Guanaquito's was a place my GF found out about through someone at work, and she dragged me along. I was skeptical, but optimistic. I have lived in Panama and Guatemala, and I was looking forward to some basic C.A. farmer food.  I was not disappointed. My stewed chicken was excellent. We ordered an appetizer platter: starch as far as the eye could see. They even had yucitas (casava fries). In Panama, we joked  about yuca being the potato's drier, stringier cousin. But Guanaquito's yucitas brought back fond memories of the campo and drunken evenings sitting in Pio Pio in David. A mixed message for most, I'm sure, but for me it was all good.  The staff was awesome, explaining for us gringos how to enjoy the fare. And we did enjoy. I'm looking forward to making my way back sometime soon.
I popped in quickly to see if they took debit the girl behind the counter looked at me blankly and then at her father at least I am assuming thats what he was. He answered for her that they do so I told them I would return. I was early in meeting Amanda B. and Kevin H. so I parked myself at a table. I speak Spanish, does it say that some where on my forehead??? People seem to just "KNOW" this for some reason. Even when I responded in English they continued to speak Spanish to me here. I finally gave in and went with it, the girl said "Ah so you do speak Spanish" like it was some sort of test. She was very polite she did not speak English though and I basically translated for everyone throughout the meal. I have not had El Salvadoran in a really long time so I don't really have anything to compare. I deducted a star because everything had pork bits in it except the salsa and tortillas. I would go again if I was in the area, next time I will clarify no meat when I order.  Bean & Cheese Pupusa - awesome very good minus the pork Chile Relleno - very good, totally different than Mex. on the inside it was stuffed full of pork, potato and carrots among other stuff it reminded me of a stew minus the liquid. Horchata - Fresh from scratch very very delicious and sweet sugar high achieved  I would like to try the soups they looked good and a little pricey.  Thanks to Kevin for getting the tip you and Amanda are wonderful company!
Tonight, I cheated on Eliana's with Guanaquito. I still feel a bit guilty, as I've been with Eliana's for years, but when Guanaquito does it better in almost every way, how can you fault me?   If you blink, you'll miss it- on McDowell, between the Gourmet House of Hong Kong and Arizona Endoscopy Services. You need to park in back, accessible from a driveway before you pass by the dully colored sign for Guanaquito.  Like Eliana's, it's Salvadoran cuisine, but there are so many more options at Guanaquito. They serve breakfast, lunch, and dinner, and based on tonight's sampling, Hubby and I will be back often to work our way through the menu. I had the ensalada drink and Hubby had the Horchata, which the waitress patiently explained was different from Mexican Horchata. It sure was- maybe it was the morrow seed that made it so unique.   For his entree, Hubby had the equivalent of the sampler platter- a tamale (again, quite different from a Mexican tamale- softer and creamier), 2 pastales (meat pies) and 2 pupusas (stuffed, grilled tortillas). Guanaquito had a far greater variety of pupusas than Elaina's, and they were every bit as good. The one that I had that was most unique was made with cheese and loroco plant (which to me had an asparagus-y taste). Definitely delicious. At both Salvadoran places, we were served a bowl of cabbage salad, but at Eliana's we had never been told how to eat it. Guanaquito's was far less astringent and we were instructed to eat it with our pupusas. I was skeptical at first, but became quickly hooked. It did not overwhelm the taste of the pupusas, and added a nice crunch and zing.   The only thing I found that Eliana's did better than Guanaquito was the flan. Guanaquito's texture was off, but the flavor was acceptable.  I suppose I'm willing to share my new love with all of you- but be forewarned- she's a saucy mistress you'll be compelled to visit again and again. Oh- and she's cheap, too. Hubby and I got out of there for $24 (and that includes the extras I got to round out my leftovers for lunch tomorrow!).
Drove right past the parking entrance my first time past. Actually, many firsts tied to this visit to Guanaquito; first mid-week lunch date, first time having Salvadorian food, first ensalda and my first pupusa. Our drink order was taken and I tried the ensalada this was a sweet and refreshing citrus drink with small pieces of pineapple and papaya this was a perfect drink on a hot day. For an appetizer we tried the pupusa which are fabulous handmade tortillas that are stuffed with a variety of fillings, sampled the pork, cheese and bean - outstanding. For my entrée I had the Chile relleno. Hands down the best relleno I have ever tried. This version was stuffed with carrots, potato, pork and cheese simply scrumptious.   Over-ordered for lunch and I'm enjoying the leftovers as I type this review - just as good reheated.
I love the food here! I had some sort of delicious fried pancake stuffed with shredded meat & cheese. They were called Pupusas. I cant wait to go back  :P I'm seriously jonesing for some more of those meat pancakes.... I need more like now!
Argh! I just realized I never reviewed this place, and it's been a while since I've been there. So I shall have to rely on the lasting impressions.  I had the plato tipico, which I think translates as, "giant plate heaped with fried deliciousness."  In fact, the pictures posted here are actual photo documentation of what I had, while dining with Brian G.  The yucca fries were utterly divine -- crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside, slightly sweet throughout. The pupusas, pure awesomness (and I've had my share, believe it or not). The empanadas, pretty tasty, but not mind-blowing. The tamale, I could have lived with out.  Thank god it's not closer, of I'd eat there every day, and undo all my hard work at the gym.
What can I say about Guanaquito that has not already been said? This place is fantastic! I have had two opportunities to try their Pupusa plate and it's just fantastic. The pupusas are cooked to a perfect crisp on the outside. The inside is warm with meat and cheese. Even the rice and beans are great. I will hold back on giving the 5 stars because I want to try other dishes besides the pupusas, but I feel that Guanaquito will earn my 5th star and my loyalty easily!
I love that this place is nearly unrecognizable from the street. And that you don't hear a word of english being spoken. You know you're in for good food at that point.   I had papusas and a random sampler - and my favorite fried plantain with beans and sour cream.   This was good - better than Eliana's yes - but both are pretty damn good. And i felt like this place was Phoenix - super seedy exterior, lots of espanol, and good food in a strip mall - Phoenix to a tee.
A Salvadorean friend recommended this place to us when she found out that we love papusas. I got  a massive plate of those crispy, delicious goodies and an even more massive cup of horchata, which could have been a meal in itself. Our server was super-friendly and patient--it took us forever to decide. We left stuffed and satisfied.
I came here based on reviews comparing it to Eliiana's, considering I had never even seen it (it's pretty well hidden). And my philosophy is, any place with papusa deserves a shot.   Me & my BF went at around 7pm, and parked in the back. It felt a little creepy, but still...papusas are calling, so we entered.   It's a no frills establishment, with a larger variety of foods and papusas than Eliana's. We shared the sampler (for comparisons) and some chicken leg entree...it really wasn't all that interesting.   The sampler plate was pretty similar to Eliana's, but they give you more (for more money, of course). The papusas, however, were the bomb (do people still use that term? Bomb?). WAAAAY better than Eliana's. And I'm told the ensalda drink was WAAAAY better too, but that is not my cup 'o tea. The tortillas served with the main entree were a little dry, so I'm siding with Eliana's tortillas. Serves was friendly, but not quite the waitress type service you get from Eliana's. We ordered up front, and then sat down. Then the food was brought to us.   So basically, I still like Eliana's more for their main dishes and tiny cup of chicken soup. But I'll come here for papusa lunches....many of them.   Oh yeah!
The pupusas, yes, the pupusas are great. The loroco with cheese has become our favorite, But this past week, I strayed from our standard and tried the gallina soup with braised chicken and salad. All I can say is, "What the hell? Where has this been my whole life?" The soup is magical. Huge chunks of carrot, potato, and zucchini, with some thin noodles, and a savory broth with some mint leaves. I quickly abandoned the rest of my entree in favor of finishing the huge bowl of magic. It was the best soup I've had since coming to Phoenix 13 years ago.   Good thing Hubby got sick this weekend- it gave me an excuse to go back and get some more. Being magical, you know it has serious healing properties. Here's where I learned that the Sopa de Gallina is chicken soup without the chicken meat and the Sopa de Pollo is the same thing but with the meat. Two huge Styrofoam cups to go with lemon wedges and 4 hot and fresh tortillas cost less than $6.00. I was stunned. The owner said it costs more with meat. Believe me, you won't miss it. Who knew that magic was so cheap? Hubby's fever is already down and he's feeling much better.
I have never eaten El Salvadorean food before!  I was looking for something different and saw the reviews!  I called a friend from El Salvador and he suggested the Pupusas with cheese!  THEY WERE YUMMY!!!  Its my new favorite food!!!  I will be back!  Thanks!
I went to Guanaquito Saturday afternoon to get some to go pupusas.  We live within walking distance of the place, and honestly, from the front of the building facing McDowell it looks like nothing at all. I would see this place driving by and be like" How the hell does a restaurant survive there?". Thankfully, I ran along the place on Yelp!   Wow. I can't believe I was not more daring before now. I got 4 pupusas to go for my husband and me. While waiting, I noticed that the place is very clean and reminds me a lot of some restaurants in Mexico (although not a Mexican restaurant).   The man who took my order and money was very nice and he explained how to put the sauce and slaw on them if I so wished. I didn't like the sauce or slaw once I tasted them but, who cares, you don't need it.   We got the pork and cheese pupusas and they were out of this world! So fresh and yummy. Two pupusas each was a nice little lunch along with a beer (at home). The place needs to get beer is the only thing lacking!   We will be going back and it will be nice to be able to walk over!
3.5 stars rounded up.  Our first foray into Salvadoran cuisine.  Half the fun was working out what we wanted with our poor Spanish and the servers poor English.  We weren't very hungry since we had been to Lo-Lo's just a short time before.  The plan was to share 2 entree's between the four of us at Lo-Lo's and then finish our dinner at Guanaquito.  Well, two plates  at Lo-Lo's and the four of us were nearly full.  So we didn't order much at Guanaquito.  Four pupusas:  cheese, bean & cheese, pork and beef.  They were all very good.  I enjoyed the grilled flavor of the bread very much.  Having each bite with cabbage and some hot sauce was tasty indeed.  We also tried some fried yucca.  It was OK but very much like thick cut french fries.
A friend and I decided to try this place after reading the wonderful Yelp reviews.  We were not disappointed!  There's not much I can say that hasn't already been said.  Our server was very pleasant, the place was clean, and service was quick.  We both thoroughly enjoyed our meals (he had the Plato Tipico, I had the bean & cheese pupusas with rice & beans) and look forward to returning for more.
Always looking for a hole in the wall with fantastic food and this place is that in spades.  Decor and neighborhood is more on the old commercial district side but you put this food in a nicer area and your at five stars
This was my first venture into Salvadoran cuisine, and what a great place to be exposed to it. This place is so authentic, they barely speak any English. Luckily, I was able to use my decent (although far from fluent) Spanish to ask what things were and get the waitress's recommendations. We had the plato tradicional appetizer, a platter of Salvadoran specialties - for $9, you get two pupusas (of your choice), two beef empenada-like things, three fried yucca things, and a chicken tamale. If you want a nice exposure to different Salvadoran dishes, I highly recommend this as a meal for one or a starter for two or three. The pupusas, especially, were fantastic. Next, we had some chicken dish with onions in a gravy-like sauce--also delicious--that came with a side of rice and beans (and a "salad" that was just some iceberg and tomato with a wedge of lime). The refried beans were some of the best I've had. And this whole dish cost $9, if I remember correctly. I highly recommend Guanaquito to expose yourself to the authentic cuisine of El Salvador. The price is right, the service is friendly, and the food is delicious!
Been there twice now.  Great servers and the owner is a sweetheart.  I ate the Pechuga Asada and a pupusa Locoye(sp?) this time.  The chicken was made right, great beans and rice, fresh avocado,  big portions and the salsa and chips are excellent.   I live two blocks from here and I need to wake the eff up and go here more.
As good as it gets.  Thats a pretty good way of putting it! If your into Salvadoran Food or if you are not this is your place.  Located near 14th street and McDowell the building is near a chinese place in an old white building.  You have to park in the back and at first glance you may question yourself for choosing this place.  But it really is worth it.  Once you get inside the place is spotless.  Very well kept.  The menu's do explain what you are eating so no surprises.    I got the Carne Asada plate.  The steak  was perfectly grilled and seasoned.  It came with yellow rice, beans, a salad, and tortillas.  The tortillas were thick and grilled.  I also shared a bean and cheese papusa.  The papusa was awesome basicly a tortilla stuffed with beans and cheese.  You have to try it.  Our meal came with chips and salsa and a salvadorian slaw mixture to share.    The price was right and the staff is friendly food A++++++++  Good for lunch if you work in the downtown area not too packed.
I'm going to flat out say this before I start writing the review, my aunt makes the best pupusas.  Now with that being said this is a nice little hole in the wall.  The place is nice and clean.  The food is cheap and delicious.  The people are really friendly and the old man behind the register always seems to great me with a smile ( I think he is the owner).  Mind you pupusas are more filling then they look so don't over order.  I like the traditional queso con loroco.  The plantains are also delicious.
It looks like I will be the lone naysayer but I was not too impressed with this place. It was my first exploration into Salvadorian food so it was the best Salvadorian food I have ever had.  With that said, the location is a bit hard to find as the parking and entrance are in the rear.   We sat down and looked at the menus, which lacked some English descriptions for many items, I can speak enough Spanish to know foods but some important details were missing.  I opted to try two things I have never had before. Yucca and pupusa with cheese and layote.   Yucca came with some pits of fried meat that I did not even want and my meat-eating friend did not like. The Yucca itself was good but not too diff rent than a potato wedge fry, I guess starch is starch.   My pupusa was a cheese filled flat pocket I did not even see or taste the other filling. It was a bit runny from the cheese and lacked a firmness I expected. I used the accompanying bottle of hot sauce to add some flavor however, the sauce lacked any real heat. The chips and salsa were decent but nothing special.   The prices for the pupusas seemed good at $1.75 but the yucca at $5 was a bit steep.   I will give this place one my try and I will be going with my native Spanish speaking friend.
I've been wanting to find a good Salvadorean place in Phoenix and this place is it!  We went there on a whim for dinner, along with three friends and everyone hands down loved the place.  Its clean, comfortable and charming;  the menu is varied, with foods from El Salvador, Mexico, the Caribbean and even a few american style items.  The service is friendly, helpful, and didn't try to hurry us up.   My husband had the steak and onions, and it was excellent. We all shared several pupusas, which everyone loved.  And shared a fried plantain with beans and cream and it was delicious!  My vegitarian friend had the Fried Yuca (w/out the pork), and she loved it.   My husband is puerto rican and is very picky about restaurants, and had been resistant to trying Salvadorean food for a while - but this is now one of his favorite new hole-in the walls in Phoenix. We will be going back often!
Great service, tasty food, and affordable prices.   The cheese and bean papusas were good. I had the house special fish fillet with salsa malta and she had the camerones plancha. We both enjoyed our meals and will likely return in the future.
This place is defintiely a hole in the wall, but aren't all the best finds that way? Their horchata was delicious. Creamy and authentic, without being to cinnamon-y. I was also a HUGE fan of their papussas and empanadas. Amazing!. I did not like their take on chile relleno though. It was a stuffed piece of the palm flower they use and it tasted acrid. Maybe it's a flavor that grows on you. Also wasn't too impressed by how clean the place felt, but the old pictures of the Valley in the 30s were pretty cool.  Overall, good food and totally reasonably priced, but i would've loved to have a beer with my dinner. Only juices and sodas at this place.
I went there Friday night to try it out on the recommendation of so many Yelpers.  The place was neat and clean and the wait staff most friendly.  We immediately received chips with salsa and curtido( a type of coleslaw.) Didn't really like the curtido, lacked vinegar and some herbs.  But the chips were amazing.: warm, crispy and not greasy.  Nice start. I order the pork chop with plantain, rice mixed with frijoles and salad. Everything was fresh and flavorful, but being a really good cook of latin food I am going to make this recommendation to the cook.  Never add tomato sauce to rice because it makes the absorption of water difficult and makes the rice sticky.  Use Goya's Sason for coloring or tumeric.  That said, my significant other ordered the baked fish dish (because HE is watching is girlish figure) with plantains and salad.  He really enjoyed it.  I ordered a pupusa because I had never, ever, ever had one.  I ordered the one with pork cracklings, beans and cheese.  It was good.  By the way, both entrees can with a side order of pupusa.   Too full to try dessert but they had some interestingly delicious offering.  I think the meal was worth the money.  Try it.
Papusa, its fun to say and also to eat.  Paaaa poooooo sahhhh  I went in with a few coworkers time time with the goal of ordering 100% papusa. Which I did including a new Jalapeño papusa.   This new Jalapeño papusa at $2.00 is .25  more than the rest but well worth it. Lightly spicy cheese and corny it was great.  I also had a cheese papusa but it was just bland.  The chips and salsa were like that of any Mexican place now, no more popcorn tasting chips. The side of Salvadorian slaw was nice.   On a fun side note my co worker got the "French style chicken"  which was 3 breaded chicken breasts over pasta with a lemon butter sauce.  What compelled him to get French food that looked like Italian food at a Salvadorian place I will never know.
Good for mainly POPUSAS!!!! The place is located in a sketchy area and if you look around it almost seems not worth to try it. Forget about appearances and just sit for some Popusas!!! Their menu is in Spanish and  English, but people mainly speak Spanish, so if you want to practice a little...go ahead.
Met my son, his girlfriend and her kids here the day we arrived in Phoenix.  We got a little turned around so they had already eaten some food.  We ordered papussas and empanadas.  Some had the fruit juice with all these little bits of fruit floating about.  It was too sweet for me but those who drank it loved this concoction.  Had chips and salsa and the frys were really good.  It was fun eating here even though the first impression was where did they take us.  The owners and waitreass were so nice and it was my first time eating Salvadoran food.  Just for that I had a great time.  I would go back now when I return to sunny Ariazona.
Finding out how to gain access to this place is the greatest barrier to its success (it's a challenge), after you figure it out, brush up on your highschool spanish then be wowed by some pretty darn good pupusas.    The juevos con chorizo are smokey and delicious and blow my mind each time I get em.
Two words sum it up; tasty and filling.  We started with the Plato Tipico which is a fried appetizer sampler and includes a chicken tamale, two beef  & papa empanadas, two papusas and  yucca fries. I was loving the bean and cheese filled papusa and my friend was all about the tamale.  I ordered the avocado salad hopping it would be on the exotic side but it was just a standard dinner salad topped with sliced avocado. Aside from our appetizer and salad, we ordered an additional round of pork, cheese and bean papusas. All were very good and were the main reason for our visit. However, after looking at the rest of the menu, we'll be back to try the carne asada platter and relleno plates.  All in all, a deliciously satisfying meal and definitely a spot I will return to again and again.  Note: Parking is out back and they close at 8:30.
After passing this place on the way to and from work every day for months, I finally caved in and rounded up some peeps for a weekend lunch expedition. This was my first ever experience with Salvadoran food and I was definitely not disappointed! The area is a little shady so we made it a day trip and took about half a dozen people. At first I was a little apprehensive, the area sucks and the parking lot was empty but it was a Saturday and probably between the lunch and dinner rush. In fact, by the time we were ready to leave, the place had filled up. The actual restaurant was very minimalist but clean and welcoming on the inside. The only negative I have to report (other than the neighborhood) is the language barrier and lack of service. Don't get me wrong, the server was very sweet and accommodating but there was only one, she didn't understand what we were saying most of the time, and it was hard to flag her down once it started to get busy. Only one of us had any experience with this genre of food, and although he liked Guanaquito, he said he preferred Eliana's but mostly because he said they spoke English and had a slightly better papusa. This was my first so I had nothing to compare it to, but I have to say I was very pleased. We ordered 3 plato tipico which came with papusas (we opted for all bean and cheese after reading the other Yelp reviews), a Salvadorean version of an empenada filled with meat and potatoes, yucca frita, tamales, and some slaw. We all loved it all except half our party passed on the tamales and we all agreed the pickled slaw wasn't the greatest; I would've preferred the slaw to have had more time to develop it's flavors and wilt a bit - it was also very sweet and I like my non-creamy slaws with a little more tang. We also had a side of fried plantains that were accompanied by crema fresca and beans (AWESOME!), their complimentary chips and salsa, and my kids shared the spaghetti with ablondigas. After reading all of the reviews on this place, I had planned on trying their chicken soup but I was so full I had to pass. At the end of the massive lunch we probably dropped about $12 per person, an excellent value for the amount of food we got. My husband (who is totally not an adventurous diner) said it was alright but I'm pretty sure I saw his eyes light up like Christmas when they brought him his Fanta in an old-school glass bottle, lol.
Our son in law brought over a great sampling of foods from Guanaquito for us to try, and I have to say it was especially good. As a gourmet cook collecting recipes for 45 years, I appreciate the homemade quality and attention to preparation and ingredients. I don't mean to seem arrogant, but it's been a rare expereince for me to enjoy that sense of satisfaction from foods prepared by others in Phoenix. This has got to be one of our best local restaurants.
Best pupusas in Phoenix
I went here a couple friday's ago with friends. We all got the same thing the meat and cheese filled papusa meal. I love papusas and this place is legit on these. Im not a fan of black beans so I get the pinto beans with the meal. I ordered the horchata thinking it was going to taste like every other horchata I have had. El salvadorian horchata is not the same as your typical Mexican horcahata, and it was not to my liking. I took some food to go for Javier, but he said he was not a fan, may have been since it was not fresh. Beware when you go to this place, it is straight in the middle of the hood and looks sketchy. You drive to the back and park in the dark parking lot and enter through the back. Do not let this scare you away because the food is worth it.
Great food great staff crappy area. Popusas were great, empanadas were delicious, yucca was the bomb (first time I eaten yucca) and the tamal wrapped in banana leaf was an unexpected surprise. From El Paso Texas with love...I'll definetly come back the next time I'm in Phoenix...salsa roja estaba deliciosa....
This place is like having a dirty little secret. It is almost as if it's only for the dive/hole in the wall elite. It's like an exclusive little club with knowledge of the entrance to this place... No sign, no front door, no parking directions... A mystery. A maze. A secret. Unless you speak Spanish and have heard about this place from every single Central American you know (ahem, thus how I discovered it.) My friends still approach the place uneasily when I first take them there, but once they eat they become Salvadoreans at heart. Pupusas and Platanos Fritos are my favorite items from this place!  Being of Salvadorean descent I can approve this place as seriously legit! It's super cheap as well! Why can't it be pupusa day every day? Because then I would become a whale. For those cheat days,  This place hits the spot! Real curtido and salsa, none of that fake or "Mexicanized" flavor (yes there is a difference lol) I really want a pupusa now...  :-)
Okay, first of all, this place looks like it would be located in the slums of San Salvador.. sketchy area, bars on the window, almost looks lifeless from the street. "Never judge a book by its cover" definitely applies to this place. This place has some good and very authentic Salvadorian food. Came here and got my usual choice of salvi treats, pupusas revueltas, pastelitos, platanitos and an ice cold agua de ensalada... AMAZING!
I was so excited to try the pupusas after reading the reviews, but all the hype didn't reflect my experience.....located in a bright blue building, it was very unassuming....we entered through the back into a dimly lit, but very clean dining area.  The menu sounded good and had photos of everything to make it easy to choose.  my daughter and We ordered the Plato Tipico to get an idea of what they had to offer.   The tamale smelled and tasted of funky fish (I think it was actually pork and potato) with under cooked masa, there were beef empanadas, deep fried hard things that I think were potato and the bean and cheese pupusas...everything tasted of the oil it was cooked in and was very bland.  The cabbage slaw accompaniment was of no help in adding flavor.  I also had the horchata which was very good.  We tried ordering a dessert, however after taking our order, the server came back several minutes later to tell us they were out so we ordered something else only to be told later they were out of that too.  Finally we ordered the pork, bean and cheese pupusas to give one more try...it was very cheesey but bland with an odd meat taste.  Overall a very disappointing experience.
I really like this place, great customer service and really nice restaurant, go in through the back!
The place might be easy to miss and I'll say that living right down the street and just happen to find it thanks to yelp! We'll I was looking for popusas and this place showed up. It was a little difficult figuring out where the entrance was since it's next to a building and has a small entrance to the back parking lot. Place looks very sketchy outside and as your walking in. So we decided to try a combo that came with that delicious  Curtido. Popusas were amazing! That is all I have tried and I keep going back just for that. I gave it four stars just because service could have been better. But this place is definitely worth trying!
Really, really, really, ridiculously good pupusas.  Those of you who have never tried one before, for the love of all that is holy man try one!   Tip- rough neighborhood, may want to strap on a bulletproof vest before coming down.  Tip- entrance is in the back
Been coming here since I was a little girl . I'm salvadorian myself and their pupusas are the best in AZ !!
Just went here based on some lovely yelpers reviews and you did not let me down! Wow the food was so good, and the owner/staff were very pleasant.  I just got 3 bean and cheese stuffed corn tortillas, rice and more beans for $6.99 and it was all incredible.   You have to enter through the back, the parking lot is a little sketchy feeling right when you pull in but when you park there's plenty of lighting over the back door. Try it!
Came her with my wife and daughter on a whim. We saw a sticker in the back of a truck that said "I love pupusas" on our way to Applebees and my wife asked what those were. After telling her she set to finding a place we could get them.  This place came up with some of the best reviews so we made the trek across the valley to try them.  At first I was struck by the lack of people in the place but as we sat I got more comfortable. The staff made sure we were comfortable and all our needs met.  The food was delicious! I can't speak highly enough of it.   You can't add a tip to your credit card receipt so bring cash.
Been here a few times and loved it every time. my favorite items are the popusas, pan con pollo, and the sopa De pata. If you like menudo you'll like the sopa De pata. I give all the credit to my girlfriend for introducing me to this place. I owe her big time. Yummy yummy for the tummy.
I love this place! I'm half salvadorian and grew up eating many of the meals on the menu. Coming here makes me feel nostalgic. And everything is so delicious! It's always worth the trip coming from Ahwatukee. I've tried many pupusas throughout Phoenix, Tempe, and Mesa... El Guanaquito tops them all. The owner is a humble, timid yet very friendly man, as well as the entire staff.
I love, love, love Eliana's. I have been eating here for years and enjoy bringing people new to Salvadoran food. The interior is cheerfully decorated with colorful folk art, and the service is always swift and friendly.   My favorite items on the menu are: 1) the pupusas, kind of a soft gordita-like exterior with a meat and veggie thick stew-like interior - outrageously good!; 2) the yucca frita, fried yucca plant (very starchy, like potatoes) with some deep fried chunks of pork and garnished with radishes and cucumbers; 3) the ensalada drink, a bright-yellow fruit beverage with finely chopped assorted fresh fruit- comes with a straw and a spoon; 4) the plantain with beans and sour cream, a dish I wasn't sure about at first because I am very picky about my banana-type foods, but it totally and unexpectedly works and is ridiculously delicious.  Eliana's is so inexpensive and such a wonderful experience. Everyone can find something they'll like- low spiciness, but full of great flavors and textures.
Nomnomnomnompupusanomnomnomnom  That's pretty much all you need to know.  Pupusas. I have dreamt of them every day since I had them. They are  warm & yummy & tasty & um.. good!  I think of them as a Latin American Hot Pocket, but you probably shouldn't.  Technically, they're listed as an appetizer, but next time I'm going I'm getting a few of them and making it a meal.  They also had super good soup - I just wish they gave me more than a lil espresso cup full! The fried plaintain was good, though not quite like I've tasted before - my coworker had never tried one though and really liked it. I also had a generous main dish with some peppers, onion, shrimp, & "meat".  With my dish, you could order it with shrimp and "chicken" or "meat".  I'm not sure I'm going to think about that too much more.  The shrimp & veggies were great, the meat was a little fatty for my taste ( kind of wish I'd gotten the chicken instead, my friend's looked great), & the beans were more of a strange liquid bean slurry side? Not sure how else to explain that.  But seriously, all the main stuff we ate was amazing, and a fellow even came over to explain to us how to eat the pupusas - put the cabbage salad on top, drizzle the sauce, enjoy! Seriously. You will enjoy.  EDIT:  Since writing this review we've gone back, and I had an appetizer combo with a pupusa, tamale, and meat pie thingy - all of which were well made and tasty! What I want to mention most though is the chili relleno my friend got - no cheese in it, but more like stew! One of the best I've ever tried! And I got the Tamarindo drink - I wish I had gallons of this stuff! It's a citrus tamarind drink that we agreed tasted a lot like mango lemonade. YUM. & my nice nice friend got me a piece of their queso dessert - apparently quesadilla (uh, I have to double check on the name) here is more like a light cake & a cheesecake had a baby... a delicious, cheese-danishy kinda tasting baby.  Try a piece with a friend!
Literally just getting back from the East Coast and eating Julia's Empanadas (Washington, DC) and Ruben's Empanadas (NYC), I was fiending for some more when I landed in Phoenix. A quick Yelp search turned up Eliana's and since it was on my way home from the airport, I decided to stop in to get my fix. Initially, I only planned on getting the combo platter and ensalada drink. Then I started thinking back on my fond memories of pupaserias (sp?) in the Mission district of SF so I flagged down the waiter to have that added on to my order.   My ensalada drink arrived w/ a little cup of chicken & potato soup which instantly made my stomach do a little churn. I'm not sure if it was because the ensalada drink looked like a liquid highlighter or the fact that an ice cold beverage was served with a hot soup, but being the starving beast that I was, I took a sip of the glow-stick and devoured the tasty chicken soup. I couldn't really figure out if the drink tasted like anything other than sweet water w/ a few pieces of fruits & carrot, but it was interesting to order nonetheless.    Not sure what to say about the pupusa and combo platter other than, it was very MOIST. I'm sure you're thinking, "WTH how could she describe a pupusa, empanada, pasteles and tamale as moist?," but trust me, it was a lot odder for me to taste these unexpectedly moist items. I'm not sure it was moist from the meat juices or grease but I ate a few bites of each item and left the rest. Feeling rather unfulfilled from everything, I decided to order the quesadilla dessert. As the other reviewers have already mentioned, it's not the quesadilla that most of us are accustomed to. I'd describe it as corn bread (minus the gritty corn texture) with a cream cheese flavor. Kinda strange.. not my thang.   So 3 stars to Eliana's for the MOIST items. I'd give it an extra .5 star for the soup, but unfortunately that's not an option and I didn't think it'd merit a whole extra star on its own.
So on the advice of Michelle's review, my friend Brian (my lunchtime buddy) and I ventured over here for lunch the other day.  I won't go into too much detail, but I will say that it was good.  Not amazing, but good.  However, I have never had El Salvadorian food before, so maybe I needed to be broken in.  I started with the mango iced tea which tasted a little like dirt, not horrible, but had a dirt flavor to it if that makes any sense.  I saw the guys next to me get these bright neon yellow drinks with chunks floating in them and decided I must try it.  It turned out it was the ensalada drink, which I thought meant "salad" but maybe that's my American translation.  Apparently it means "delicious fruit salad" drink.  I ate the chunks out of it, trying to figure out what each one was.  I was thinking it was something exotic, so I made Bri try it, turns out it was apple.  Oops.  So it has apple, pineapple and carrot chunks, maybe not exotic, but still delicious.  The little shooter of soup is good.  Its like a chicken noodle without the noodle with potatoes thrown in for good measure.  I got the appetizer combo that Michelle got, it was plenty of food for a meal.  I don't know what was what, but I like the flat tortilla looking thing with the cheese the best...it was either a pupusa or a posteles, but it was good!  The tamale was different than the typical, it was not wrapped in a corn husk but what looked like a palm frond, but I could be wrong.  Heck, I couldn't even identify an apple that day!  It also had shredded chicken, potatoes and carrots in it.  Very tasty.  They also serve this soupy tomatoey salsa that is very mild.  That, combined with the slaw they serve as a garnish really adds some taste to most of the items.  They also give you 1 "tortilla" per person.  Its their version of a tortilla, but much different than the Mexican version.  This is much smaller, and thicker, almost like a pita, gordita or fry bread.  My friend got some sort of chicken dish with a large amount of what looked like sour cream underneath it.  Unfortunately for him, he hates sour cream, but some rearranging of the plate and some dousing in tomatoey salsa and he was good to go.  I tried to order the "quesadilla" dessert thing that Michelle  mentioned because I truly wanted to know what the bastard child of cheesecake and cake would taste like, plus the name was intriguing...but they were out.  They were also out of their carne asada, which looked good.  Other people had some.   It was busy when we were there, but the service was good and everyone was really friendly.  There was even a very large table of about 15 people in there celebrating a birthday and everyone (OK, well me and my friend and the servers) sang to them.    I think I want to go back now and try the chile relleno and some more of the "tortilla" wrapped cheesy meaty deliciousness.  UPDATE -  I wonder if that's a record for an update (10 minutes)! I just noticed in the beginning I said I won't go into too much detail, then proceeded to go into perfect detail.  I guess its impossible for me not to be long-winded.  Oh well...you finished reading, now do you feel like you wasted 5 minutes of your life? :)
Delicious. Had papusas and some other things selected at random off of the menu. All delicious. Also shared their fried plantain with beans and sour cream. Heaven.  This place is wonderful and delicious. And totally reasonably priced.
I just had lunch at Eliana's today and thanks to other Yelpers, steered my way to the combo appetizer platter [and ordered an extra papusa so my friend Jim and I could both have one] as well as the chicken and shrimp entree. Before I go any further, of note here is that this is peasant food, served in simple surroundings. Having said that, its simply delicious. Our food was served all at once and was accompanied by tortillas and refried beans. These are NOT your mother's refried beans. They have an unbelievably smooth texture and are full of amazing flavor. We dipped our tortilla's [which in this case are 1/2 inch thick masa harina-esque mixed with shortening - am guessing] in the beans and just revelled in the great mix of flavor and texture. Between that and our other fave, the papusa's, we could have died happy at that moment. The papusa's are everything everyone says they are: warm, delicious, with meat, potato and cheese. Must be El Salvadoran for 'comfort food'. Its simple, flavorful and delightful. Although I was less of a fan of the shrimp/chicken/rice entree, it was still very fine.   The servers were extremely kind and friendly and when we asked about the refried bean prep, we were basically given the 411 on how they prep the beans, what they cook them with and how they get the texture [blender]. It was a delicious and satisfying lunch. Plenty of food for $21 plus tip.
OMGS you guys. This is a little diamond in the rough. Nice and cheap, with a modest, but DELICIOUS, menu. I share the combo platter with my BF and then usually get the chicken, which is so moist and tender and slathered in creme...  And it comes with a little cup 'o chicken soup which is yum-sauce.  Papusas.  Need I say more?
Having passed this place more than once while driving around, I'd always wanted to stop by but never made it much of a priority. Well I stumbled across reviews here and due to the raving about the papusas I HAD to stop in.  My partner in crime was kind enough to accompany me and as soon as we did we too joined the pupusa bandwagon, mmm pupusa bandwagon (drools). We had the appetiser sampler which is good to share but might leave you wanting the another pupusa. I'm a fan of the chicken soup you get, but just wish the serving size was slightly bigger.  The appetizer comes with 3 different items and all are equally tastey (ref. pupusa). They also give you some cabbage salad and a tomato sauce to accompany the items, yum.  My gf ordered the recommended chicken dish and lurved the hell out of it, I agreed and actually was wishing I'd gotten that instead of the Salvadorian marinated steak, which was good, but paled in comparison to the chicken.  Sidenotes: Try the ensalada drink, it's a sweet fruit based drink that comes with slices of apple. Sort of reminds me of drinking a melted otter pop, which as far as I'm concerned is off the proverbial chain. Also served with appetiser and as a sidedish with the food was a bean soup which was good and great for dipping the tortillas in. Oh, and the tortillas are Salvadorian style meaning thick and sort of along the lines of a Mexican gordita, I could eat these for days.  Pupusas (drools) "give me a towel boy" (drools)
I'm from the SF Bay area and I get pupusa from Zocalos and La Bamba. While the pupusas here were pretty good I can't say the same for some of the plates. I ordered the bistec something and it was drenched in some sort of gravy. While the meat was tender, it was abit salty for my taste. The cabbage salad they gave was great but the accompanying salsa was very bland.   While I might come back here just for some pupusas.   The drink we had was pretty good. And yes it was a fluorescent yellow.
This place is really good!  If you go, order the combination platter, it's the best way to try several el salvadorian specialities.  Also, don't forget to order the baked bananas - delicious!  The horchata should not be missed either, it is different than mexican horchata, it has cinnamon and other goodies.  Try it.  Very reasonably priced, you will leave very full and very satisfied.
Very Cute and Cozy Place!   The Food was AMAZING!  Seriously I have been thinking about it all day and whether my diet likes it or not I'll be returning very soon!   I got the Appetizer Platter which came with a Pupusa, a chicken meat pie, a chicken tamale and beans. (see pics)   Everything was wonderful and fresh and oh so Delicious!   I would have to tell anyone who has never had this kind of food, do not be intimidated, go for it you won't be sorry, my particular meal wasn't spicy or greasy it was just the best thing I have tasted in weeks and it's definitely budget friendly!
I went here one time to try the pupusas; they were delicious and filling. I had intended to have them as a snack, but they were so hearty that the three I ordered became a very filling meal.  I returned with a friend and ordered a tamal as an appetizer; it was light and tender (unlike the denser Mexican tamales) and very flavorful. My entree was arroz valenciana, which was very colorfully presented and was a gustatory delight. My friend had the shrimp fajitas; I had a taste of that too and it was good, but I'm glad I ordered the arroz because I wanted something different from what I'd get in most Mexican restaurants. The Salvadoran tortillas are thick and substantial, unlike the thin tortillas served in Mexican restaurants.  Both our entrees came with a side of bean sauce -- yes, the bean preparation comes out as a thick and very tasty liquid, rather than the mash ("refried beans") in Mexican restaurants.  We were really quite full after finishing our entrees but couldn't resist ordering the fried banana burrito (especially after having read about that in a yelp review). I'm so glad we ordered only one because it was huge, and came with 2 scoops of ice cream. We split the dessert and although we were very full from the main dinner, we finished everything - it was so good, with just the right coating of cinnamon sugar.  As we waddled back to the car, I decided that I'm definitely coming back, again and again ... and thank goodness I have a huge appetite.
Great service and the food is the same as I have experienced in Central America --light, not so spicy, and varied in texture. We had a very helpful man suggest items from the menu. I strongly recommend the fruit drink with chunks of fruit (in the picture). And they have pupusas that are really good with fresh coleslaw. Try this as an appetizer. The tortillas are not what you might be used to --they are about 5" in diameter and thick like a pancake. But they are made fresh and are really nice. My companion had the aroz valenciana which was tasty and I had the Elianas favorite which was grilled chicken with that terrific latin american creme cheese. Mmmmmm... cheese! The service was consistent and friendly and the food was tasty and a nice break from all the Mexican joints in the area.
I have been to this restaurant three times for lunch while at work, and I must say that the first time I was there, the service was slow and the food mediocre.  The last two times I went there, it was not by my choice but by group consensus.  The food is also mediocre at best, having a friend whose mother is from El Salvador, this food was terrible, absolutely terrible in comparison.  The beans and cheese and pork inside my pupusa had the consistency of water, and the hot sauce seemed like it was 3 parts water, 1 part hot sauce.  Each time I went there I called ahead and placed my order, and I had to wait at least 15 minutes for my drink and at a minimum of 30 - 45 min. to wait for my food (after ordering ahead!!).  I brought this up with the family that owns the restaurant, and they told me, in their exact words, it's not their problem, and if I had brought more people then we would have had better service and they don't need to worry about one customer because they have been there for so long if they lose one customer, they have many more waiting.  I don't understand how a place with one or two waitresses can even expect to adequately service their customers correctly.  I have been overcharged and never received items that I have ordered that were still on my check and I had to argue with the owner.  It is by far the worst service I have ever received in this city.  About 5 people I work with have all sworn to never return to this store.
A friend of mine told me of Eliana's because I was familiar with Salvadoran food from L.A. and lamented that I couldn't find a good place in Phoenix.  I was happily surprised to find the food as good as it was there.  That was in 1998.  I come here every so often when I get a "hankering" for Pupusas and have become very familiar with the proprietor and his family.  AWESOME food, AWESOME service, AWESOME ambience!
let me preface by first saying that i have never had salvadorian food before so therefore i do not know what good salvadorian food tastes like, or is supposed to taste like, so this review is strictly from my american palette and what i think tastes "good".  we arrived around 6pm on this wednesday evening and there was only one other couple in the entire place. dead. crickets chirping. it's rather odd inside. somewhat tacky and cheap, but i wasn't expecting a fine dining meal.   we went with the iced tea (spicy!) and the ensalada drink (refreshing!). got the appetizer platter with the meat pie, pupusa, rice, beans, and tamale. the tamale was rather soggy, and the chunks of chicken inside were large chunks and just kind of awkward. the meat pie was cheesey and delicious as was the pupusa. and the rice..well, i could eat that rice every single day! buttery and fluffy is how i'd describe it. for entrees i chose the camaron and carne fajitas and my girlfriend chose the chicken with rice and salad. hers was delicious, mine was meh. it came loaded with onions and the tails were still on the shrimp. the tortillas were different, to say the least, really thick and doughy, i didn't care for them too much.  overall, the food is very bland. i don't know if that's a characteristic of salvadoran food, but i like my food with a bit of a kick or spice to it.
This one is really hard.   Based on other Yelp reviews, I went to Eliana's to pick up lunch last week. It's close to my work, and it sounded like such a nice departure from my usual lunchtime rounds. This past weekend, my boyfriend and I went to dinner there, because I thought it deserved a second try. I'll tell you a little about both experiences.   After perusing all of the (mostly) helpful and honest reviews here, I really psyched myself out about giving it a try and just HAD to go there for takeout that VERY SAME DAY - I'm not a delayed gratification kind of person, despite my best efforts. I ended up at the restaurant at around 11:00, and it was empty. The lady behind the counter seemed a little frosty at first, but then she started in with calling me "mija," and I was a goner. I'm not sure why, but some little, older lady calling me a term of motherly endearment always softens me right up.   I ordered the Pollo Encebollado, described in the menu only as "chicken with onions." Hm. Well, I like chicken, and I like onions...so...that sounded pretty good! I was imagining something akin to an El Salvadorian fajita. As I picked up my order and drove back to work to enjoy it at my desk, visions of chunks of seasoned chicken and sauteed onions danced through my head. I settled down at my desk, took a deep breath, opened the nicely wrapped Styrofoam container, and...chicken on the bone? What? Who said anything about chicken on the bone? With some reddish, tomatoey-looking sauce? What is this? Where are the delicious, unauthentic strips of white meat chicken? The browned onions, all oily and slippery? THIS ISN'T FAJITAS!   Well, no. It isn't fajitas...fajitas are somewhere else on the menu. This is Pollo Encebollado, and I didn't know what I was ordering. Pollo Encebollado, at Eliana's, is two drumsticks covered in a flavorful, tomato-based sauce, paired with a few cooked onion slices. The meal includes rice, beans, and tortillas, but I went for double rice, which is kind of yellow in color and studded with chopped carrots and onions. The tortillas are like fat little pancakes that taste like tortillas, if that's not a completely ignorant description.   I don't generally eat chicken on the bone, but, hey. I ordered it, I was really wanting to try it, so I broke a personal rule and dove in. While it wasn't quite what I had imagined, I liked it well enough and was able to finish it.   I wasn't sure what to think. I wasn't too into it...definitely not enough to order that same thing again, but I didn't want to write Eliana's off completely, based merely on some weird, prissy, arbitrary issue I have with chicken on the bone.   I told my boyfriend about the restaurant, and suggested that we go try it out together. He had actually heard of it before from a Salvadorian coworker who raves about it frequently.  We went on a Friday evening at around 5:00...the restaurant was, again, nearly empty. A very friendly man seated us and took our drink orders.   I first tried the Orchata, which was very different from the Mexican variety I'm sure most of us are familiar with. It was actually a milky brown in color, rather than white...it looked, to me, like a glass of chocolate milk. The color, I found out later, comes from the addition of an ingredient called Morrow Seed. It also tastes a little different, in a way that is hard to explain...I'd also probably chalk that up to the Morrow Seed.   For our entrees, my boyfriend had the Chile Relleno, and I ordered the Arroz a la Valenciana...mostly because it is painted on the outside of the restaurant, and seems to be their "hallmark" dish.   Note: before your order arrives, you receive a salty little cup of chicken soup. I wasn't too into the soup itself, but I was oddly touched by the effort to add a little something extra and a little something nice to the dining experience. Maybe I'm a sappy weirdo. Well, not maybe, I definitely am, but between the "mija"s and the cute little soups, I felt very charmed by the man and woman working there, and really, really wanted to enjoy my food so I could write a big, long review on Yelp about how wonderful their restaurant is.   Neither my boyfriend or I really enjoyed either of our dishes. My dish was served cold, which I wasn't expecting, and seemed very flavorless to me...other than the unusual taste of bananas I seemed to pick up from the rice. The man helping us suggested that I pour the bean substance on my dish to "create a new flavor." I thought this was also a really cute thing to say, but, unfortunately, I followed his advice and did not enjoy the "new flavor" I created. All in all, I enjoyed the Arroz a la Valenciana much less than the Pollo Encebollado.  Annnnd I'm out of characters. If you want to hear about the Chile Relleno or the Ensalada beverage, message me!
Another surprise Phoenix location.  I broke out of the norm once again and went to Eliana's for a lunch.  The food here is amazing.   I was completely delighted by a new cuisine that I had never tried before.  The deep fried banana and ice cream that our server convinced us to get was well worth it, even though I had no room left in my stomach.  If you haven't been able to tell from my previous posts, I am completely into the ambiance of a restaurant.  This one was of the things that was lacking in this restaurant, but it also made it charming and homey.  The best part of the entire experience was our server.  You could tell that he was part of the family that owned the restaurant and truly cared for his location.  We quickly deemed him even more interesting than the Dos Equis man and decided that we needed to have some cocktails, and hear  some stories with this man.  There was something buttery in the way that he talked, a glimmer of hope in his voice, and a sense of passion about his business that really made you enjoy your experience.  I will be back.  Don't you worry.  I will be back.  This time with more friends.
Friendly service and cheap, cheap, cheap prices!  My husband and I had 5 pupusas between the two of us, horchata, and an ensalada drink for a grand total of $16, including tip.  While I thought the pupusas were fine, though much cheesier than the ones I'm used to (from La Santaneca in SF), my husband proclaimed, "They were bland!"  I guess we will be continuing our search for comparable pupusas, though if I go by his standards, there are no other places that compare to his favorite restaurant in the city.
OK, I'll start with a disclaimer, I absolutely adore the people that run this restaurant and have been going to their restaurant since I moved to Phoenix around '91 (two locations ago). However, I have taken countless people to try the food from my native country and EVERYONE has LOVED it.   From my vegetarian to foodie (or chowhound) friends have found something (usually more) that keeps them coming back. Many thank me for having introduce them to this jewel of a restaurant.  My favorite is the Mojarra Frita becaus it brings back memories of growing up in beautiful El Salvador.  I recommend the Especial Combinacion de Eliana's for first time visitors -- it has a Salvadorean tamale wrapped in banana leaf and is moist like a mousse; the tradtional pupusa and a savory turnover called Pasteles ($6).  For a hearty meal, the I recommend the Bistec (beef)  or Pollo (chicken) dishes that come with salad, rice, beans and Salvadorean tortillas ($8.95).. After reading some of the reviews, I just liked to say, thank you for trying out this food but it is not Mexican food.  I can recommend some of those if you msg me
Wonderful little place that was amazingly clean and friendly. We were greeted, sat ourselves, and then made the hard choice of what to order. The gentleman there was extremely attentive and friendly. We ordered one cheese Pupusa, one bean and cheese Pupusa, and something I cant remember the name of that was Plantain with Sour Cream and Beans. Food was delicious in it's own way. Not too impressed with the bean and cheese Pupusa but my sis just about died of the cheese Pupusa. The plantains were awesome, but the fried areas tasted a little too kin to onion rings for my taste. I love when you can taste the banana, with the cream and beans. Definitely will return to try the fajitas of shrimp with chicken.
I really like this place. We used to come here often and then didn't for a long time just because we weren't in the hood when they were open. The las two weeks I've been by and had a late lunch. The people that t=run this place are so genuinely nice. The ensalada drink is refreshing in this heat. I usually get a veg papusa and fried plantain. My husband had the chicken soup and loved it and then the chicken special and loved it. I'm so glad we went back.
I think I just don't like El Salvadoran food. It's either that or I accidentally consumed the cardboard and polymer display models in lieu of my actual entree. That was some seriously dry, bland food. Even tossing some watered down hot sauce on that pile of bland meat and carbs didn't really improve the edibility. I had the appetizer platter and the chicken with white rice and weird white sauce with a dry side salad. It was a bland, white platter of food. Plus, what's with the side salad of iceberg and radishes? Is it garnish? It's not dressed with anything and, you know, tastes just like a pile of lettuce.   Maybe I'm just an ignorant prick. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing. Maybe I just don't like El Salvadoran (although I love just about everything else Central American).   The pupusas were crazy delicious though. I would totally return for these. (And only these.)
We ate at Eliana's based on reviews we had read.  Since we had to be at Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport anyway, and, Eliana's was not far from the airport, we decided to have lunch.  It was wonderful and we highly recommend it.  Everyone was very friendly and the food was delicious.  There were 3 of us and we each had something different.  Every dish was fresh and flavorful.  The juice drinks (I wish I could remember the names) were very good.  We will definitely go back.
Went with the family and it was a good time with good food.  I enjoyed trying something new to me.  The tamarindo drink was AMAZING.  We tried the yucca appetizer, the green corn tamale appetizer, the fried plantain with bean and sour cream appetizer.  Really enjoyed all of them.  Can't say I could pick a favorite.  My husband had the chicken and sour cream and my son had the carne asada.  They enjoyed their dinner but I thought the appetizers I ate looked better.
I stopped in for a weekday lunch, and Eliana's was busy.  The server said, "I haven't seen you in a long time.  Do you want to see the menu, or do You already know what you want?"  I ordered my usual: dos pupusas con carne.  And flan, for dessert.  I am a sucker for a place that recognizes me.  I don't love everything on Eliana's menu, but I love these things.  The pupusas arrived at my table piping hot.  I use all of the cabbage salad on top of them, and about half of the sauce.  Yummy goodness!  I've tried a few other things on their menu:  fried yucca (interesting) beans and cream for dessert (not so much).  I'll stick with what I know and love.  Plus, Eliana's is right down the street from my office, and the prices can't be beat.  One caveat:  I ordered my lunch to go once, and the packaging left a lot to be desired.  The sauce came in a baggie.
Since my dad is from Panama, he took me to this little restaurant just off of 24th st and McDowell. Since my parents instantly bond with anyone from Central, South America or that speaks Spanish, our service was very good. Although, the owner is very nice and would be cordial to anyone I am sure. My dad used to be a chef in his country but he doesn't cook anymore. When he does it is to die for, but you know men I guess, do something once and you love them for it only for them to never do it again. So it was with that retrospect that he ordered for the both of us.   The cuisines are somewhat similar to what we are used to and it is the use of yuca (aka cassava, manioc root) that stands out the most to me. (Yucca is an ornamental plant that does not have the root of the yuca and is commonly confused with Yuca.) On the menu for appetizers is Yuca frita o sancochada-which is basically the root fried or boiled. There is also the delicious papusas (thick, hand-made tortilla made from masa de maíz that is stuffed with cheese, pork, beans, and green bell peppers or you can get it vegetarian style without pork) that she brought to the table with the traditional curtido- pickled cabbage relish that you eat the papusas with. Then there is the tomato salsa that you can top that off with.  Altogether you could probably make a meal out of these papusas which are a pretty good post bar food if you ask me, but then you would be cheating yourself out of more food! Their fried plantains (starchy fruit) come with sour cream and beans but I like them the way I grew up with; eating them with just sugar sprinkled on both sides.   Some other meals for you meat eaters include:   Filete de Pescado a la Plancha (fish fillet on the grill) that comes with rice, salad and tortillas. Chicken breast on the grill, fajitas, chile relleno and of course quesadillas for dessert. Salvadorian quesadillas are not the same as Mexican quesadillas, it is a cheese pound cake. They also have plantanos fritos con crema y frijoles o con sorbet (fried plantain, beans and whipped cream or with ice cream), flan, or a banana burrito with ice cream.    Their fresh fruit drinks were really tasty as was the Tamarindo. Altogether a small menu but I felt like I was at home, so I will return and bring my gringo boyfriend with me.
I found Eliana's when I was on a quest to find pupusas. I am from So Cal and I really miss the easy access to authentic multicultural cuisines. Currently I am on a new quest. This one is to get my 6yo daughter to try more things beyond her usual chicken. I thought of Eliana's because a cheese pupusa is pretty tame and kid friendly. She flipped for the pupusas (plain cheese-no condiments) and the Ensalada de Fruta (pineapple) and I got to feed my craving.   Brought the hubby here as well and I am pretty sure he had Arroz a la Valencia. Hard to remember because it disappeared so quickly. Eliana's is a bit of a drive from our house, but it is becoming a family favorite nonetheless.  The service was good and quick. The food was hot, fresh and delicious. I highly recommend the Plantanos Fritos con Crema y Frijoles as either an appetizer or dessert. Too yummy! And yes, the decor is shabby but the prices are low - it all evens out as far as I am concerned. Though try to get a table instead of a booth - the booths are pretty uncomfortable.
Supporting local business with international flavor.  What's not to like?
Love this place. Service is always excellent-- it's usually the owner that waits on you. The food is wonderfully flavorful without using a lot of spice. Natural flavors are what makes this place tick.  I've eaten here many times, and my recommendation is that you just order every appetizer on the menu and forget the entrees. At least, the first time you go anyway... You'll want to try it all.  Very good food!
I eat at this restaurant about once per month, so I figure I should give them credit. If the food was horrible, I would have written a review a long time ago. (That makes me kind of a jerk, huh?)  So fair is fair. If your restaurant is terrible, I will report it.  This place is excellent. Ironically, today, the day I write this review, I went here "just for the ride." I was not feeling well and really didn't think I would be able to eat. So I just went to have iced tea.  The lady who waited on us (the owner?) heard me mumble to my companion that I wasn't feeling well. I'll just have iced tea, I told her.  In a motherly way, she said, "why don't you try some soup to make you feel better?"  So I agreed. Who can turn down soup?  It was delicious and I felt better after I ate it.  But since I've been here many times, the must-haves: plantanos fritos, yucca, papusas and the best iced tea in the world.
This place is fabulous.  We get the pupusa with just beans and cheese - so simple but so delicious.  The platano and yucca are also excellent.  The beans, alone, are worth the visit.  There are also yummy drinks.  We are a vegetarian family but we've brought meat eating friends and family there too - there is something for everybody and everyone has been pleased.  The service is so friendly and welcoming.  Go there!
Just a quick trip from Arcadia or Biltimore area  and you are eating Salvadorian cuisine. Reasonably priced, and large portions, with extras like a little bowl of chicken noodle soup to start you off.   Had a chance to speak with the owner and he gave us some background on the place and his daughters name is Eliana. It saddens me to go into a place like this at 7pm and not see it packed, when any given Fox Restaurant has a wait out the door. (Really PHX?)   Either way, go support this restaurant and your stomach. You will enjoy the food and atmosphere. Also the owner has come to our table everytime we have eaten there and said hi while  personally asking if everything is OK.  There is a dish with chicken and sour cream that has the word Favorito in the name, that is my fiancee's favorite.   Oh yah. And get down with some Papusas. You want be sorry.
The pupusas here are as good as the ones I got on the side of the road in El Tunco, El Salvador last summer. The only difference is those cost me 25 cents each while these are 20 times that. I guess that's what happens when you have to pass American health codes...
I used to go there for lunch before I retired. I brought my wife there a couple of times, and she loves it, but it's such a long way from our home.  This restaurant is always clean. There was an employee mopping the floor after the lunch crowd.    My favorite is the Arroz A La Valenciana. All the vegetables are fresh and the pupusas are excellent.
Loved this place.  The service was great, the restaurant was spotless, the food was really great and it was very affordable.  The Pupusa's were amazing!  I also loved their mango iced tea and the desserts were really tasty as well.
Really nice place to catch a reasonably priced dinner! From the outside it doesnt look all that special but dont let that fool you. Inside is clean and nicely decorated. Service is friendly and prompt. I had a grilled chicken breast served with peppers and onions with a sour cream sauce along with beans and rice...thumbs up to the dish! Wouldn't hesitate to come back again soon!
Excellent food.  Everything was delicious and not at all greasy-tasting (which is unusually for foods like pupusas and friend plantains).  One of the best latin restaurants in AZ.
The pupusas are absolutely delicious! I'm a huge fan of the Bean and Cheese! Also, their rice was spectacular! It's been a long time since I've had a restaurant do rice right! I had the Orchata (which was very different than the Horchata that I'm accustomed to, but still delicious). I have a feeling I'll be trying the Ensalada drink next time.   As for the place, itself, I walked in and was immediately greeted by a person I can only assume was the owner. She was friendly but professional. Once she took my order, she got straight to cooking.   Overall, I was very impressed. This place is definitely going to become one of my regulars!
Decided to stop by after a recommendation from a family member, and I was not disappointed. I had a pupusa filled with meat and cheese, and arroz a la Valeniana, which is a rice dish with chicken and shrimp mixed in. Both were delicious. I will definitely be back to try some more dishes.
I took my boyfriend here for his birthday dinner. He's partial to latin american food since that's what his mom and grandma would make during his childhood.  We got there about 45 minutes before they were to close and we were greeted by whom, I can only assume were the owners. It was clean and reminded me a lot of the atmosphere from when I was vacationing in Belize.   I ordered the iced tea, which was extremely refreshing, and my boyfriend had the horchata. Their horchata wasn't bad, just less sweet than we've ever had before.   As for the food, we order 1 bean and cheese pupusa and one meat and cheese. I think the meat and cheese had more flavor, but the bean and cheese was still pretty good.  For our main meal, I got the bistec encebollado and my boyfriend ordered the carne asada. The bistec was delicious! It came with rice and beans and was smothered with the onion gravy. It also came with a small bowl of some other gravy-type food. It was a little gritty for my liking so I didn't  use it with anything.   I can't say what the carne asada tasted like as my boyfriend ate it all up before I had a chance to try it. But, it looked pretty amazing.   We'll definitely be coming back. And next time we'll bring friends and family so they can try it out too! Great place.
A favorite for excellent El Salvadoran food. Can't get enough of the pupusas, platanos fritos and horchata.
One of my worst experience ever my eating pupusas.  With that said the owner took our order and she was rude not friendly at all..... 1. She get the order wrong 2. She food was kind of cold 3. Seen like she didn't want to be there (she is the owner) found out she was the when I was paying the bill 4. She was trying to over charge the bill postings images of bill.   5. She never told us about the drinks weren't free refills  6. Got mad when I pointed out that the bill was added wrong  7. Slam the bill on the table when she corrected it. Even my girlfriend who is calm was shocked 8. When the bill the guy owner said sorry for the bad service When noticed I not happy
Had the $8.95 lunch buffet, which had a nice array of Peruvian dishes. I stuck with the soup, (white bean with ham that day,) chicken which was stewed in a sauce, rice and beans and the rice with seafood. I also ordered a side of Platinos fritos (delicious sweet plantains!) Rather than having people serve themselves form the buffet, the food is behind a glass and someone serves you whatever you want.  The food was tasty and the waitress was great. They also have a full menu of various dishes that I would go back to try. Most items on the menu are $9 and up.
I'm a big fan of family owned restaurants, especially ethnic, so you can only imagine my excitement when I found a Peruvian restaurant here in the desert.  Sad to say, this is one restaurant I will not be returning to.  The food was bland and lacked flavor.  It almost like they ran out of "ALL SPICES" right before we ordered (yes including salt and pepper).  To start of we ordered an appetizer, the Papa a la Huancaina, sliced boiled potato served at room temperature covered with a cold, bland, bright boldish yellowish colored hollandaise/mayonnaise sauce. Let's just say it was a start to a bad meal.  For the main course we ordered the Lomo Saltado, generous chunks of beef sauted with onions, tomatoes, and potatoes which sad-to-say was probably the best dish we had.  The dish was uninspiring, something you could find at a sit-down chain restaurant.   Nothing about the dish screamed Central American flavors.  We also had the Jalea, a combination of breaded octopus, shrimp, and chunks of fish fillet topped with a Peruvian Salsa (a.k.a. your standard chunky and fresh pico de gallo, (tomatoes, onions, cilantro, and lime juice)). I have never in my life had something that was breaded and deep-fried so soggy in my life!!!  The breading was heavy and disgusting.  It also came with the worst plantains I've ever had.  Dry, overcooked, and extremely chewy.  Put it this way, I've had better plantains at Bahama Breeze then this place (yes I said Bahama Breeze).  I am not trying to pick on this place.  I swear!!!  But when the owner's brother helps you order and tells you what they are known for and what they make best and they miss horribly?  Well, needless to say I can only imagine what there non-staple dishes taste like.  Not to beat up on these nice folks too much.  They place was cute.  The place was painted in a vibrant yellowish/brownish mustard type color, which gave the place a warm and bright feel.  On one wall was a mural of what was to resemble a village in Peru.  The other wall was a collection of trinkets from the native land and of course the flag of Peru.  The servers were extremely nice.  Beware, when you order water, they bring out bottled (and charge you), so if you want tap you need to ask and depending on your Spanish or their lack of English, that may be a challenge.   I hate to say this because the place was quaint and the help was friendly, but if you have a craving for Central American and/or Peruvian food, don't waste your money or time here. I'm just going to wait till the next time I'm back east in NY or DC/Northern VA to get real and tasty Peruvian food and I would suggest you do the same.
Pales in comparison to the Peruvian food I ate in Port Chester, NY, but unfortunately, it's all we have in AZ.  The food is not bad, but it leaves something to be desired.    I've been here twice, and I don't remember what the dish I had the first time was called, but it was steak, a fried egg, rice, plaintains, and french fries.  It was filling, delicious, and the steak and egg were cooked perfectly (juicy and runny, respectively).  The second time, I had the Jalea, which I was not particularly impressed with.  The corn juice beverage is also very good and unique.    If you go, be prepared to spend an hour and a half there.  It sometimes takes awhile to cook the food, and they don't exactly operate at lightning speed.  They're pretty laid back, which, I think, can be a good thing.  Their flan is also very good.  They sold me an entire pie for a very reasonable price of $18.  Note: Closed Mondays.
We loved this place!  My daughter and I came here twice last trip and had great food and service both times.  I'm from San Diego and usually figure why order seafood from places that aren't even near the ocean?  But the Seafood Brochette was just wonderful.  I had the Blue Corn Drink the second time I came here and it was very sweet but good.  Unique.  Unfortunately when I finally got here this trip I found it to be closed and totally empty.  I was very disappointed.  I had beeen looking forward to coming back here.
I remembered the blue corn drink and the fried corn kernels. I vowed to go back the first time because of the two items mention above and finally made it back years later today.   I wanted ceviche, so of course I consulted yelp. Then decided to stick with my original plan to revisited Rincon after driving by it the other day.   So I ordered the mixed ceviche, fried plantains, the corn drink and flan. Yes alot of food. But wait this $18 to go order could stretch into 3 meals, that is if the ceviche wasn't so good. I ate my first serving while fixing my plate before I sat down to eat. I warmed corn tortillas to go with, what a waste of time. The ceviche comes with a big kernel very starchy corn, yam and potato all of which are simply cooked and were served at room temperature. I really didn't need the tortillas or the plantains...   BUT I love fried plantains and these were good!  The sugar from the fruit carmalized, sticky and tasty.  Are plantains fruit?    OK,  I'm already planning my next visit to Rincon's and to my frig  for round two.         So I already answered the ultimate question.  Would I go back?  Yes tomorrow.   Well more likely next week.  Peace
If you haven't been to this place - go! Seriously. It's amazing. It's the best little hole-in-a-rundown-strip-mall you can find. And it's cheap!  Nestled between stores like Big Lots and some electronic place with Mexican ranchero music blasting, this tiny place is hidden in the corner. The owner is from El Salvador, so don't expect it to be Mexican food -- there are many similarities, but the dishes themselves are different. Walking in, you can smell the homemade pupusas -- seriously, it smells like the roadside stands along the bus routes in central America. It's amazing. There are only a couple waitresses, and I don't think they speak much English, but the menu is in pictures, as well as in Spanish and some English, so you should do just fine.  Get the pupusas - they're like thick, hand-made tortillas stuffed with either pork, cheese and beans or, my favorite, cheese and loraco flower, which is some green and edible plant that tastes a bit like asparagus, to me. It's definitely the best one. These things come with salsa and some coleslaw (if they don't, just ask for the salsa) and are very filling! The other dishes are really good, too. For a low price, you can get an entire plate of things like meat with rice and beans - and this place doesn't skimp on the fixin's. They put slices of fresh tomatoes, avocado and all kinds of other stuff on the plates. I honestly LOVE it here. If you want to avoid the crowds, come at an off-hour... then you can just sit, relax and watch the telenovela on the TV in the corner. For dessert, pick up a piece of the cheese pie near the cash register. I can't recommend this place enough!
Yes!! I have been sneaking Salvadoran nostalgia here for several years. Besides the eye-rolling pupusas, the platanos con frijoles y crema is definitely worth it.  I am a regular appetite, 40 yr old woman & if I just order 1 pupusa, I can finish the plantain dish. :)
I've been to this restaurant twice in three days.  My niece and I went on Sunday my suggestion after reading a review in new times. My niece decided she couldn't eat there as soon as we entered. I ordered a bean and cheese pupusa and a chili relleno. The chili relleno was stuffed with a ground or cubed meat. I didn't expect the meat so I pushed it over to my niece to nibbled on.  The pupusa was good, the beverage I ordered was super sweet.... So I went back today. Again I ordered the bean and cheese pupusa, it wasn't as good as Sundays. I also ordered a dish that was very similar to a tamale, it was wrapped in a leaf and was stuffed with cheese. IT was very good.  I also ordered the plantains with cream and beans.   The beans were very soup, traditionally so? I don't know and didn't care for them regardless.  I  have no real reference for Salvadorian food so ...    I've had similar tamale type dishes wrapped in banana leaves, this version was very good but I must say not the best I've had. I will eventually go back to try the ceviche.   I'm not in a hurry.  I'm posting my review with a bit of reluctance.  My experience was not what I expected and doesn't fall in line with the reviews posted here or the review a read in new times.  Again my experience with Salvadorian food is limited.  So plesae consider my two cents with a bit of salt!  Peace!
Wow, not what we were expecting at all. But that's a good thing. The restaurant would qualify as a "Dive" in most circles, a tiny 20 seat affair with recycled refer units as cabinets located in the corner of a strip mall with a 99 cent store and a BigLots. Not exactly a high-end neighborhood.  But after having heard of this little cafe in The New Times and finding that Phoenix Magazine rated their Ceviche and Shrimp salad as one of the Valley's top 50 dishes, we decided that we must give it a try! The article in New Times raved about something called a Pupusa and description sounded familiar, once we were there I realized why.  Every culture on earth seems to have developed some form of stuffed hand pie. You know the formula, a regional bread or pastry dough, formed into a pocket and stuffed with savory or sweet fillings. Food on the go. Well in El Salvador it's called a Pupusa, and they were delicious!  A kind of thick corn tortilla type bread, filled with several different types of  fillings, pork and cheese, beans, chicken and cheese, beef and cheese or beef, bean and cheese.  Now this is NOT your typical Arizona/Mexican food. The cheese is a freshly made cheese that is a Salvadoran tradition and is one of the best fresh cheeses I have ever had, smooth and soft yet very flavourful. The tortilla is not what you might be used to either, they are corn tortillas but they are not the course chip like corn tortillas so prevalent in Americanized Hispanic foods. They are thick, soft and delicious. It is this tortilla that is the basis of their Pupusas.  Don't expect to find the standard "Mexican Restaurant" re-fried beans here either. Spicy, flavourful and smooth, having been mashed right after cooking, they are among the best example of simple yet wonderful tastes you will experience here.  We had some of all of the different Pupusas offered on the menu which are priced very reasonable indeed, and were impressed with all of them, though the pork and cheese and the bean were my personal favorites.  We also had a corn tamale that was sweet and moist and tasty, rolled in a banana leaf instead of the corn husk we are used to. Perhaps that is why it was so much more moist than your average corn tamale.  To finish off our repast we enjoyed the fried plantains, actually an appetizer on the menu, they were crispy on the outside and starchy and tasty inside. Served with freshly made salsa and the Salvadoran version of Crème Fraîche that was also a hit.  The owner was our server and I am still not sure she spoke much English, but she was very nice to us and the orders were always right. As well as very very hot! I had to let my Pupusas sit a few minutes before they were cool enough to consume, and a word of warning, Plantains retain heat even better than potatoes do so proceed carefully.  As I've said the Ceviche and Shrimp salad is an award winner and the Carne Asada that the folks at the next table had ordered looked delicious. However I could not ask their opinion as they did not seem to speak English either and my Spanish is worse than terrible. But they seemed to be enjoying it, I'll give it a try next time.  They serve breakfast too and I can hardly wait to give that a try as well.  Stop in, you'll be glad you did.
It was blind luck that I stumbled across ceviche over 10 years ago as a young lad living in Los Mochis, Sinaloa.  Since then it has become a signature dish in my heart and I've gone out of my to find restaurants whose reputations are tied to this savory dish from the sea.   I was excited when I recently read a piece in Phoenix Magazine lauding the ceviche of Salvadoreno as one of the essential dishes of the valley.  I soon headed east to determine whether or not this dish would rival my favorite versions of the dish; the beach side shack outside of Topolobompo and the Halibut Ceviche of the Foundry Grill up at Sundance in Utah. We were greeted by the friendly yet chaotic smile that it so common with Latin American dives.  We quickly ordered some horchata, very strong, and some pupusas, above average, before we prepared to dine the reason for our visit. I certainly wasn't disappointed.  My only real hang up was their interpretation of what a portion should be.  The dish could serve 4 people without a problem.  The ingredients were standard to ceviche and all tasted very fresh.  The only slight difference was that the shrimp on top were grilled.   We finished the meal with Nuegados de Yuca con miel, fried but not too heavy, and called it a meal.  While it wasn't the best ceviche it was certainly among the top tier.  The restaurant is just close enough to warrant a semi regular visit.  A great place that deserves your attention.  Just remember that when you order the ceviche bring a friend or three along for the ride.
Discovered this little hole in the wall while pinging my Yelp Blackberry app looking for adventure (and lunch).  It is close the the Southeast Annex of the Maricopa County Superior Court.  If you are interested in some good ceviche, this is a great place to go.  The ambiance is definitely humble.  The restaurant is situated in the corner of a strip mall containing a dollar store, a rent to own place, and a pawn shop.  Upon walking into the restaurant, I immediately noticed it was clean, and that there was no overpowering smell of seafood; both were good signs.  I was confused as to whether I should order at the counter, or sit down at a table.  (Silly gringo.)   If you are dining in, sit down at a table and they will bring you a menu.    The Diet Coke I ordered was brought to my table in a can with a glass of ice.  It appears that they have Mexican (cane sugar) Coke in glass bottles for those of you so inclined.  The menu had quite a few seafood choices.  There were also other items on the menu that i was not familiar with.  Salvadoran food is similiar to, but different from Mexican food.  Note that the pictures of the food on the menu do not do the actual food justice.  I ordered the ceviche and after a 10 to 15 minute wait, I was brought a very large plate piled with ceviche on top of lettuce ringed with tomato, cucumber, and avocado, and topped with grilled (hot) shrimp.  I was also brought a small bowl of chips.  This was a little different than the way I have had ceviche served in Mexican restaurants.  I am not sure if this is Salvadoran, or just this restaurant's unique take on ceviche.  I picked the grilled shrimp off the top with my fingers, squeezing off the tails.  I then dug into the ceviche with the chips unti I ran out of chips.  With the chips gone, I picked up my fork and finished the dish including the lettuce.  Everything, seafood and veggies,  was fresh and tasty.    The serving was extremely generous.  I left with a very happy panzita.  I will definitely be back to try some of the other items on the menu.
after writing this review I was contacted by mangt w/a very nice letter apolgizing for the mis communication  between the server and us  and explaining the dishes we ordered ..my mis conseption of the beef dish w/eggs my wife had. Any business that takes this kind of action to make sure it's patrons are satisified deserves 5 stars!!!!!!!!! WE WILL BE BACK       THANKS
went  this morning for breakfast the woman who was there looked at us like.....how did you get in here, not the most friendly reception (she did not speak english so when i tried to order a side i got the blank stare) after giving us the death stare she turned and walked away usually I would tend to walk out but I have had this place on my list to try for awhile.after we took a seat she brought us menus there are only 5/6 breakfast to choose from I had the scramble w/blk beans and plantains the plantains were o.k. but i have had much better much to greesy, wife had shredded beef w/scrammble she said it was good i thought the beef was dry, all and all it was a decent breakfast but not inexpensive for what you get. will not go back for breakfast but will defenetly go try lunch or dinner
This place could be called a dive, but it's clean and cheerful inside. Tried pupusas (pork and cheese) for the first time and thought they were on the bland side but still enjoyable (the weak red salsa didn't add much). But the beans were excellent, smooth and soupy, just a touch too salty, but not in a bad way. I ended up dipping the pupusas in the beans and thought they were both perfect that way (next time I will order bean pupusas). The little salad of slightly pickled cabbage was fresh and good, reminded me of kimchi without the heat. I will definitely go back and try other things.
Loved it!! came back twice... authentic pupusas, I'm only reviewing pupusas, i have not tried other dishes. P.S. I'm Salvadorean so I'm good critic ;)
Initially I went to this place for the tamales which were recommended by a coworker who is from El Salvador. Someof the people in my office also said that they were amazing (and I trust their opinions).  So I went in looking forward to that and ended up ordering all the pupusas as well. I must say I'm not a big fan of the tamales, they are too moist for my taste. The banana leaves do give a great flavor though. The true stars are the pupusas, which I had never had before and have since become addicted too. I literally order at least 6 for myself every time I go now. They are asininely delicious!!! I grab a large bite of pupusa and some of the curtido (a kind of slaw-ish awesomeness) and just chow down. Beware the post-lunch coma though as eating that many will knock the average person on their ass. This brings me to my one bone to pick with this stripmall gem, their coffee sucks! I was expecting super-strong coffee with mud at the bottom when I ordered the cafe listo but it tasted like gas station coffee. They didn't even have any milk, just powdered non-dairy nonsense...  I'm already a diehard fan but if they stepped up the coffee I would pretty much call it my mecca. This is the kind of food that makes all seem right with the world...  Holy Shit!!! I almost forgot about the ceviche! It's a little pricey but it is soooo worth it. I split it with one of my people at work and ended up sharing it with the whole office......very much against my will. People thought it looked so good they just kept poaching forkfulls off my plate. Definietly a must have dish
although this location is no longer open, i LOVE the food here. i do wish they spoke more english though....
Pupusas?? As a hardcore Mexican food enthusiast I was intrigued by the concept but barely able to figure out how this fascinating dish was pronounced.  I am proud to say that I am a HUGE fan of pupusas now.    Salvadoreno popped up in a search of mine to find a low-key, nice Sunday night place to relax and enjoy some food.  It definitely was worth the visit to an interesting part of Mesa.  The restaurant is very similar to a lot of Mexican food restaurants anyone who has lived in Phoenix will be familiar with.  One room with several tables and a counter with interestingly-named dishes posted behind it.  The waitress was very friendly, but I will say that knowing a little Spanish helped.  My girlfriend and I both ordered the Pupusa combo platter, real risky based on other reviews - I know.  I went with Pollo and the revuelta mixed with pork, cheese and beans.  She had the chicken as well with carne asada.  This little dish is fantastic!  I think next time I'll just stick with getting two pupusas because I was extremely full and did NOT need to add rice and beans to the mix (although those were good too.)  The only disappointment was the fact that Independence Day was on the TV in Spanish, but the volume was too far down to hear.  I'd love to hear the voice-over actor for Will Smith busting out a "Bienvenidos a Tierra, P***!"  On a more serious note, I look forward to heading back here as soon as possible.  I'd love to try the Ceviche, as it's on the Best of Phoenix list, and there are a few other dishes (think breakfast) that looked intriguing.
I really wanted to like this place because is close to my house. I am sad to report I was not impress.  These is what i order:  2 corn tamales with cream (very delicious) 4 pupusas ( the pupusas were delicious but the curtido and salsa were awful not spicy or tasty at all). If you are a fan of this kind of food the curtido is so important and it was so bad that it tasted old. 2 horchatas (it tasted more like water with sugar) they could do a better job at this.   I would go back to this place for corn tamales only.
While a much broader diversity of world eat's is sometimes lacking in the greater Mesa area, there is zero lack in diversity of Latin and Hispanic influenced food.  Salvadoreno definitely stands out based on its uniqueness (it's 1 of 1 restaurant serving Salvadorian cuisine in Mesa, and accounts for 3 of the 5 noted Salvadorian places in Phx).   Everything on the menu looks pretty great, but I decided on the 3 Pupusa Combo (1 steak w/cheese, 1 chicken w/cheese, & 1loroco flower w/cheese).  With the rice & beans, this makes for a sizable meal.  Each of the Pupusas was a little different, and topping them off with a little bit of the provided spiced tomato sauce and pickled cabbage, onions, & carrot mixture made the flavors even better.  Combined with a Mexican Coke, my total was around 10 bucks.  I'm definitely looking forward to heading back for the tamals, and homemade flan!
I stumbled upon this restaurant when performing a Yelp search for Ceviche in Mesa the other day.  I was a little skeptical due to some of the low ratings, but we decided to enter the humble looking venue, in the primitive looking strip mall.  We were immediately greeted and seated by a lovely hostess / server. She was extremely attentive and informative, as we were not familiar with Pupusas or much of the other Salvadorian Cuisine.  We ordered and shared the Shrimp Ceviche, which was garnished with fresh Avocado and Cucumbers. The freshly fried tortilla chips were very tasty, and the ceviche was a little more on the sweet side vs. the typical intense lime flavor. It was very fresh tasting, and we both really enjoyed it.  We were given a lesson in what Pupusas are, and asked our lovely waitress to pick three of her favorite choices and send them out. She chose Carne Asada, Chicharon with beans, and the last one was not quite identified, but was very tasty.  Before bringing out the Pupusas, she dropped off a small bowl of a red sauce, and a bowl of spicy cabbage, which were meant to be used as toppings for the Pupusas.  We both thought that the Pupusas were very simple, yet tasty. The spicy cabbage and red sauce as toppings really added flavor to the Pupusas.  We were impressed with what we perceived to be authentic Salvadorian Cuisine, so we ordered one last dish.   We had to try the fried Plantains, served with a black bean sauce, and Crema. The plantains were fried to perfection with nice caramelization. The black bean sauce was interesting, and the cream was a little on the salty side, rather than sweet as I would have expected. It is small details such as these which led us to believe that the food was authentic.  Don't let the other reviews mislead you if you are looking for a fresh, authentic experience.   If you want a fancy location with beer and wine, then forget about it. This place is all about giving an authentic, down to earth, culinary experience to those who seek quality without the distraction of interior design.  :)
The drive from my apartment to this restaurant along Southern Avenue is an interesting 5 mile stretch.  We start near a retirement community, replete with 70-80 year olds who have absolutely no shame in flaunting themselves in speedos on a hot summer day on thereafter desecrated sidewalks.  Continuing on, a veritable gauntlet of strip malls appear offering all types of wares, services, in a strictly lower middle income suburbia.  The next area is a heavily hispanic area with nary an English sign in sight, besides Massage brazenly displayed along shaded glass storefronts.  Finally, our destination appears, and it is truly in an imposing corner, flanked by a Big Lots, great america, and a pawn shop, complete with a watchful security guard along the storefront.  In this truly welcoming environment, we damn near sprinted from the Red Dragon ( also known as my car ) into Salvadoreno.  And this is where the magic begins.  The legend of pupusa has been ringing in my soul for nearly an hour, and I was not about to leave without satisfying that call.  Never having had it before didn't prevent me from ordering 3 varieties, with the steak being my girlfriend's favorite, mine being the pork and beans, and the simple cheese coming in at a comfortable third.  Pressed pockets of incredible goodness inside a expertly pressed tortilla, was served with a mild salsa and curtido- spicy, peppery pickled vegetables.  Combining all of these components, I have abandoned my long-standing vow to hate all those who use bumper stickers and have been inspired to promote the cause, I love (heart symbol) pupusas.    As this was my first foray into Salvadorian food, I also ordered Lengua Guisada, which came as 3 slabs of stewed beef tongue, covered in a slightly sour tomato based sauce.  The sourness combined with the beef tongue's gamey texture I found very pleasing, but this was slightly below room temperature, and definitely marred my enjoyment of this dish.  Both of our entrees also came with pedestrian rice and watery black beans, with the latter being flavorful but far too liquidy.  I also had a cup of Sopa de Res con Chipilin with my entree, which tasted like countless other Sopa de Res elsewhere.    Pupusas were absolutely wonderful, but the full experience was marred by my weaker entree and the side dishes.  With that said, I will gladly challenge the land of hispanic / lower income / scary gun-wielding-guard-outside-a-pawn-shop again if only I can have once again the sublime experience of pupusa once more.
Like the other poster, we found this place via a Yelp "Nearby" search and were very pleasantly surprised.    This particular branch of this restaurant is tucked into the corner of a mostly deserted shopping center in a rundown part of Mesa and doesn't look like much from outside.    Inside is a different story.  The restaurant is fairly humble but immaculately clean and bright with a pleasant enough ambiance and the service was friendly and quick.    We had  a ceviche salad ($12.95) and a pupusa combination plate ($7.95).  Both were quite delicious and portions were huge.  If you aren't familiar with Salvadorean food, I'd recommend you start with the pupusa with loroco (an edible flower), which is the classic pupusa and extremely delicious.
Tried this restaurant with a groupon. Probably would not have, if I didn't have the coupon. Don't let the storefront and decor stop you from going in. The restaurant is super clean and the wait staff is very friendly. And the food, WOW!  We split the Shrimp Ceviche and the combination pupusa plate. The portions were very generous. I ordered the fruit drink. Everything was absolutely delicious. One of my new favorite restaurants . Will definitely be back.
I went here the other day, as I had a Deal Chicken for this place. I used to go to a really good Salvadorian restaurant in Seattle, and was excited to see there was one right near where I live now. So the BF and I got here at around 8 at night on a Sunday and it was actually pretty busy. This place is in a tiny strip mall that does not look like it gets much business, and I would have never seen it from the road, so it must be good to still be in business. So I ordered a pollo pupusa, a carne asada pupusa, and a polla tamale, and the BF ordered two bean and cheese pupusas and a carne asada pupusa and we split the pastelitos con papas y queso. Well, the pastelitos were pretty tasty, like fried mashed potatoes, and they came with a spicier cabbage slaw which I liked a lot better than the regular cabbage slaw for the pupusas. All of the pupusas were really good, my real problem was with the sauce. The red sauce that came with them was just kind of flavorless. The place I used to go to had some really good red and green sauces for the pupusas... it was kind of disappointing. Also, about 5 minutes after we got the pupusas, the waitress came by and said 'oh I forgot to tell you we don't have any tamales.' Well, that kind of sucks, why did it take til we were already in the middle of eating to tell us? Also, it screwed up the amount I was trying to spend (since I had 20$ to spend on the deal chicken) which I guess shows that this place is cheap, which is good, but for this particular trip that wasn't good. So we decided to order a dessert to replace the tamale. We got the empanadas de platano with sweet cream. So this was a big deal for the waitress, she had already totaled out the bill and for some reason it was a huge deal to add a dessert at the end (which I thought was weird, but felt guilty about giving her extra work). Anyway, the empanadas were ok, but I've had better. The sweet cream is in the middle of the plantain and it isn't all that sweet. Oh well, I would definitely come back here for some yummy pupusas and maybe try a different dessert next time, the central american quesadilla looked pretty tasty....
I am from hispanic decendency so I appreciate a good central-american-themed 'local joint'.  We went at dinner time and it was just us an another set of 'locals'.  We ordered popusas (3 or 4 different kinds) and I ordered the grilled tilapia (I can't handle that much grease).  The photo in the menu showed the tilapia REALLY large and plentiful.  What came out were 2 small (looked liked a total of ~3oz portion) fillets that were highly overseasoned with salt and some other flavors.  The handmade tortillas it came with were awesome... but that was it.  Since I had a disappointing portion of fish, I nabbed half of my husband's popusa and it was gooey and yummy but oh so greasy.  For sure I had a very upset stomach that evening from the grease.  Oh well.  So, the popusas are great if you are OK eating that much grease at once... but I don't recommend the fish just for it's over-salted flavor and misleading portion size.  I'm sure we'll return again one day in the future where I'll probably order 1 simple popusa (beans) instead of one that has too many fatty ingredients... and not the fish.
YES!   Thank you Salvadoreno for making my pupusa loving dreams come true! I just moved back to the valley after 6yrs away, having discovered and fallen in love with El Salvadorian food in the mean while. I was worried that I wouldn't find a good spot here as we some times lack in fine ethnic cuisine that isn't Mexican.   I was tickled pink last night to discover Salvadoreno in an unassuming strip mall in Mesa (they have 2 other locations around the valley). The food was blissfully authentic as was the price. They even suggested a deal on the menu for 20 pupusas for $30. I might add this place to my bi-weekly grocery shopping list. I can't say enough about how happy I was to get real El Salvadorian food that hadn't been taken over by the flavors of Mexico, U.S. or Arizona.   One of the family members who runs the joints was even there and everyone who worked there was quite friendly. I'm happy to support these guys.   I will definitely be returning.
This little hole in the wall has one tiny but powerfully delicious kitchen that brings out the best Pupusas I have ever tasted in my life..  the food is hot, freshly cooked and packed with so much flavor, the prices are so low that I feel if they raised the prices slightly and kept the same amazing customer service and fantastic kitchen work they could easily get a well deserved bigger and more contemporary place.  Regardless of the size, this place is wonderful, it's clean and the staff is so friendly and the food .. I just can't stop saying how delicious the food here is.      If you want to impress someone with a non pretentious hole in the wall wonder then this is the delicious place to introduce someone to their first most amazing Pupusa!
Salvadoreno Restaurant 303 E. Southern Ave Mesa, AZ 85202 480-964-5577  Having never eaten Salvadoran food before, I decided to try it, and am so glad that I did. This is totally different than Mexican food.  This is a relatively small restaurant, with a tiny kitchen, but don't let the size fool you - that tiny kitchen turns out some wonderful food. I noticed that I was the only gringa in the place - a good sign that the food is muy authenitico.  The waitress brought my drink along with a nice, crisp cole slaw type salad with some greens in it that I was not able to identify, but which gave it a nice flavor. Service is a little slow, but I attribute that to the fact that every dish is cooked to order - no steam tables here.  Next, was the main course. I ordered the Lengua Guisada ($9.95). Nice, big slices of tongue braised in a wonderful mild tomato type sauce, served with rice that had veggies in it, and small dish of liquified black beans along with two of the most succulent corn tortillas I have ever eaten. Instead of being crisp and crunchy, these were firm on the outside, and soft and tender on the inside. For the more adventurous, there is also hot sauce on the table. The flavors were all wonderful, and I used the corn tortillas to mop up all of the sauce on the plate. I would be lax if I didn't mention the fact the that food was served steaming hot.  I had to try the Pupupas, which are stuffed corn tortillas which are then grilled. I tried two different ones, and although I was entitled to get rice and bean with them, I opted not to have them because I was already getting full. The first Pupupas was stuffed with shrimp and cheese, and had a lovely texture and flavor. They have a tomato based sauce on the table that you can slather on your Pupupas if you so desire. I found that it really augmented the flavor and ended up using it on both Pupupas. The second Pupupas was shredded pork and cheese, and while tasty, wasn't up to the flavor profile of the camerones.  Unfortunately, by this time I was stuffed and had no more room to try anything else, but I will be back to try some more. Next time I want to try the Sopa de Pata/Mondongo, which is a hearty soup of heart and beef tripe, along with the Ensalada de Camarones Asados, which is a grilled shrimp salad.  It's hard to leave here hungry - you really would have to work at it!  Sanitation was good and the place is handicapped aware. They also will modify menu items to make them vegetarian.  I give them 4 stars for a really tasty meal that was muy authentico.
Pupusa trio is very filling. The carne asada was extra but the most flavorful of the bunch. The loroco flower tasted of pollen but the curtido and salsa eclipsed the flavor, but you can never have enough of those two things on any pupusa. The fried yucca was plain but the pork included was very tasty. The fried plantain was the best I've ever had, the cream gives an initial tart but then follows it with a carameled sweet that astounds the taste buds.
I had the pupusa with asada and cheese. It was delicious. I've had pupusa's many times before and these definitely satisfied my craving. The food was awesome. My girl had machaca and it was delicious. The service was good and the wait time for the food wasn't bad either. The place is a bit small so make sure you pick a table next to someone sexy, cause you might end up sitting very close to a stranger.
Papusas!  This is one of the few places that I actually have cravings for.  You can't go wrong with any of the papusa flavors (carne asada is my favorite followed by loroco flower) and the fried plantains are an excellent treat.  Eat the papusas topped with the curtido (coleslaw) and salsa, it really pushes the flavor over the top.
I have been driving past this intersection for years and never knew an awesome lil restaurant sat in the corner of the over sized strip mall.   I actually found out about this place originally at a Yelp event at the Arizona Science Center. They were handing out pupusa's. I never even heard of a pupusa before, but it was love at first bite. They handed out a coupon for buy one get one free pupusa that sat on my coupon board in the garage for almost a year.   When Abby was mentioning she wanted to eat some pupusa's, I was thinking no way I have a coupon for a place down the road!! So last week after being too lazy to cook, we hit this lil spot up. I had a bit of trouble finding it, so it's on the southwest corner of Mesa and Southern, in the corner of the plaza.   The inside reminded me of a mom and pop Filipino spot, except they had some Salvadoran channel instead of TFC and pictures of islands are replaced with colorful homes in El Salvador. There were some bomb looking things on the menu that we wanted to try but tonight was pupusa night so we got 6 of them with a few different stuffings. They were amazing!! Again, they turned into leftovers and still tasted hella good. The pupusa also came with some black refried bean side and some other side dish that I can't describe but was very good.   Oh and to wash it down, they have mexican sodas so I killed that import Coke right out the bottle.   Just like all the other mom and pop restaurants we have been visiting lately, the staff was extremely friendly and really went above and beyond. We for sure plan on going back to try more dishes and more pupusa's!
Yummy Pupusas.  I still can't get them to come out right at home, so I go here.
This place is awesome.   Did the two papusa lunch combo--steak and chicken-- with rice and beans. Everything was awesome, especially the chicken. I will definitely come back!  Edit:   Came back, tried the beans and cheese.  Delicious!!
Came here specifically because of the fantastic reviews here on Yelp. Unfortunately I learned that great reviews don't necessarily translate into great food. After making my way through the terrible construction on Mesa Drive, I pulled up to this true hole-in-the-wall place for lunch with my dad. Seeing nothing but Spanish on the storefront, I wasn't even sure if the employees would speak English. Fortunately my meal was made easier by the fact that the waitress did, in fact, know my language.   I started off with the Tamarindo drink, which had a similar artificially sweet flavor to Thai iced tea. I wasn't a big fan. I then ordered one cheese and one chicken pupusa. I didn't find either particularly tasty, and the food was very heavy. It kind of sits in your stomach after you eat it.   Overall, the service was fine and the divey atmosphere didn't really bother me, but the mediocre food means I can't give the place more than 3 stars.
A coworker and I went here a few weeks back...amazing! I had never had el Salvadorian food before. I am hooked. The owner was great...two white boys asking about the food and getting advice on what to order next AND he didn't skip a beat.
Great ceviche, friendly staff, and good service.  The only downside is the continuous construction on Mesa Drive makes getting in and out of the plaza a pain, otherwise I'd visit more.
I've never had a pupusa before, but it was an awesome thing to eat. A meat filled pancake? Yes, thank you! Well worth the fiasco of getting into the plaza with all the construction on Mesa Dr.
Authentic Home Style Cooking from El Salvador with a great tasting selection of delicious items to choose from their fantastic menu. Seafood, Meats, Appetizers, Salads, Pupusas and Traditional Entrees as well as Tasty Desserts. They even provide pictures that you can see of each of the dishes on the menu. Nice!  Inside is clean and tidy with fun items on the walls that give you the sensation of being in a little tucked away place in El Salvador. The service was very friendly and helpful when I arrived and when it was time to order. I saw some photos on Brother Yelp and showed a few to her and said I want this one and one of your famous Pupusas to test out.  Ordered the Churrasco Salvadoreño plate which is Steak, Shrimp, Sausage, Black Beans and Rice, Queso Fresco, Fried Plantain, handmade Tortillas and then some. Had to get a Pupusa and asked her what she recommend. She happily replied Pork, Beans and a Cheese or Revueltas con Chicharrón,Queso y Frijoles as shown on the menu. It comes with a delicious side of spicy cabbage and a very tasty red sauce that you put on top for some extra kick. Hotter sauce also available on the table if you are crazy like me.  Everything was packed with flavors and super good. This is not your typical Mexican style food. You must check it out to experience it. In the same complex as Family Dollar store in the deep corner. Yummo!  4.5 STARS
Pupusas! I love me some pupusas!  That's all that I have ordered from there so I can't comment on the rest of the food. They are delicious, they are made to order, or so it seems because it takes a while to get the food. I order the cheese and the chicharron with cheese, they are big enough that 2 fill me up.  Why only 3 stars then? They are inefficient when it comes to customer service and overall cleanliness of the place. Every time I visit there is a few dirty tables that remain dirty while I wait for my food to be served, and there is rarely more than a few customers at the same time, at least during the dinner times I have been there, their server's could not be any more unfriendly, as if you're disturbing their time by eating there. Sometimes there is a smell to the place that makes me question my decision to eat there. They have a rule of 1 dollar charge if you don't spend more than 20 dollars and pay with a credit card.
After reading the positive reviews I decided to give this place a try. By no means am I a Salvadorean food expert but I do like Pupusas.   I decided to try the chicken, cheese and combo Pupusas. Now comes the reason I gave the place 4 stars--the food had excellent taste but based on previous pupusa experiences these seemed a bit soggy. The portions are great and again I say the food prep and flavors were excellent.   A nice side if beans and rice completed my meal. I did indulge in a prepackaged flan and it was meh!   I would recommend this place based on the friendly service and great taste. Might retry and eat in and see if that makes a difference in texture.   Enjoy!
Came here with our family and there are only 5 of us. Ordered pupusas and fried plantain. It took a while before the food came out. This place is a hole in a wall but we were willing to try it out because of the good reviews here. We got our food...plantain was good. The shrimp pupusas was my fave amongst beef and pork. It was alright...had better.  We got the bill and noticed that they already included the gratuity. Coming from Vegas, I have no problem paying gratuity but for it to be included on the bill for 5 people?  That's unheard of. So I came up to the cashier to inquire about it, one of the girl from the cashier pulled out the menu and said, "that's our rule...six people or more we have to include gratuity". So I stood there a little confused until I came back to our table and my sis reminded me that there are only 5 of us. So I went back and asked the cashier that there were only 5 of us so she shouldn't include the gratuity. Then all of a sudden both girls that were in the cashier counter said that the rule was changed to 4 people. Mind you...this is within 2-3 minutes time frame, their rules changed from 6 people to 4 people. When I asked why they did not mention earlier that it was changed from 6 to 5...she kept on saying "call the manager" and was saying this rudely.
Really good pupusas. The carne asada was my favorite. We also tried the sampler platter. It was nice to try a variety I things. I would really recommend this place.
Food is great food is authentic and the service is nice. Nothing wrong at all. My fav place. I'm gonna try the fuego pupusas today
Pupusas are awesome. Tried all five, chicken, pork, and carne asada were my favorite.
Delicious! Had some bean with cheese, revueltas and chicharron pupusas. The salad drink wasn't the best but hey I finished it AALL! Will def b coming back
The service is slow.  I saw the 2 waitress carrying 2 bowls at a time.  I ordered chicken and mix (pork and beef) Pupusa's, but the only thing I can taste is the cheese.  My daughter ordered chicken that looked good but was raw inside. Call their attention to fix it. They re-fried the chicken but man it comes out overcooked.  The chicken is really hard and my daughter lost interest in the food.  Not everything was bad. I like their refried beans.
I have been coming here since they first opened. Seems like every year the Pupusas get smaller and the price gets higher. But I still enjoy their food.
The pupusas are amazing, and they're cooked fresh so it does take quite a while to get your food however it is worth the wait! I'll be bach.
Great food is authentic and the service is nice.  i been to the one at 75 ave  as well  all around great people
I went here based off reviews. But Sunday during brunch may not have been the most ideal time. The place was hot and muggy. The food was edible, but not to my standards of the good salvadorean food I am use to in Seattle. Beans were runny. Pupusas super greasy. Pork over fried. Not the best quality.  Service was polite yet minimal. Will stick to my Salvadorean place back in West Seattle.
Cuban food is not very plentiful in Phoenix, but Havana Cafe does a very good job of making it accessible, tasty, and fun.  If you're not sure what Cuban food is, think of a Spanish and Mexican hybrid.  The seafood paella is delicious and a stand out, but everything I've tried on the menu is at least above average.  The food is always consistent and the staff and atmosphere usually have a friendly vibe.  Check it out!
Being from New York, Caribbean food is always accessible.  My neighborhood there is mostly Dominican, and that's what you find more than anything else.  The southwest, logically, tends to lean heavily toward Mexican establishments.  Since I haven't been home for months, I was happy to read the reviews for Havana Cafe.  I got an order of picadillo to go.  It came with white rice, black beans, and platano maduro (Ripe plantain).  All were very good (ok, the picadillo wasn't quite as good as mine, but I'm partial to my own cooking).  My friend got a Cuban sandwich that was above average.  I thought the prices were average.  I'd definitely return to eat in the restaurant, which was comfortably decorated.  The girl who took our order was friendly and polite.  The Cuban bread she threw in for us was awesome.
Okay...so it was my first time having tapas, and it really makes me want more.  One star for service One star for atmosphere Two stars for delicious mouthwatering tapas.  My favorites were the cuban tamales, and fried plantains.  The others were good as well, but those particularly stood out in my mind.  The tamales were a delectable mix of sweet and salty but not too much of either as to make you sick.  It actually made you want more.  One star lost out because of price.  It's quite hefty on the bankbook... but for a once-in-a-while treat, it's highly worth it.  It's really good for a date if you want to impress him or her, and a day with the girls always warrants a neat little place like this.  I know there are other locations in town, but for some reason I've heard the one in Scottsdale is the best.  All I know is, I'll drive another 45 miles just to get those tamales again!
Havana Cafe is a fun little place -- live guitar music, yummy drinks, plastic chairs and fake plants that make me think I could be somewhere in the Caribbean... it's nice! My husband and I went here on Friday night. I hadn't been to a Havana Cafe for a while, although I used to frequent the one in Arcadia.  I got two caipirinhas, which were a little too sweet, but still tasty. Plus, it's not easy to find those drinks in Phoenix, so H.C. gets a star just for that! We had the fried plantains for an appetizer, which were just OK. But my dinner -- the vegetarian "cho cho" -- was great. It's chayote cooked with lentils and veggies and a "Jamaican curry sauce" over rice. Delicious and huge. My husband loved the mixed parrilla he ordered, too. For dessert, we ordered the flan and it was amazing. Definitely the best flan I've had in years. Not too sweet and the perfect consistency, and the caramel sauce that it came with had this great kind of creme-brulee flavor.  Havana Cafe was definitely better than I remembered it being! The only downside is that the service was sort of slow. We didn't mind, because we weren't in any hurry, but I could see where it might be annoying if you had somewhere else to be.
The reason I gave 2 stars is mainly due to price. I found Cafe Havana rather pricey. $17 for Ropa Vieja, is expensive in my book. It was good, though, but not $17 good for stewed beef on white rice. They did have a varied menu of South American, Caribbean, and Central American dishes that all looked quite tasty. I tried one of my dining companions red fish with a Veracruz type sauce on top. It was huge, but a bit bland. Overall, it is a unique place, but I'd only go again if someone else paid. I live in Dallas though, so the chances of me going again are slim to none. In Dallas, we have a few similar type restaurants but not with as much varietycas Cafe Havana.
I ended up grabbing dinner at Havana Cafe because my first choice for dinner was closed on Sunday. Even though it wasn't my first choice, I'm glad I ate there.   When I was looking at the menu, I saw that they still had their holiday menu up. I asked the waitress about the availability of the holiday menu and she informed me that the only thing they didn't have on the menu was the thing that I wanted the most - lechon (suckling pig). Seeing how I was already there, I was debating between the arroz con pollo or the pierna de puerco asada. I chose the pierna de pureco asada because it was probably the closest thing to the lechon on the menu.   Now I'm not an expert on cuban cuisine, but I have enough confidence in my palate to know when something tastes good. I thought that the pork was cooked fairly well (if it was up to me, I'd like my pork a little on the rare side, but I know that this is not a very popular thing in restaurants), it tasted good and there was plenty of food. I was surprised that the black beans and rice was as good as it was. Usually I'm not a big fan of beans, but I could probably eat these everyday.  The service was superb. Our waitress was helpful answering our questions and was very friendly.   I wish I had more room in my stomach to try more items on the menu. I'd highly recommend this place!!
UPDATED 7/15/10 I used to love this place! The food was always amazing as was the service.  It had been 6 months since I ate here so for my fathers 77th birthday I decided to take him here.  The Paella was out of this world last time...one of those dishes you never seem to forget.  Now I wish we could forget last night.    We first ordered the potato meatball dish which was still very good.  We also ordered a tamale---no taste!  To get to the point, the food was very blan.  It seemed like the quality of the food bombed badly.  The seafood in the paella was DRY. We barely touched our food but our server didn't notice.  The busser took our food for us but on the comment card in the credit card book I put that the food was below average.  The server, who was very nice was concerned and said she would look into it...but didn't take anything off of our bill.    Now I have been a server and bartender and I had people eat all thier food and then complain.  Not the case here...we left hungry.  sad! I won't be dining here ever again.  Not for $77    Original------ Food and service was A++.  My only complaint was the seating and chairs.  They use plastic chairs--like cheap lawn chairs.   You must have the Cuban coffee.
South Beach Miami broke my mojito virginity years ago. So I am spoiled. Havana Cafe' has the BEST Mojito in Phoenix! And the food ain't bad either!
I had lunch there the other day with some co-workers. I had the San Jaun platter, which had a variety of Puerto Rico dishes. It had such a diverse mix of flavors and I enjoyed it very much. Granted, I was so hungry at the time, I am sure that anything would have tasted incredible.   The tables and chairs are a little jank, but I let that one slide. The waiter and wait staff were very attentive and courteous. I would love to try dinner and experience the tapas menu.   The background latin music playing somehow makes your hips start a movin...seriously. It will happen to you.
Authentic Cuban food. As good as you'll find in Miami or at my house. However I would suggest you skip the appetizers (except the tamales or fried yuca) and go right to main courses. The fried pork chunks and ropa vieja are the very best selections. The Mojitos are very good as well. Skip the desserts and go to Cold Stone instead.
I am a sucker for a good Mojito.  I heard they had good Mojitos so I made a trip.  I enjoyed the food, the environment was pretty nice and of course the drinks we amazing!  I was a little taken aback by the fact that they seat you in cheap plastic lawn chairs however, the rest of the experience was great!  I will be back....
I've only been to Havana Cafe twice, but both times it's been delicious. This is authentic Cuban served by wonderful staff. I've only been for lunch and both times it was fairly quiet. I believe the real charm to Havana Cafe will be at night when the Mojitos are flowing and the music is rocking. Can't wait to try it out.
Good food, nice music.  Very friendly staff.  Especially enjoyed the fried chicken and the appetizer of crushed plaintain and pork cracklings.  Very large portions and very reasonable prices.
The other day, had a lunch from there.   No, didn't eat at the restraint, but we picked up a very sizable lunch for a family reunion. The lady that helped us was very gracious, and accommodating. I know, how can someone helping with take out be accommodating, because, my sister, being the wild and crazy type (and to accommodate her husband) ordered 12 Pasteles uncooked, just as raw as can be. Why, so he could freeze some for Thanksgiving. That's the Puerto Rican in him. A holiday is better when it reminds you of childhood.   The food was excellent, the Ropa Viejo nice and tender. The Paradise Pork (I think that's what it was) was also very good. And didn't taste like a pig. (The only good part of a pig for me is the other food group: BACON!)   And we all discovered deep fried plantains, excellante'.   Dessert was rich, sensual, wonderful and sexy!
My boyfriend and I stopped by here a couple Saturday's ago for dinner.  I was interested in trying it because I love Cuban food and had read good things about it on Yelp.    I liked that it was different from your typical dining-out fare.  We got a sampler and some tapas and a salad to share.  The black bean fritters were good and the plantains were as expected.  What I wasn't fond of was that the texture of nearly everything we had was the same (except the salad).  There was a slight "mush" feel to everything and the spices were all similar in taste.  The sangria was OK and the Mojitos were good...by no means the best I've had.  I had the flan with a pumpkin sauce for dessert and if you are craving something sweet and not too heavy, I'd recommend it....but don't expect it to knock your socks off.  The waiter forgot to put in our salad order so after asking about it he rushed and served it last.  We ended up taking it home since we were too full to eat it there.  All in all, an OK place to go for something different.  The food is good but not spectacular.  A little pricey but you do come away stuffed so the value is OK.  Worth giving it a try and going back on occasion.
Fantastic! The black bean fritters were as good as everyone said and I loved the Pork Paradise. My boyfriend had the ropa vieja and loved it.  He also thought the black bean rice mixture was the best he ever had!  The sangria was good, but the mojito was the best! Highly recommend!!!  If I am ever back in Scottsdale, this place will be on the list!
Great food! Got a coupon off Groupon to try this place - yummy is all I can say...delicious food with a menu with something for everyone. Had the fried plantains and bean dip as appetizer - great change of pace from chips and salsa. The main courses were phenomenal and the rice pudding was the best ever. Try it!!! Little pr icy but very good and unique food - wonderful wonderful service!!
Came here while on vacation over New Years. The food was delicious. Tons of vegetarian options. Yam soup, lentil stuffed chillies, plantains and black bean dip. A week later and I'm still salivating over the lentil stuffed pepper. The covered outdoor patio with a fireplace adds a nice ambiance.
Authentic Cuban food for a great price.  I was shocked to see the bill was so low when the waiter brought it to me. Great Mojito as well. Maybe the best in PHX!
I purchased a groupon for HC just after Christmas and decided to go back. THe one time I had been here before had just been kinda meh, but I LOVE cuban food and wanted to give it a second try.  It was just as I remembered. Blah and bland and pretty boring. We had the plantain chips with black bean dip for an appetizer and it was quite lacking in flavor and temperature. A cold bean dip with hot chips? Weird. Next our entrees- Chicken cubano for me-the chicken was pretty good but the onions on top were kind of sweet and just didnt work for me, a person who adores onions 99.9% of the time.  I had a glass of the red sangria which was probably the best part of the whole meal, rivaled only by the one man band providing the entertainment. I think I'm out from now on.
I had a great meal here with friends from Florida. They said it was not as great as Florida Cuban food, but then again, we're in the desert, what do you expect?!?! Everyone agreed that the food was tasty, and it came out quickly. I ordered a sampler platter for dinner which had a Cuban tamale, tostones, fried pork, some vegetable croquettes and some really tasty rice and beans. I have no complaints and would go back any time to taste more of the menu.
Can't believe I haven't reviewed this place before.  Wifey and I really enjoyed it.  I'm sorry a previosu reviewer did not enjoy the cold bean dip with hot chips - I thought that was a very interesting dish with the temperature being used to accent it.  It's been too long since we ate there for me to recall the specifics.  I do remember that the mojito was very good - perhaps the best I have had in Phoenix.  Don't let the strip mall location fool you.  The decor is a little odd as I recall, striving for Havana I guess.  But comfortable enough and made up for by the food.  Not cheap, by any means, but definitely worth a visit.
What a pleasant surprise - to find an authentic Cuban restaurant in the state of Arizona!!!!  I had the typical beef plate with rice and beans and maduros.  I've been thinking about the maduros all week long!!!! Pretty standard Cuban food and it was excellent.  It lead me to ask the waitress where the owners are from - one is from New York and the other Cuba which is why the food is really really authentic.  We topped the food off with a really good pitcher of sangria while a Cuban band played live Cuban music in front of us.  For me, this was a 4 star night.  This is a very casual place  My only complaint is that it is sort of pricey.  Two entrees, a half pitcher of sangria and 2 appetizers was over $80.   We'll absolutely go back again!!!
Hands down the BEST mojito I have ever tasted... and this is coming from someone that was never a fan of the drink. I ordered the lobster empanaditas and they were tasty. The sauce was perfect. I enjoyed the authentic atmosphere and live music - - it really did feel like I had been whisked away to Cuba. The service wasn't bad, but they did forget to bring a few things that were ordered - - we were a large group though so I'll be a bit forgiving. If it happened again it'd be an issue. I think everyone should take advantage of this restaurant being in the valley. It's great.
Never been to Cuba... probably don't ever wanna go to Cuba... so I don't know why such an intense craving to try Cuban food came over us on a random Friday night; but it did. Enter Havanna Café... the best/most reviewed Cuban place on Yelp in the greater Phoenix area.   We went to the Scottsdale location which is nestled in a random little strip mall... if you didn't know any better you'd probably assume it's some no frills neighborhood diner, but how wrong you'd be... just beyond those stucco walls is a nice quaint Cuban restaurant with dozens upon dozens of dishes most people have never even heard of before.   We were sat down right next to a live Cuban band... bongo drums and all... they were belting out some pretty groovy tunes. The main singer had a deep scratchy voice and a heavy Cuban accent... and he said 'wooooooooooow' a lot... this combined with the décor of the place really did make it feel like you were really in Cuba, very fun! We decided to order a schmorgisborg of stuff... what follows is a list of what we got along with a brief description:  Calypso Chips - Fried Plantains w/ black bean dip... damn good... good chips and salsa alternative.   Frituras de Frijoles Negros - Deep fried balls of black beans w/ avocado dip... heavenly.  Dátiles con Chorizo - Chorizo stuffed dates wrapped in bacon... very unique flavor.  Papa Rellena - Meat stuffed in a ball of fried potatoes in a bed of cream sauce... pretty decent though a bit rich.   Tamal Cubano - A Cuban ground corn tamale with pork and other random goodness, it was alright but not quite good enough to specifically recommend.    Potage de Frijoles Negros - A black bean soup... a little too 'beany' if that makes any sense. Made a good dip for the black bean balls though.   On top of all that we tried a couple of imported Cuban sodas... both were pretty different, but tasted great. The meal was very fun... flavors were all over the place; if you're a fan of trying new things then this should be high on your list. The Tapas section of the appetizer is quite extensive and you can easily make a fun and varied meal by getting nothing but appetizers.   This place is easily recommendable for any of the more adventurous foodies out there; you'll have a lot of fun at this place trying some new things. For us, this place was more of a novelty, to try once just for the experience... but depending on your pallet I could see this place swooping in a stealing a lot of business from other more bland Mexican and ethnic restaurants nearby.  4/5.
Fun place. A little over priced but the portions were big. The music was amazing!!!! The fried plantains were great and the eggplant dish was the best thing on the menu. Great fun for a birthday. If you are an organic head like me then you may not dig it and bring a lot of enzymes.
Delicious Cuban and Spanish food. Paella, Sangria, Vaca frita are my favorites here. Warm ambiance,  priced right. And they also teach cooking classes unfortunately they fill up very quickly :(.
So good. Haven't been able to stop thinking about it. Need to go back asafp.  Go For: - Black bean fritters - Pollo Cubano - Pulled pork  Friendly service, authentic Caribbean feel.
Being Hispanic and having grown up eating authentic dishes, I can usually tell what's good Latin food and what's not. Havana Cafe doesn't even come close. I can make better food at home. Their pasteles were bland, as was their rice and their beans. The mojito was pretty good, but not worth being disappointed over the food. Wouldn't go back.
Cute interior, decent food, but how can I actually receive the food if the waiter never comes to take my order?  We were seated and served water, and proceeded to wait.... and wait.... and wait.... while we saw both waiters serve other tables but never go to ours to actually take our order despite staring at them and attempting to flag them down.  After 10 minutes we managed to flag down the busboy who served us our water, to ask him to tell our waiter that we were ready to order.  Another 10 minutes goes by, and we see no sign of any waiter, just the busboy.  We consider leaving, but ask the busboy again if the waiter is coming to take our order.  Despite the busboy telling him that we needed someone to come by, the waiter apparently did not feel that we needed to be served anything since he still hadn't come by to even tell us his name.  We ended up taking our orders through the busboy, and he ended up doing most of the waiter's job for him.    The food itself?  A bit expensive, but tasty, depending on what you get.  Some of the dishes that had chicharones (pork cracklings) had slices of pork skin in the meal rather than mashed up bits.  I wasn't a big fan of this, since the chicharones, when rehydrated, taste really rubbery and bland when left as a small strip instead of being mashed up with the rest of the ingredients.  As for the rest of the food we tried, the pollo parilla was very good.  It was tender, with a nice tropical tasting marinade that matched with the chicken very well.  I wanted to try a bunch of items, so we also had the San Juan sampler, which consists of several of the appetizers in one plate.  The best item in the sampler was the Puerto Rican style tamal.  It had a very moist masa filling and was flavorful.  In the end, I personally gave our tip to the busboy, since he pretty much did most of the actual waiter's job at our table, since I only saw the real waiter for probably a total of 30 seconds.
My husband and I recently took my father to Havana's cafe in search of something different from the usual chain restaurants.  I read the Yelp reviews and was excited to try the black bean fritters and pulled pork . . . they were okay, but nothing to obsess about.  The pork was sweet, not salty or spicy.  So, if you like sweet pork, this is a good dish for you.  We got the black bean fritters with avocado paste as an appetizer, which were pretty tasty.  However, the highlight of my dining experience was the morros (black beans and rice mixed together).  My husband loved his mojito and my father liked his red sangria.    The atmosphere was pleasant.  We were there on a Friday night, the place was fairly empty, but despite this, we were seated directly in front of the stage area.  As soon as the guys started to play, our conversation ended.  I would appreciated the option to sit in a quieter part of the dining room.    Overall, the experience was okay, nothing horrible, nothing extraordinary, just okay.  Undecided if we'll return.
I have been craving cuban food for a while.  I used to live in Tampa where we have plenty of great cuban food.  I went with a group of 15 girlfriends for a girls night out.  The food is ok.  The tostones were a little too thin and greasy.  The maduros fritos were very good, but that is hard to mess up, it is just fried ripe plantain after all.  The camarones al ajillo (garlic shrimp) were very good, you can soak a piece of cuban bread in the garlic juice. Yummy.  The mojito needed more mint. The tres leches cake was not as sweet as I am used to.  I didn't care for the chocolate dessert.  One of my girlfriends had yuca frita, which was good, of course this is another dish that is hard to mess up.  I'll be back of course, I am happy there is at least one cuban place fairly close to my house.
Authentic, excellent. Always at the top of their game, awesome people.
Good food, love the decor, and had a great waiter!
I've been there a few time now for dinner.  its pretty much the only game in town when it comes to Caribbean food. I personally believe this place is a bit too expensive. For the life of me i cant imagine how Arroz con pollo is a $15 plate. On my last visit this past Saturday i must  say the service was in no way anywhere close to the levels they should be based on the price per plates.  The sangria had more ice than anything else and was very expensive. If my memory serves correctly it came out to $56 for two pitcher of ice.  Needless to say I'm very disappointed.  The food was ok but i actually felt gouged.   Sorry guys its been on our minds since the weekend and i felt we had to speak up.  I would also like to address the back room. I found it to have no atmosphere.  Very quite.  Lets try to remember this is a Cuban place and Cuban music and atmosphere should be present in all rooms especially on a Saturday night.. No?
Great service and really good food. There's more Spanish and Puerto Rican than Cuban, but it's still well executed. The ropa vieja is particularly satisfying.  The house drinks are also good, the Hemingway is outstanding.  Great local restaurant that is also family friendly during the week. You won't be disappointed.
I've always been curious about Havana Cafe and a Groupon that I purchased a little while back finally got me in there. Overall, it was a good experience... some hits and some misses.   We arrived right as the live music was starting which was so nice and gave us an "on vacation" vibe. We shared a 1/2 pitcher of sangria which was pretty tasty. Their tapas portions are pretty generous and we completely over-ordered. Here's what we got:   Calypso Chips: plantain chips with black bean dip. I love plantain chips and the black bean dip was very flavorful. I nearly attacked the waiter when my boyfriend told him it was okay to take the left over plantain chips from our table.... Never take plantain chips from a hungry girl!  Tamal Cubano: A tamale with bits of pork in it. I thought it was good, my boyfriend really liked it. I think I'm spoiled with the homemade tamales my family gets at Christmastime.   Frituras de Camarones: These are exactly like crab cakes, but made out of shrimp. I ordered them because it came with romesco sauce (an amazing sauce made from almonds and roasted red peppers). I slathered the romesco sauce ontop of the cake and squeezed some lime on top. I loved it, but I guess it could have been almost anything doused  in romesco and I would have liked it.   Empanaditas with shredded beef: Good, but was hoping for a little more flavor.   Yuca Frita: I was too full to really eat much of this, but I wanted to try their spicy banana-guava ketchup that came with them. We looked up Yuca (or cassava) and it's defined as a "woody shrub". That's kind of what the yuca fries tasted like: kind of dry and woody. The spicy banana-guava ketchup was good though - I'd just guess the sweet potato fries are a better bet.   Service was a little slow (our waiter had a huge rowdy table he was helping). Overall, I'd say it's a fun place to try. A good place to go when you need a little variety.
The food was ok.  But the service we had A LOT to be desired.  I don't plan on going back.
YUM!!!! That's what I think whenever I think of this place. I get the same thing each time because its just that delicious. Pollo Cubano. It's delicious chicken cooked in a sauce to die for (cumin, lime, orange, and garlic), and its served with maduros (friend sweet plantains), black beans, and rice. I ate every last bite, and couldn't get over how good it was!! I've only been here for lunch, but the service was great and prices were very reasonable. Especially since my opinion of Scottsdale is that a lot of places tend to be pretty overpriced. The only reason I don't give this place 5 stars, is that I haven't really tried anything else but the pollo cubano, and I can't remember what my family got.
Though a bit longer of a drive than we normally make for lunch, our office lunch crew wanted something different, so we decided to try and find a Cuban place and came across this one which got us all excited.  When we arrived, we were unimpressed by the exterior, but figured plenty of dives have awesome food.  We were seated fairly quickly in some beautiful...lawn chairs?!  The chairs were the cheap plastic chairs you use when you havee guests in your backyard and don't give a crap about their comfort.  The atmosphere was tacky and unimpressive.  I ordered a chicken sandwich special as I didn't see any torta one the menu (what respectable Cuban place doesn't have a simple torta on their menu?!).  The sandwhich was dry and flavorless and tasted as if it received no seasoning at all.  My companions all looked at their food after tasting it and were disappointed as well.  Receiving a refill on a water was like asking the government to stop spending money, it just wasn't going to happen.  Horrible experience, bland food, overpriced.  In short, never going back and don't recommend it to anyone.
Okay, This would have five stars but for one thing:  We were with a group of people and two of us had groupons.  Now I know the groupon reads ONE PER TABLE....I also knew we were going to spend considerably MORE than both groupons so I asked ahead of time if we could sit together.  The person working the front said she'd go check.  The owner came out and was really very rude and said, "No, you must be seated separately and you cannot combine anything.  Totally separate!" and she was frowning.  Now, this was the first impression of several people in our party and that didn't sit well.  However, I fully intended to tell them we'd spend WELL over the limits but I told her that we were fine with being separated and all sat down.  The wait staff was very nice and our waiter especially was just a joy.  The food took quite a while but was well worth it.  It was kind of a bummer to not be all together but once the food arrived everyone was silent anyway!  We started with Calypso Chips and black bean dip which are divine.  I had the Pollo Cubano which was okay.  The highlight of the plate for me was the black beans and rice.  Those were terrific!  My mother in law had the ham croquettes which were so-so and the Papas Rellena which are heaven!  My daughter had Sopa de Pollo which was also just so-so.    The deserts were to DIE FOR!  My daughter had Marquesa de Chocolate.  Basically  chocolate ganauche with Grand Manier flavoring with the most amazing whipped cream over it.  Totally rich!  Mother in Law had the bread pudding which had her almost in tears she enjoyed it so much.  If I were to go again, I'd just get a big plate of beans and rice and a Papa Rellena and dessert.    I will go again for the food even if the owner was rude. It's that good!  Again, we spent at least 1.5 times the amount of the groupon, each. We'll be back again, but really if you decide to have a groupon to get people in, try to be mellow and accomodate them too!  Or at least make sure your food is so good they want to deal with attitude!
I've been a fan of Havana Cafe since discovering the Phoenix location about two years ago.  The mojitos are to die for!   The best I've had outside of Miami, hands down.   On this visit, my first to the Scottsdale location, I decided to go out on a limb and try a new item.  I'd always ordered the same dish every visit - Berejenas con Garbanzo (yummy)!!!  Anyway, I went for the Caribbean Jerk chicken this time.  I was sorely disappointed.  In my mind, I'd conjured up a spicy, tangy dish.  Instead, I got chicken that appeared to be simmered in a flavorless broth, not at all what I was expecting.  The side of potatoes that was served with the entree was good; however, it was an odd pairing.  The potatoes were too creamy (i.e. heavy) to be served with the chicken and few pieces of shrimp that were also simmered in the watery broth. My takeaway from this visit:  stick with what I know!  I'm back to the Berejenas con Garbanzo; the Phoenix location; and, oh yeah, plenty of mojitos!
I want to give this place more stars, but I can't...  After 6 years we finally made it to Havana Cafe due to our recent Groupon purchase...YAY! We always wanted to try it out but the prices always scared us away.   When we arrived on a Saturday night we were surprised that the place wasn't extremely busy. I told the hostess "2 please" and she said do you have reservations? "Umm no, do we need them" (as I looked around the half empty place)?!  She said my wait would be about 20 mins, fine, it's Saturday night. We sat at the bar for about 15 mins before the bartender even looked at us. She finally said are you eating dinner at the bar? "No." That was it.   We finally were seated but it was at the back of the place. My husband and I ordered our drinks. Our server asks as loud as she possibly can for our IDs...ok sure no problem, but did you have to announce it to the half empty room that you are checking our age?! For the record, we are way over 21!   Our food took FOREVER to arrive. We said the wait better be worth it and you know what...IT WAS! We ordered the Maduros Fritos,  Bistecs Cubanos with smothered onions and Masas de Puerco Fritas both with beans and rice. The meat was tender, the rice was moist and the fried plantains were sweet!  We did try desert, bread pudding and would not order that again.   We'll probably go back at some point, but we will definitely make reservations and we'll be hitting up lunch for the lower prices!  :)
The fiancé and I love Cuban food. We had a couple die hard favorites back in SoCal that we would frequent on a monthly basis. We've been missing our Cuban craving fix since moving here to Phoenix. So last Friday evening as we were deciding where to get our grub on we happened to pass by Havana Cafe. The fiancé had heard good things about this place from coworkers so we decided to bust a U turn and give it a try.   It is located in a small strip mall with a metal gate door. A little sketch looking but we weren't deterred because good food often comes from little dives. The place was pretty busy but we were seated right away. It was a little weird for us to be seated side by side on a bench which the hostess first had to slide the table forward, allowing us access to the bench, and then proceeded to slide the table back in towards us so we were essentially boxed in. But moving on....The place is loud with great live music but you find yourself having to talk really loud to your server to get your order in.   My fiancé ordered his usual favorite: ropa vieja. I couldn't really find anything that looked especially appealing to me...for a reasonable price at least. So I settled on a tamal cubano and the ceviche from the appetizer menu. Overall, the food was good. We enjoyed the ropa vieja and the ceviche. I only wished that the ceviche came with chips instead of crackers. The tamale was good and had bits of pork in it which made it more of a crowd pleaser for the fiancé. However, both of us felt that we didn't enjoy our meals as much as we do at our fave Cuban place back home. Plus, we didn't feel our meals were worth the prices here so we left a little unsatisfied. Don't get me wrong...we are not opposed to spending good money on food that we feel is worth it so please note that our review is not because we're cheapskates or anything. But if you plan on hitting this place up then be prepared to pay $20 and up per entree.   Bottom line is that we may or may not go back. Nothing really wrong with this place but nothing overly exciting either. Maybe a future visit will change my opinion but until then we will be continuing our search for our go to Cuban spot.
I love Cuban food. Moved here from Miami and lived on Cuban food there...authentic Cuban food. Went to Havana Cafe yesterday and was very excited. The atmosphere was not bad. It was around two in the afternoon so it was empty. Very nice staff. The menu is interesting, but it is not true Cuban food, but a their version of Cuban recipes.  I have to say that the food was just okay. The presentation was nice, but the food itself was without flavor all together.  The quality of the products used were good, but missing the flair of true caribbean flavor.  Unfortunately I will not be going back to Havana Cafe. My search for Cuban food in the valley continues.
Food was not worth the attitude. It made dinner very uncomfortable. The cuisine is unique, but poorly prepared. Again, service was horrible. The original Havana Cafe... off Camelback, is superior. Stay clear of THIS location.
Never going back!!  This was my second time here. Wasn't that impressed the first time, but thought I'll give it another look, more because one of the guys in our team really wanted to go here.   Food: Just ok, over-priced and very small portions. Came out hungry. Deserts are quite nice Service: I think I would have given this place 2 1/2 stars was it not for the bad service. Very rude waiter, I am not going to go into details of what happenned at our table but suffice to say I left the place pissed! Never going back and nor is the guy in our team who really wanted to go in the first place.  I think I hate a rude (and I mean rude not bad) service more that bad food. Bad food just leaves me with no feelings but a rude server leaves me pissed!
I am sorry to report that we were disappointed with our experience, both in food and price. It started off great--tasty mojito (although a little on the sweet side) and we came during Yelp Eats week so there were some discounted apps, entrees, and desserts. We started with the shrimp fritters--those were tasty with the almond pimiento sauce--and the green plantains. The sauce served with the plantains was too watery to hold up to the dense starchiness of the plantains so we ordered a side of their homemade banana-guava ketchup. That was delicious and did the trick. They ended up not having one of the advertised Yelp Eats entrees. I thought that was pretty poor form--if they are running a special for a week they should not run out. I ended up ordering fried pork morsels from the full price menu. The pork was so dry that I could barely swallow it, even after dipping it in the sauce. There was no changing the fact that it was simply deep-fried pork chunks--not worth the $21 price tag. I sent the dish back and when I didn't want to order something else off the menu we were reminded that that fine print states that you are not allowed to split Yelp Eats discounted entrees, as if we had planned to send back the full-price dish. After that, we were ignored by the wait staff. The dish we split (bistec cubano) was good, so I can't complain, but wouldn't have been worth it at full price. We finished the meal off with flan and cafe cubano. One cafe was sweetened appropriately, the other had no sugar whatsoever. Food is overpriced and not that great. I certainly won't be returning.
I love their eggplant dish called Berenjena con Garbanzo!  Its the best way to eat eggplant, I promise!  I tend to try to stay away from white refined foods or those with higher glycemic indexes(GI)  so I order it with extra peas, and without the white rice.  There is never a problem or an extra charge for this small change.   My boyfriend and I have been to this location several times and always find the service OK, and the food GREAT!  We were actually once there for lunch during a power outage. Our food had just been served to our table when the power went out. They accommodated us as best they could and we were allowed to continue to dine by candlelight. This time we used a Groupon, and had no problems whatsoever, and they were friendly when accepting it but did forget at first to subtract the total from our bill, so we had to remind them. But that is not really a big deal at all, and honestly happens all the time with both Groupon and Restaurant.com certificates.   The prices are a bit on the high side. Although, the food is really good  and authentic, so we don't mind, but would probably go more often if the prices were a bit lower.   On Mondays they have 3 dollar mojitos, but if you purchase a shirt or hat you can get them for 3 dollars anytime! A great promotional idea!
Was in the mood for some different cuisine, saw the Groupon, bought it and headed to the Cafe on a hot Thursday afternoon.... From the outside the place looked a lil cheap or maybe average but definitely not classy..... I get inside and was greeted by a Wonderful lady who is the main character in the rest of the movie.... Well at the first look I though I entered a library with a forest theme...All of 'em guests were engrossed in their respective menucards.......and then I followed suite :D Well that's the no. of options you have and cuban cuisine being foreign to most of us....you can't complain the voracious reading attitude of the guests Well, and there comes the hostess who was glad to acknowledge my Groupon(unlike a few other places) and asked us if we had any questions. We ordered the samplers for both the appetizers and entrees to ensure we covered it all. The hostess was kind to explain what the food was made of and included. She really was fantastic! The best part of the place was the service and I don;t think I am doing enough justice to how courteous she was.  All in all it was an average experience with the food considering that this was our first time with cuban cuisine..(rate 3/5 for this) However the star of the show was the service and especially the warmth of this lady who blew us away with her persona! (rate 5/5 for this)
Wonderful food. The plantain fry reminded me so much about the ones we get back in my home state of Kerala, India. The other entrees were good. The food is not spicy, but if you prefer spicy food they will bring along a spicy sauce if you ask.
Yelp Eats Week 2011 (50% off!), Take 4:  07/16/11  Arrived before a friend did, was seated at a two-top, and I was handed a dinner menu.  Had to ask for the Yelp Eats menu (oddity #1 as all the other restaurants I've visited since the start of it all had hosts/servers deliver them w/ the YE menu on the very top of the pile), and when the host handed it over, I noticed a sticker that asked not to share dishes- oddity #2.  As I waited for Linda to arrive, I ordered a mojito ($7.50) and asked server Ana about certain dishes, and she demonstrated great knowledge of both food and beverage menus (kudos to Ana!).  The wonderful mojito (dark rum, fresh lime, muddled mint, sugar, and a "splash of soda") arrived just as L. arrived, and, having had their mojitos in the past, she also ordered one for herself.  (If you do not come to dine here, you should at least try their mojito... probably the best I've ever tried, besides the ones I've made!  Not very sweet, the rum not overpower, but still a potent cocktail.)    After a little chat, we placed our order (split checks) for the Bistec Encevollado (steak w/ onions, for me) and the Frituras de Frijoles Negros (black bean fritters w/ avocado dip, for her).  Despite my preface of "I'm going to skip on the apps and order an entree, because I want to have dessert later," Ana asked me AT LEAST two times "And what would you like for an appetizer?"  She even pointed to the app portion of the menu the second time, and again I said I was only going to order the entree as I'd wanted to leave room for dessert.  L. was going to start w/ an app first and see if she was going to order more later.  Again, Ana asked what she'd like for an entree, and when Ana left, we already felt like we were being treated rudely and pressured to order more.  (L. eventually ordered another app, and then a dessert.)  App and steak arrived together, and for the record, I offered L. a taste of the wonderful steak, and she turned it down, bec. she tries not to eat too much red meat, but she did try the Papas de la Casa (spicy homestyle potatoes) and found them very salty.  I described the side dish as "highly-seasoned."  Yes, they were very salty, and I hadn't noticed they were spicy, but Mom did when she tried a little bit at home.  L. tried to share her fritters w/ me, but I've already tried them before, and I wanted to concentrate on the steak.  It was a "good" thing that Ana had pressured L. to order a second dish, bec. she actually ended up liking the Frituras de Camarones (three crispy shrimp pancakes served w/ a Romesco sauce).  (Hey!  I was correct when I thought the sauce looked like it was thickened w/ some sort of nuts... friend described it having a flavor she couldn't put a finger on, aside from the pepperiness and acidity... it also contained almonds and sherry.)  I very much enjoyed the Bistec encevollado and would not hesitate to order it again!  Ana had asked a couple of times if I was ready to order dessert, but I decided to wait for L. to finish eating.  I was still enjoying my mojito and was even contemplating on having another.  (Actually, I was stalling for time since I couldn't decide whether I was going to order the chocolate bread pudding w/ homemade dark fudge rum sauce, or the lime pie!)  Finally, I decided to order, and I chose the bread pudding and asked L. if she'd get the lime pie, and she said yes.  Score!  While I enjoyed both desserts (I'd had two "tastes" of the pie before I asked for one "to-go"), I favored the pie.  That night, however, I couldn't get enough of the fudge rum sauce!!  I tell ya, I don't know what I WOULDN'T do to have another chance at savoring this fudge sauce again.  ;)  As far as the lime pie is concerned, I don't know how Linda could sit there and watch me take three swipes off of her pie... I think I was only able to restrain myself from having more, bec. I knew I'd have another one to enjoy at home!  Oh yeah, take the bread pudding (but leave the rum sauce!), and I'll have the lime pie every time from now on!  We plan on visiting again, esp. on Mojito Mondays ($3 mojitos all day), and we hope that the rudeness was only due to Yelp Eats Week (although there really isn't an excuse for the rudeness!), bec. it would be a shame to have to skip this HC location-- L. said that this location is less noisy than that on Camelback.  I probably should not have tipped 20% off of the original cost of the my bill (original would've been $40.50, plus tax, and w/ the YE discount, a total of $27, w/ tax), since she was so rude to us, but I didn't want her to think that Yelpers were cheapskates.    p.s.  Almost forgot to mention, upon entry to this location, I couldn't help but noticing that the restaurant smelled strongly of body odor!  (Onions.)  If I wasn't meeting a friend here, I might've walked out and gone somewhere else.    p.p.s.  The Cuban bread was terrific!
This location is so much bigger than the Camelback location I think I will be changing to this one from now on.    As always the food is great I went with a couple friends and we ordered the tapas menu and had like 11 things highlights were: bacon wrapped chorizo stuffed dates calypso chips tortilla espanola ceviche and the mojito mmmmmmm  The service was great.  If you've never been it's a great spot to try out
Great Place if you have a lot of time to waste. . . .     Here's the breakdown. estimate time in increments of 5 mins  about 5 mins to get seated another 5 to get take our drinks 10 mins to get the drinks and order our food 10 mins for the food to arrive * 10 mins into eating . . . .  hmm . . . .  where's our server? 10 mins has past, drink cups are empty . . . .  .  hmm. . .  should I get a APB on our server? 15 mins later . . . .   how was everything?  Whoa! his alive!!! another 5 mins to get the check . . . . wait my automatic watch stopped working . .  . . . .  All in all the food is mediocre but with molasses type service and contraband prices this place to needs to be banned just like their cigars.
I went here for lunch and it was YUMMY!  I had the Pumpkin Bisque soup to start and then the Combinacion de Favoritas.  Wow!  The flavors and spices were just a perfect blend of sweet and spicy.  The portion size was large, I was very full and still had some left to go.  I will definitely be coming here again.  There are lots of tasty sounding dishes on the menu.
All I needed to complete my delicious meal here was a good Cuban cigar and some brandy!  We had the Papa Rellena for an appetizer... very very good. Its a beef filled potato cake with a cilantro lime sauce.  For entrees my wife and I shared two dishes... the Ropa Viejas (shredded beef brisket in a tomato wine sauce) and the Gallina Frita (crispy fried shredded chicken, onions, in a mojo garlic lime sauce....amazing!  Both dishes were large...with tons of meat.  Great service and really good mojitos make for a nice evening out at the Havana Cafe.  For dessert we indulged on the "Best Of Phoenix" (Phoenix New Times) Caramel Flan.... OMG!!!! And the coffee was yummy too!   We also found a 15% coupon in DineInAz.com.... saved us almost $7!  As the sign over the door says... "Cha Cha Cha!"
Unbelievably good and authentic Cuban food. I can't wait to go back!!
Food & Drinks: 4 stars Service: negative 5 stars  We've been to Havana Cafe twice, however, the service that we received on our most recent visit is enough to make us rethink attempting to dine there again.  On our first visit, we sat at the bar and had some mojitos and tapas.  The mojitos were some of the better ones that I've found in the Valley and all three of the tapas items had great flavor and as the bartender explained, were homemade with fresh ingredients.  We were excited to come back and try out some of the entrees for dinner and returned about a week later.  There were only three other tables that were occupied, yet we were seated along the front "window" which is a sun-warped dingy looking sheet of some sort of plastic rather than glass.  Needless to say, this did not add any ambiance to our meal.  I ordered a cup of black bean soup and the Cho Cho, which is described on the menu as "Fresh Chayote squash stuffed with lentils, corn, carrots and onions. Topped with a Jamaican Curry cream sauce. Served with white rice and a spicy green tomato chutney."  My husband ordered a cup of the zucchini soup that was a daily special and the Berenjena con Garbanzo described as "Grilled purple eggplant stuffed with chickpeas, fresh tomatoes, onions, Manchego and Parmesan cheeses and thyme. Served with fresh asparagus, on a bed of white rice and topped with a creamy sherry tomato sauce."  We waited at least 15 minutes for the two cups of soup to make their way out. My black bean soup was excellent and I would certainly order it again.  My husband's zucchini soup was also very flavorful.  Before we were even done with our soups, a waiter brought out our entrees and tried to remove our soups while we were still eating them.  We told him that we'd like to finish the soups first so he just set our entrees alongside each of us and walked away, leaving our empty drink glasses on the table without asking if we'd like another round of drinks.    When I finished my soup and moved my entree in front of me, I could tell that we should have stuck to the tapas that we'd had last time.  It actually looked like someone had thrown up in my plate.  The squash certainly weren't stuffed, but rather, there were a couple pieces of squash found beneath a pile of carrots, red peppers, and onions with a yellow, gelatinous sauce poured over the top on a huge pile of white rice.  The veggies themselves would have been edible if not for the strange sauce that had been applied.  It had only the slightest hint of a curry flavoring and had a texture that seemed to indicate that it had been thickened with cornstarch.  I tried the rather flavorless chutney served on the side only to discover the same cornstarchy texture.  Now, I certainly would not knock a restaurant for making an authentic dish that I just don't happen to care for, so if this is how this dish was supposed to turn out, then those who prefer this presentation would probably enjoy it, but I really couldn't manage to eat more than a few bites before deciding to call it a loss and order something else.  My husband's entree, while better than mine, was also less than exciting and tasted to me like a very bland version of eggplant parmigiana.  He liked his well enough to continue eating (this may have had something to do with the fact that we were both starving when we came in).   Now here is where the service really goes downhill.  For the next 30 minutes, no one came by to find out how the food was or ask if we'd like drinks.  In fact, we didn't even see any of the three wait staff even enter the dining room.  Finally, when my husband finished his meal, the waiter came over and asked if I'd like my entree boxed up, to which I replied "no, but I'd like to see a menu to order something else."  He promptly brought over a dessert menu so I then had to explain that the reason my entree was still in its entirety on my plate is because I didn't care for it and would like to order something to eat for dinner.  He brought back a menu, dropped it on the table and waited while I decided to order the Tortilla Espanola.  He then quickly darted away before we even had a chance to order drinks.  Having sat there for at least 40 minutes with empty glasses, I finally got up from the table, walked into the bar, and placed the empty glasses on the bar.  The two waitresses who were sitting at a table in the bar area chatting apologized for the wait and said that they'd have drinks right out. About ten minutes later our drinks appeared along with my Tortilla Espanola which was as delicious as when I'd had it during our prior visit.  The waiter did take my entree off of our bill, but in my opinion, the poor service that we got in a nearly empty restaurant is inexcusable.  It really is a shame that this place isn't able to pull itself together to provide an excellent dining experience given that there are in fact many palatable selections on the menu.
We had an excellent dinner at Havana cafe - I would say it is in my top five restaurants in Phoenix. Service was decent too - I am surprised to see the negative reviews on yelp.  I may be a bit biased because I studied in Costa Rica in college for a few months, so I love any latin american and carribean comfort food because it brings back great memories.  We shared the platanos maduros and mofongo as appetizers and some mojitos to drink. The mofongo did not sound great to me when I looked at the menu description, but it was amazing. The platanos were great too. I had the pumpkin bisque, which was sweet, salty, creamy and delicious, and some rice and beans. My husband had a pulled pork dish which was also good, and we had some lime pie for dessert. Next time I would order  a little less food,but I am glad we could try each dish - everything was good. We will be back!
As someone who grew up eating home cooked Cuban food finding this place was a welcomed event!  First and most importantly - the mojitos are legit!  Perfectly made.  The food is very tasty and authentic and the server (Christine ?) was very welcoming and attentive.  I really can't wait to go bad for mojito happy hour! :)  Great place to get your fix.
- I must disclosed that this dining was done about a month and a week ago.     As you walk into this place you feel relaxed by the delightful Cuban music playing loud enough to hear in the background. I also love the dimmed lighting, oh soo relaxing!!    We were then pleasantly surprised by a warm greeting along with a big smile by our charismatic host, after the place was fully packed. We didn't even bother making a reservation, since the previous time I had visited this spot  was with my best friend who was actually the one who introduced me to this nice little spot, Special thanks Mr. B, and at that time, It was just about half way full.     So we weren't expecting to be seated right away, but we were, very nice!!. My boyfriend and I were both hungry, as usual, so we right away ordered the black bean fritters as our starting appetizer. We were surely pleased, they were hot and mushy on the inside served with a side of avocado dip, OH soo YUM, we also ordered ourselves the lime mojitos, talk about refreshingly good!!      We later ordered our main dishes, Tim got the Pollo Cubano and I ordered the Chicharones de Pollo, it was all pretty dang delicious!! Very flavorful, and just down right taste buds satisfying!!      We finally topped it off with my favorite, Arroz con Leche!! This on the contrary was just OK, it lacked cinnamon i think, I have made way better arroz con leche myself, If you like I'll share my recipe, but the appetizer and our chicken Cuban plates were bomb!! :)  Thank you Havana Cafe for the great service and good food!! :)
Were do we start? My reservation was made for 8:15 pm. which we were there on time for. We were told to wait outside which we did. After almost half an hour, we decided to ask what was taking so long and realized that they had forgotten about us. When I went to enquired what was taking so long, I spoke to the owner which to my surprised WASN'T even CUBAN, which should have been an indicator as to what was to come:  -Although the food wasn't bad, it is NOT AUTHENTIC CUBAN FOOD. -The black beens had some vinegary-spicy ingredient   -The Ropa Vieja had more bell peppers and onions than beef.  -Being Cuban, I found it odd to be served a over pressed cuban sandwich with congri (rice & beens)  -Las Masitas de Puerco (pork) wore over fried and dry. -And to add to it being not authentic, it was really expensive in comparison to real cuban restaurants.  All I can say is if you are hungry and welling to pay more for Non-authentic Cuban Food this is the place for you.  La Cubanita!
My family and I thought the food was good enough, service was up to par, atmosphere wasn't bad (although really, you're gonna cheap out on A/C during the summer??).   Everything was great EXCEPT the quality of the food in relation to the price. My pork sandwich should really have been priced at $8 AT BEST, not the $15 I paid for it. I ate here 19+ years ago with the same result so shame on me for going back.   This is a great place to go for people who like to overpay for food that's just good 'nuff.   Cheers to overpaying!
This is the first review I have written that I truly hope the restaurant management reads.  Havana Cafe used to be one of the few restaurants I used to brag about to out-of-town friends.  They had a dozen dishes that I would classify as excellent and many others that were just "quite good".  But it has gone drastically downhill.  Here are a few examples:  1.  The appetizer portions are smaller than they used to be, sometimes ridiculously so.  For example, the chicken croquettes ($6) consisted of two pieces the size and shape of a thumb (a child's thumb), filled with pureed chicken and almost entirely tasteless.  2.  The entrees (we had ropa viejo and picadillo) were adequate in size but spiced very poorly.  The picadillo had no tropical spicing, and in fact tasted faintly bitter.  The ropa viejo was vinegary.  This points to incompetence in the cooking staff.  3.  The prices remain high.  But they are cutting corners -- no bread was served with the meal this time, for example.  4.  The menu was never really authentic Cuban, but it did have a number of popular Cuban dishes, with an interesting admixture of Central and South American favorites.  Some are still on the menu, but others have given way to meat loaf and fried chicken.  It looks to me like the management of Havana Cafe is flopping around, looking for a way to make money (or more money) and has made a series of poor decisions.  If you are listening:  it's time to hire a better chef, make the menu more authentic, get rid of those $5 plastic chairs, provide real value, and pay more attention to managing the wait staff.  I hope to see you back to your previous glory, but I'm not holding my breath.  And I am not spending $100 for two people for what you have to offer.
I recently moved down the street from Havana and I had heard great things.  I've dined here a few times now and the food is amazing! My favorites are the Frituras de Frijoles Negros (black bean fritters,avocado dip) and Camarones Havana. So good!! The mojitos are really good too.  The only problem with Havana is the speed of service. The servers are always friendly, but things take FOREVER to get to the table. Even my Mojito took 20 min last time. I will continue to come here for the killer food, but don't come if you are on any type of schedule, starving or really thirsty...it will take awhile.
My husband and I LOVE the food at Havana Cafe but we must say, the service stinks. We went there last month on a Saturday night with no reservation.  We didn't mind waiting and was told it would be about a 20 minute wait.  After waiting quite a while we noticed there were about 6 tables opened.  We asked why we weren't being seated after 40 minutes and obviously there were open tables and we were first told they were for people with reservations and then were told they didn't have enough wait staff.  The owner or whoever that was (not) helping us, didn't seem too concerned that we were a bit ticked off about this.  Once we were seated, the service was painfully slow but the food makes up for it.    Our next experience was not much better.  This time we had a reservation and was seated right away.  After 25 minutes and bugging the hostess twice (WHO OBVIOUSLY DIDN"T SEEM TO CARE AT ALL THAT WE WERE WAITING)  we finally had a waitress greet us and take our drink order.  THe waitress told us  this was not her station but would be glad to help.  This was Korina and she was WONDERFUL.  The food was great.  I enjoy the Pollo Cubana and my husband gets the Sailors Paella.    It just seems as though the staff (expect Korina)  doesn't really seem to care.  That they are busy enough and we must eat there on their terms.  Just a vibe we get there.  The drinks are incredibly small and a bit of a rip off but I was impressed that they had the Caribbean drink called the PAINKILLER.    Also, WHY the plastic chairs???  That place is so popular and so busy that I'm sure they can afford to upgrade to anything but a lawn chair.    We will go back....we always do...but we are hoping that someone from there reads this and takes this as constructive criticism.
Tasty tapas, good service and a really feel to the place. Well worth the trip for dinner.
If you're looking for good down home Cuban food & great hospitality your Cuban friends talk endlessly and proudly about growing up with, then will likely not steer you to Havana Cafe.    The food just isn't truly authentic Cuban & the service leaves you asking, 'why did we come here.'  You want to walk in and feel welcomed here, but you just don't. I've been here several times over the last 7 years and it's always consistent.  The food is over priced too. Come on folks, it's Cuban food...Rice & Beans & avocados..last time I checked, this was the cheapest food to make..Why are you charging $8 for an avocado salad? Really?  An avocado is $2!  If you want good Cuban food and you're ever in any of these towns, here are some great places to eat & they're truly authentic Cuban food... and you'll feel welcomed!  Los Angeles, visit Versailles--Manhattan Beach or Venice If you're in Key West--visit Siboney--my favorite!  Houston--Tropical Island Cafe.  Cuba Libre!
I love this place. Every time I am here, I get the Emparedado Cubano, an AMAZING sandwich. This is a Cuban restaurant, so nothing here is too spicy. Cuban food is normally sweeter.  This food is like , if I had a Cuban grandmother. The feed is great, fresh, healthy, home cooking. The inside feels like I am eating somewhere in Costa Rico. The waiter is always very, very helpful and kind. I believe his name is Ernesto... I always love Havanna Cafe, and you will too. I promise.
DELICIOUS! I just found this place and it's a great spot for date night! I had the cho cho and I'm still dreaming about it!
I lived next to this restaurant for 15 or so years and never went. Even when my mom would ask me to because they prepared food they way her mom did when she was young... nope, that didn't get me to go. Needless to say, I'm not a super big fan of trying new foods that I know nothing about (thankfully, I'm changing on that, bare with me!)  A few years after moving away, I get a new boss at work who's from Cuba. So my work team decided to bring her to Havana Cafe. After so many years of boycotting this restaurant, I was forced to go. THANKFULLY! Who knew Cuban food could be so amazingly delicious! Now that I was "forced" to go once, I've been SO many more times and love it even more every time I go.  The Bistec Encebollado (thinly cut steak with onions on top) paired with Moros (black beans and rice mixed) are my absolute fave! But you can't start the meal without getting the Calypso Chips (warm plantain chips with a cold black bean dip)!  Havana Cafe is now one of my absolute favorite restaurants!
Delicioso!  We have been going to Havana Cafe for years. It has been consistently a good experience. Good service and good food.  Dinner itself is always yummy. I always order the ChoCho. Stuffed squash with a mouthwatering curry sauce. Soooo good. My husband has something different every time, usually seafood or pork. He is never disappointed. Last time we went we split a bowl of pumpkin curry soup. OMG! I usually hate pumpkin but this was incredible!  My only complaint is the price for the portion they serve. Don't get me wrong, it is super yummy. But vegetarian entrees run between 15-20 and meat and seafood are usually over 20. They don't include any salad, soup, or bread and the portions are rather small.   What we do more often than dinner is happy hour. Tapas are very inexpensive and absolutely delicious. Black bean fritters, sun chips, Spanish tortilla. Yum. Mojitos and sangria are on special too. Both drinks are really good. Havana Cafe is the ONLY restaurant in Arizona where I like the sangria. The bartender is nice and we usually have the bar to ourselves... what else can you ask for?
Went here with a living social deal.   It included an appetizer trio, 2 entrees, 2 desserts, and a choice of mojito or sangria.  The dining area was all reserved when we got here, but we got a high top in the bar area. Reservations reccomended.   The mojito I had was pretty tasty, I wouldn't mind having a lot of these. The sangria wasn't anything special though.  The appetizers were ok. Nothing extremely special, but nothing bad either. Just meh.  I had the Sailors paella and my guest had a cuban steak with rice beans and onions. the paella was really salty and buttery. Unfortunately the seafood inside wasn't very fresh. The crab in particular was impossible to get out of the shell. It was a soft almost plasticky shell a sign of frozen and poorly cooked seafood. The steak was not a premium cut of meat. It wasn't tough but the texture felt poor and wasn't very flavorful. Fairly forgettable.   We then got bread pudding and flan for dessert. the bread pudding was so so, but omg the flan was delicious. Very rich and very thick.   The service here wasn't very attentive, but they were very warm and welcoming. It was a very nice atmosphere to relax and unwind. Maybe it was because we were in the bar area, but the bartender completed most of the service and it was almost like being in a friend's house with him hosting you.  If you haven't realized by now, I didn't really think very highly of the food here. It was fairly bland and forgettable. Maybe I just don't like Cuban food though. Without the living social deal the price for the meal would have been fairly expensive. I couldn't see myself spending that much for the entrees we got. The mojito and flan were good, but not good enough to draw me back here.
went for the Passover service and dinner - - a little expensive at $65 plus 20% service charge.  Good service, but the food was not very good.  Would not recommend this at all.
My first visit to this restaurant gave me this East coast feel, I felt right at home when I ordered the chicken with rice and plantanos...I was full. Their portions are generous and love the fact that they were very attentive to our needs. The music in the background is cultural, love Havana's and I am sure to come back with some friends.
We went the last time there was a Groupon,  and found the food horrible. The place looks tired, the portions are very small. Even with the Groupon the cost of one appetizer was $18.00 and the portion not only small, but pitiful in taste. We would recommend Millies cafe in Mesa which has excellent PUerto Rican food which is similar to Havana, however, the taste and freshness you will enjoy. Stay away from this garbage dump. The service liked the food was garbage.
Solid food and service.   They took care of us even though the kitchen was about to close.  The shredded pan fried chicken and moros was great and is recommended.
I was elated when I discovered I'd be in town for the mojito class that the restaurant periodically offers. I'd been eyeing it for years but it never seemed to coincide with my business travels.  Well, luck shone on me and I was able to attend last night.  I must say for $20 tuition, it was a bargain!  The restaurant owner not only teaches the fine art of making a killer mojito, you are also treated to a brief lesson in Cuban history and culture.  It was very interesting!  The restaurant supplies all the ingredients and you craft your own cocktail, according to instruction.  There are also fun prize raffles and lots of laughter.  I can't forget to mention that the class fee also includes a tapas plate featuring some of Havana Cafe's fabulous appetizers.  You also get 15% off if you decide to stick around for dinner.  It was a win-win evening.  I still prefer the original location but I can't visit the Valley without getting my Cuban fix.  Yum.
Havana is heaven. It's absolutely amazing; I love it there and you will too. The cafe is filled with green plants and furniture and snazzy decor, that's right, snazzy. But of course, the food and adult beverages are the best part.  I usually order a few appetizers there; my absolute fave is the black bean fritters that come with an avocado dip. Holy yum! It's unbelievable. I also recommend the pastelitos (puff pastry) filled with spinach and cheesy goodness. The black bean soup is de-lish and has a little kick to it.  You have to cool all the zest and spices down with a sweet, banana daiquiri... when in Cuba, right? Naomi Garnice gives this place two thumbs up, love it!  I went to Havana again this month for a Mojito Class -- it was so much fun! We learned how to make strawberry, watermelon and classic mojitos complete with our own individual muddlers. Be sure to join the mailing list when you go in to get notified of upcoming events!
Gluten fre menu!!!!!!!  Great, yummy, flavorful food!
We come to AZ once a year from California. Havana Cafe is one of our key destinations, and we try to eat here multiple times during our vacation.  The food is to die for!  Great selection of very authentic Cuban food.  Plantains are amazing. Don't miss this restaurant. Yes, the plastic chairs could be upgraded to more comfortable chairs:-)
Yum! Friendly staff. Food is wonderful. If you want to try Cuban for the first time. Go here. Mojiotos are great as well.  We go every other month or so.. Easy to droop a few bucks here though. But, life is short..eat well.
Voucher #2518-6167  I am seeking a refund for my voucher to Havana Cafe. Last night I went to Havana Cafe. When we entered the restaurant the hostess approached us and asked us if we had a reservation. We told her we did not and she said that they were booked up but we could eat in the bar. There were at least 6 tables open. It wasn't our first choice, but we said okay. We sat in the bar and the waitress took our drink order. After about 20 minutes the bar tender asked if our orders had been taken. We said no and he asked if he could get an appetizer started for us. We ordered our appetizers and waited for the waitress to come take our dinner order. While we waited, some other people came in and we heard them say that a 10-15 minute wait for a table was not too long. We asked them if they had a reservation and they said no, they just came in. A couple at the table next to us said they too had been told they couldn't eat in the dining room. While my friend went tell the waitress that we wanted a table, a waiter came to the table with 2 appetizers. He tried to give me the wrong one and I told him that the other one was ours. He walked away with both appetizers. I and someone at the table next mine tried to call him back but he kept going. The waitress finally came to take our orders. The appetizer waiter again came by with our appetizer and walked past our table twice. The waitress had to stop him and tell him to give it to us. We were finally moved to a table and waited for our food. When the food finally came, they brought all of the food at the same time, instead of bringing my friends salad before the entree. Also, my salad was nothing like what was listed on the menu and had ingredients that I am allergic to. I told the waiter that this was not the entree salad that I ordered and that I was allergic to some of the ingredients. At this point we asked to speak with the manager. After 10 minutes of watching the manager come in and out of the dining room, going around to talk to people at other tables we asked for the manager again. Our entrees were brought out to us. They brought the exact same salad to me and my friend's entree had clearly been sitting under a heat lamp. The waiter said that he would get the menu so he could show me that it was the right salad. The manager still hadn't come to us so my friend went to him. From across  the room, I could see from his body language that the manager was not in any way responsive to our issues. When my friend returned to the table, she told me that he was rude to her, until she mentioned that she knew the owner. The manager then came to our table. When we brought up the fact that my salad was nothing like anything on the menu and the fact that when we told the waiter that I was allergic to some of the unlisted ingredients, he apologized and said that sometimes the chef changes the ingredients and the menu isn't changed. I explained that this could be life threatening for some people.  He offered to have the salad remade, but at this point I was not confident in their care for allergy issues and declined. After 2 hours in the restaurant, we left without eating. The manager did end up giving us gift certificates for a return visit - it is highly unlikely that I will return.
My family and I loved the service and food!! How I've missed a good Cuban meal... My favorite was the Arroz con Pollo!!! Next time we go to Arizona we are definitely going back.
We have been here many times mostly for regular dining but also special events. Happy hour today was ok. House wine isn't great though it is inexpensive. The sangria was great. My wife enjoyed empanadas and the seasonal pumpkin bisque. I had sun chips and calamari. Pleasant afternoon. Service wasn't great. We were one of two tables. She could have paid better attention I suppose. We like this place and will be back.
This place has turned me off of Cuban food. Terrible decor, old, hot, not enough air conditioning I guess and the Paella..please. Over cooked, smooshy, cold vegetables, almost all rice with no saffron favor ands terrible seafood...can't even get the crab out of crab legs because they are so soft and cold. Terrible. I hope this place goes out of business because at these prices...I wouldn't normally say that but...shame on you for serving this. These other reviews are from the staff, no doubt about it. Try it and then thank me,later for warning you.
A WORD OF CAUTION:   When I left the restaurant, I paid for my dinner with a credit card.  Two weeks later when I received my monthly credit card statement, I realized Havana Cafe did a DOUBLE CHARGE on the credit card!  I called, and initially accounting stated that it was not a double charge, "that it just looked that way".  I called Visa, and the second charge was immediately removed.  I spoke with the owner - she apologized and offered me a mere 15% discount on my next meal, which I thought was rather tacky. Word to the wise: examine your credit card statements, as Havana café was not about to call me!
My husband and I used a Groupon to try Havana Cafe for the first time.  I was a little worried about some of the negative reviews I read on Yelp.  But we were pleasantly surprised.  The service was great.  Our waiter, Steve, was very friendly and attentive.  The busboy refilled our water several times without being asked.  The rest of the staff was very friendly as well.  But more importantly, the food was great.  We ordered the black bean fritters with the avocado dipping sauce.  The fritters were crispy outside and warm and steamy inside.  And the avocado dipping sauce had the perfect amount of spice to compliment the fritters.  We also ordered the plantain chips with black bean sauce.  Also wonderful.  The plantain chips came out warm and lightly salted, which worked well with the black bean sauce.  Then we split the Masas de Puerco Fritas - the pork "morsels" in a garlic-lime sauce.  The pork was very moist and tender with the right amount of crispness on the exterior.  Of course we had to try dessert too, and split the Carribean Candy Bar - coconut flan with candied coconut, almonds, whipped cream and a drizzle of chocolate sauce.  It was delicious!  Overall, the service and food was wonderful.  We will definitely be back.  My ONLY gripe is the plastic chairs...
This place has been a family favorite for years. We eat here at least 1-2 times per month. Very authentic, rarely crowded, and nice servers.  Food: I love the masas de puercos fritas ( fried pork nuggets kinda similar to real carnitas) when I am super hungry and I love the pargo veracruz when I want something lighters. I also love the calypso chips (fried plantain chips). Oddly enough the bread they serve before the meal is some of the best!  Would highly recommend!
Food was ok. Big portions but way to pricy for the food quality. I did get sick after having their salmon. Not sure if it was the mic of foods or what. Most likely not going again
This is Sharon, hijacking my sisters phone so I can tell you about the fabulous lunch we had at Havana Cafe...all you Yelp users should know about this gem. I like trying different restaurants but have some favorites where I can expect good , interesting food and reliable service. Havana Cafe is one of those places. I've never been disappointed in any of the numerous items I've had on their menu and the hardest part is choosing what to order! Today I took my sisters who are visiting from out of town and they thoroughly enjoyed their first time experience!  I will be back...again & again & again.
My boyfriend keeps talking about his friends from Cuba that moved away a few years ago wishing I had the opportunity to try their cooking.   So when Groupon had a deal for this place, he scooped it up hoping it was even half as good as what he's used to. Happy to report, it was fantastic.   I wasn't extremely hungry so I ordered Sopa de Polo and Frituras de Frijoles Negros. The soup was a little on the bland side so I ended up using a lot of pepper and a dash of salt, nothing I couldn't fix. The black bean fritters were amazing!   I can't remember what he had but he kept saying "wow, this is good" and "this is exactly how I remembered".  We will defintely be back.
Wow! This place is the best around. No one can compare to their cuisine. Have the stuffed poblano. By far the best. I love going for happy hour to get a whole bunch of small plate appetizers. The black bean dipping sauce is so great I could eat it plain. When in season, the pumpkin bisque is one of the best soups I have ever tasted. It is such a fun environment in the restaurant with the appearance and feeling of being on a patio with the comfort of being inside. You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu. Prepared to be surprised with these wonderful tastes.
Stopped by for a quick drink on the way to a birthday party.  Great service and drinks. Try the mojito!
The food was good but not for the cost. The dough for the empanaditas was ok, very salty though. The chicken filling was delish. Ropa vieja was similar to Venezuelan carne machada. I received more rice, beans and veggies than meat.
Lunch hour..only 2 tables with clients and I still had to wait 4-5 minutes to get somebody to come out and offer me a table.  $17 lunch plus $3 tip for a waitress with no personality. Carne ensebolllada was less than ok. Will not be coming back. Maybe an off day, but honestly fast food started to sound better. Specially for a $20 lunch.
Got a deal on Groupon & glad I did. Latin is way out numbered here in the Phoenix by Mexican. But this place hits it on the nose and puts Latin on the map.  And they spare no space on the plate.  The Bistec Encebollada was a large plate, took half home. Steak was juicy & well marrinated. Black beans & rice were perfect. Maduro (plantains) were sweet. The Pollo Parilla was also large plate of food & every ounce of goodness. The mango sauce complimented the marinated rotisserie chicken. We had mojitos & the Havana Cooler.... how refreshing!!! Will definitely be back.
Decided to try this venue rather than driving down to their other restaurant on Camelback. We figured we'd have a better chance of being seated here because the other venue is quite small. There is also ample parking. At around 7PM the place started filling up. We were pleasantly surprised at the amount of space this restaurant had. It was decorated as if we were in Cuba. The server was polite but hardly made conversation, just asked us how the food was and was there anything that she could get us. We started with Sangria and the Testones, which is grounded green plantains which I thought was a bit dry even with the garlic sauce. We didn't know that it could either be served with a Black Bean dip. As for the Sangria, for me it was potent. Just remember that instead of it mixed with red and white wine you can substitute the white wine with champagne. We weren't even told about those options. I tried the Sailor's Paella and it had all sorts of seafood: crab, mussels, clams, fish, calamari, scallops, white asparagus and rice. It was served in the pot that it was cooked in, so be careful 'cause you can't dig into until the temperature lowers. The meal wasn't overly salty and was very tasty. If you order this item, don't eat lunch before you come. My wife ordered the Chicken Chicarrones which was good but a little dry. She took half of them home and had them for lunch. To top off the meal, I ordered the Flan which was excellent except for the cinnamon cookie on top of the flan. It was different and I left the restaurant satisfied.
We tried this place thanks to a Groupon... when we arrived we noticed the place was full but most of the tables didn't have any food on it, just drinks... and almost everyone seemed to be waiting for their food... it took so long for our server to show up that we were very close to leaving...  Food was good, service was bleh-OK... For a place with $20+ entrees I would appreciate real chairs...  We were already hungry when we arrived, after being seated it seemed it took like forever for our server to show up... the bread alone took more than 20 minutes... we asked for more and it took 10 more minutes, we asked for more and our server brought it sooner, it is just that she missed to drop it at our table and was chatting for like 5+minutes at a table nearby... while I knew for sure the basket on her hand was our bread. It was very frustrating.  Appetizer arrived at the same time as our food (big no-no in my book)...  On the plus side, someone else took really good care of us refiling our drinks. Portions are big. Hubby  had the pollo ajillo (comes with white rice) and I had the Cuban dinner sampler. Hubby liked his dish, and I thought mine was good too. The pork is like carnitas, the chicken had this lemony broth that gave the rice/beans a really tasty flavor. The ropa vieja was not my favorite but was good as well.  For appetizer we had ordered the chorizo stuffed dates (datiles con chorizo)... oh well, I am yet to find out if Cuban chorizo is the same as the chorizo I know from Mexico, because I didn't taste anything other than bacon and dates. The appetizer was warm at best and am not even sure if the bacon was fully cooked. Usually for foods wrapped in bacon the bacon is really crispy and this was not the case. Of course, I am not an expert on Cuban food and even though the flavor of date and bacon was interesting, this was not exactly what we were expecting from the way the appetizer is described in the menu.  Needless to say, we won't be back...
Very disappointing.  I came here recently with a friend hoping for flavorful Cuban food but we both found the food  to be mediocre as far as Cuban cuisine goes. I feel bad for leaving such a short review, but there just isn't much else to say. I can't complain about the service, wait time or the atmosphere, the food was just rather bland and very disappointing.   I am a vegetarian and my friend a carnivore and we were both disappointed with the our meals. The food didn't taste horrible, it was just lacking in flavor (think Luby's) and we left with no reason to come back in the future.   I have since heard that the Havana Cafe location down on E. Camelback is much better so will look forward to giving that location a try next time I am in the area. Hopefully I will have great things to report.
This is my new go-to place when I am in Scottsdale.  A co-worker turned me onto it and I am now making multiple visits when I am in town.  The black bean fritters and papa rellena's are top notich - lots of flavor.  My favorite is the Ensalada Cubana, a cuban sandwich without the bread.  All of the ingrediants are fresh and flavorful but the chopped pickle hearts make this truly special.  It's hard to try anything new now. The Pargo Veracruz is a snapper filet that is cooked just right in a nice tomato sauce.  The saffron rice didn't overpower, but rather complimented the dish.  Love the mojito and red sangria.  I didn't enjoy the white sangria as much - a little heavy on the wine or something, it just wasn't my taste.
We had dinner here this evening and the food was delicious! I've read some of the previous posts and they sure don't sound like what we experienced tonite. I called to make a reservation due to some of the comments in reviews but was told that it's not necessary. Only reason they were having people make reservations was during spring training and it was extremely busy. We got there around 5:30 and were seated immediately. The waitress was great, she came to the table for our drink order and asked if we had any questions about the menu. The waitress also gave us a basket with a loaf of warm cuban bread and butter. OMG!!! It was freshly baked and delicious. I could've eaten the whole loaf myseIf. I oredered the black bean soup which was fantastic!!! Definitely one of the best I've ever had. My main entree was the Ropas Viejo. It was piping hot and a very generous portion. I ended up taking 1/2 of it home. So, I guess I can't find anything wrong with this place. Loved it!!
Terrible experience. The server was a snot, turned up his nose when I had a question about the menu and rolled his eyes several times during our visit. We started with tapas-a mix of three different dishes: albondigas, spanish tortilla, and an empanada. They were ok, probably pre-made and just warmed up as we ordered. I got the pork dish which was mostly just fat and gristle. It was basically inedible. The rice and beans were mediocre and flavorless. Way too expensive for low quality food.   Bad quality food, high prices, rude servers... I definitely do not plan on returning.
One of our favorites!  Great Cuban food - excellent service. Always look forward to a wonderful dining experience here and even if it takes almost an hour to drive here, we still will make every effort to be here often.
Definately A-ok!  We came on a Groupon.  Located in a kind of run-down strip center peopled by a bunch of punky teens, but pushed past their rude obstructions .  We entered a bright and crowded restaurant  that was gaily and cheesily decorated in a Carribean motif.  We were quickly seated at a two-top and waited on by a nice young girl, who quickly brought us our glasses of wine.  Since we aren't real familiar with Cuban food, DH and I decided to start with the appetizer platter: black bean fritters, ham croquettes and chicken croquettes, cuban tamale, chorizo and maduros, accompanied by two delicious sauces.  Omgosh, one bite was as delish as the next!  DH loved the fritters.  I enjoyed it all!  Very generous portions...we ate and ate and there was still food on the platter!  No way were we going to be able to move on to entrees----bummer!  And we hadn't spent our Groupon minimum!  Explained the problem to our server, who suggested we order a flan to go.  Great idea, and with wine, took us over the top for our Groupon.  (The flan along with the leftover appy made a great breakfast!)  We really enjoyed the flavorful  food, the excellent service and the fun and funky atmosphere.  We will so totally be back to try out the entrees.  We can ignore the juvenile delinquents to sample Havana Cafe again!
I signed up with Yelp just to write this review. My wife and I moved to AZ recently and we were happy to find a place which sold Cuban and Puerto Rican food. All the dishes we ordered were disgusting!  The fried meat (carne frita) that she ate was dry and flavorless. The mofongo she had was unlike any other we have ever tried. She asked me to try and I just couldn't swallow it. We both love mofongo so that was very disappointing. It doesn't end there my dish was the Puerto Rican plate so I was excited and thought it would bring back some memories of my hometown but it only brought back nightmares. The rice with pigeon peas (arroz con gandules) had way too much tomato sauce... I can go on forever but would rather not. I will just jump to the desert. We thought maybe since the meal was so horrible maybe they could redeem themselves with an awesome flan. When we ordered the flan the waitress said they did not have the large portion but she  could give us the two smaller portions. We said OK but to our surprise the flan was so pale and the taste was so bland. I looked at it carefully and noticed that it had the recycling symbol on it. Who does that!!!  Come on really?!?  I'm done with this place. I would never eat at this restaurant even if they paid me. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone unless I hated them.
Here is the problem with Havana Cafe:  Its overpriced.  I ordered a Emparedado Cubano sandwich as carry out.  I liked it.  It was tasty and came with french fries and moros (black beans and rice concoction).  It was supposed to come with cabbage salad but that appeared to be missing in action when I opened the box.    It cost me $16.    If I pay that much for a sandwich, french fries, and rice/blackbeans, they need to be amongst the most delicious things I've tasted in order to justify that.  But they weren't.  They were just barely good.    If they cut the price in half it would be a great meal worth the price.  Until then I would avoid this place.  I wont be returning unless they do.
Arrived here around lunch time and the place was charming, but was completely empty. There wasn't even a waitress anywhere in sight. We seated ourselves and a couple minutes later the waitress came out. At first I thought why is this place so empty, but I would find out soon enough. The waitress was moody and gave us attitude when we asked her questions almost as if we were stupid for asking. We had a living social coupon and no where on it did it say that we had to order from the dinner menu, but apparently that was the case. We ordered our food, Cuban sandwich, mussels, arroz con pollo, and a salad. It was good, but not great for the prices we were paying. Just as an example the Cuban sandwich is $15...I think I paid $6 out $7 for a really good Cuban sandwich in Miami. Sad to say I probably will not be going back.
We have been to this restaurant twice now. The first go-round was due to a Groupon that we purchased in order to try out new places in our area. The more recent time was within the past week and I have to say that the second trip was more memorable than the first.    The first trip we decided to order our own dishes and have some Sangria. Everything was tasty, service was good, and the place has a fun ambiance to it with a porch / patio like feel but indoors. This second trip we had the better idea of sharing the tapas sampler plate and adding on a meatball tapas plate.   The sampler comes with a great mix of the individual tapas plates they offer and gives you the chance to try a whole bunch of items all at once and really determine what you enjoy and what you don't, so you'll be better informed on future visits. The meatballs were a great addition to this plate and would have been a great option in general!  Our server was very friendly and checked back in on us regularly to ensure we were doing well. The food came out pretty quickly and it was easy to sit and enjoy the place while we waited.  Overall: A Order the tapas sampler plate - if you're super hungry, add another small tapas plate. Get some Sangria. Enjoy!
4/16/07.  Being a Queens, NY girl most of my life, I've had access to culinary delights from all over the world.  One of my favorites is Colombian food.  Imagine my joy when I discovered a Colombian restaurant in my newly adopted city.    A 'bandeja paisa' in the land of 'Disnefied' strip restaurants and where locals assume all Latin American food is represented by the great, but numerous Mexican restaurants here.    I had to check it out.  Oiga, Mire, Vea is located in the S. Sahara Pavillion on S. Decatur and W. Sahara.  It's not pretty, but the people at the counter greet you with a smile and engaging conversation.  The entrance leads you to a small bakery/seating area filled with flyers and Colombian merchandise.  Off to the side is an opening to the larger room, where live bands and dancing take place on the weekends.  It's tight, old and messy with local business advertising their wares on a table jam packed with business cards and posters.  I was ordering takeout and will continue to do so.  Not very inviting to sit down.  The food.  Having been deprived of my beloved Colombian food for too long, I placed quite a large order:  -Empanadas (overstuffed mini cornmeal meat and potato pies) -Chicharron with arepa (pronounced 'chee-chah-rrohn' - don't forget to roll your 'r's. (fried pork rind with white cornmeal cake) -and the mother of Colombian plates, the Bandeja Paisa ('ban-deh-ha pie-sah).  A huge platter (enough for 2) of grilled steak (thin, but tasty), chicarron, red kidney beans, white rice, chorizo (choh-ree-zoh), fried ripe plaintain and a fried egg.  To be continued...
The empanadas with cilantro sauce was yummmmy !!! Im from Fort Lauderdale where there are Colombian bakeries left and right.. But this was the only one i could find in Vegas !!! Not the prettiest place... but people are nice ... and the empanadas are scrumptious... And they sell P.A.N flour so i can make arepas at home !!!! I couldnt find it anywhere else in Vegas.
Ok first I should tell you my qualifications for being a reviewer of a Colombian restaurant. Both my parents are Colombian and I first generation American, so that means I love food (American) and I know what Colombian food SHOULD taste like (Colombian Mom who is/was a GREAT cook). My background aside. REVIEW: This restaurant is easy to miss. It's just outside of view from Decatur and a short walk from Sahara. We took Bus # 204 from the Strip Monorail to make it to this place. Well worth it! The restaurants carries all the favorites. Tamales, Bandeja Paisa (Colombian Smorgissbord of Food), Authentic Soups, Arepas, Pony Malta Drinks (yum), Shakes, Pastries, you name it. They do an excellent job covering the spectrum of Colombian cuisine/treats to take home with you. Now, the restaurant isn't very pretty on the inside. As you come in, it looks like more of a Hispanic hole in the wall shop (Bodega) than anything else, adjacent to it is the dining room with overused tables/chairs you'd find at a cheap Party store, the wall decorations are thrown together and appear dirty... the bathroom is well...functional. We were served by the little old lady of the house...who was very kind and hospitible...She informed us they've been there 7 years and business was OK. I was saddened to see such things as Cuban Sandwiches/Dishes on the menu...because I guess the locals craved such things and they must be good sellers. I think they have no place on the menu, but that's only my opinion. The food: SPOT ON Colombian, delicious, rice perfectly cooked, arepa/cheese gooey, airey, and scrumptious, and Tamale, just plain authentic and tastey. The restaurant must not be in the best of times, because it must be taking corners on food prep, certain ingredients looked to be missing from certain dishes and a full drumstick was taking up space in the center of our tamale...instead of pulling the bone/fat/joints from it. Otherwise the meal was perfect. Service: Slow and Forgetful, but you loved her anyways. Recommend it: Definitely! This restaurant needs some love and some honest feedback to have it more popular and well improved in the future!
Was fiending arepas so I searched Yelp and seems like this is one of the only places serving them.  You walk into a little Colombian market and the dining area is to your right.  I understand this dining area also becomes a salsa dance floor one night a week.  The photos on the menu look amazing.  I wanted to try everything.    There were a couple different kinds of arepas and they were decent, but none of them compared with really good arepas I've had outside of Vegas.  The empanadas were so-so.  They hard-sell you on their fresh juice - I got the tamarindo and it was pretty good.  For dinner I ordered the Sancocho de Gallina which is hen soup w green plantains, yucca root and a piece of corn on the cob in the soup.  The picture looked incredible.  But the dish did not taste as good as the picture looked.  Very bland and the cliantro wasn't fresh.  Also the yucca root was undercooked.  The plantains were decent.  The corn on the cob was the same sweet corn used in the arepas which was pretty good.  I'm not sure if I'll be going back.  Maybe if someone came from out of town and really wanted to go.
Glad I didn't judge it buy its "cover". It looks like a convenience store. At the business owner suggestion I ordered the Weekday Special for $7.99. I got Seafood Soup, Breaded fish, Plantains with rice and salad. The soup was very good, lightly flavored, many different types of fish, clearly made in house. I liked it much more than thought I was going to. It was a good portion of soup, the side plate of food was to much food and didn't enjoy it as much as I did the soup. BTW $10 min. charge to pay with ATM card. I would go back to try other foods.
There is no way I, in my limited experience with Columbian cuisine, can accurately describe the wonderful food I had here but I was served the Bandeja Paisa recommended by the owner.  We're talking a LOT of food for fifteen bucks! An egg, on top of rice and beans, next to the thickest pork rind you've ever seen (think bacon on steroids), right beside thick link of chorizo, all covering up steak garnished with a fried plantain.   Holy cow, that's a lot of food! It was really, really good! Very flavorful and carefully prepared and served.  The atmosphere in this place is Columbian hole-in-the-wall market all the way, complete with the phone card adverts and double-doored bottle cooler next to several bakery-warmer glass cases (where the empanadas are, along with some other freshly baked goods).  What's wrong with this place?  Nothing's wrong with this place! Try it, you'll like it!  The menu has a wide variety of foods, probably comfort foods as well as fancy stuff.  Weekday specials for lunch (between 11am and 3pm) each weekday a different special. The owner said he's been in business 8 years already in Las Vegas. I say he'll be in business for 8 more if word gets out about his wonderful food!
Wanting to expand my culinary reach I decided to drop in here and try a little something. The waitress is Fabulous, very friendly and informative-she offered me this empanada for FREE and made me this beverage from scratch!!!   Lots of plantains in Colombian food from what I understood. alot like cuban and some hispanic cuisine but with a little varied flavors. It was interesting but not something I'd go out of my way for again. The drink was really good a little heavy like a smoothie but good.
Their Milo drink is amazing!  I'm so hooked.  I always order Milo every time I come here.  I've been here several times.  The empanadas and bunuelo are excellent.  I usually get the aijiaco soup (with sour cream).  The only bad thing is their serving in rice is not so generous.  The service is excellent though.  I always get the same waitress, and she is super friendly and sweet.  She will talk to you about the colombian culture (if you are a complete newby, or if you have a family member who's Colombian).  She always comes around to check to make sure you're good.  This restaurant is also a bakery / store.  Sometimes I go in just to order a bunuelo, empanada, or Milo to go from the bakery.
I revisited this restaurant recently and the empanadas were as delicious as usual, but it was really busy and there was like only one women taking orders and another women cooking so everything took forever! I felt really bad for her because I heard that the other girl that was supposed to come called in sick last minute, but I think in the future ill just call ahead and order my empanadas to go hehe
Talk about an interesting spot. It was my cousin's birthday and she loves salsa dancing, so we found this place late on a Saturday night. Walking up to the entrance, it was a little confusing. We were looking for a dance club and it looks like a Mom & Pop sandwich shop. One of my cousins made the comment that it felt like a Speakeasy. He's right on. The entrance to the "club" part is through some doors to the side that are "guarded" by a guy in dark clothing. I put quotes around "guarded" because it's not like he was checking IDs or anything.  Anyway, the dance floor was fun. Most of us aren't much in the way of salsa dancers, but we all managed to have a good time. The only problem I had at the time was when the waitress came over for drink orders. I wanted something basic, like a gin and tonic, but she didn't understand what I was asking for. I'm not dinging them for that; I'm just mentioning it. We ended up just getting Sprites and strange coconut-flavored sodas. I wouldn't mind trying some sort of Colombian alchoholic beverage. If only I knew what one was.
My sisters columbian friend pointed us in this direction. I enjoyed this new ethnic experience. The moment I walked in, I was reminded of my my aunty's old restaurant shop. I do mean to say "restaurant shop" because that's exactly what it is. a restaurant and shelves of snacks, toys and other take-home things. I guess that's one reason why I love this place, for taking me back to a childhood I almost forgot.  I've never been to any other columbian eatery, but word is that the portions are huge. Which they were.. for me and my sister anyway. We shared this plate of "Tamal" which came with a side of rice. By the way, the rice was surprisingly sweet. Almost like sticky rice. It really complimented the spices in the tamal. I've also discovered the best made empanadas ever! probably even better than filipino empanadas =X. It's unique for it's crispy crust and its pasty potato & beef mix inside. And what set it in stone for me was the aji/ahji/ahhee (oh whatever the spelling is) sauce.  That place brought together family. Mainly because we realized we were sitting next to the family of my sisters friend. They also have a huge extended area. Cus the area we were in was the "restaurant shop" But the other side is specifically restaurant. It's good for big groups and such. Cus yeah, I'm all about rolling deep! I'll take my friends anywhere we can fit.
Only been here once(so far) to be honest I've never tried Colombian eats, but my friend brought empanadas to our work party one time and I fell so hard in love with it and its aji dipping sauce.  When I parked, I couldn't tell if there was a seating area, it looked like a walk up/ counter.  My sister and I were just planning to order some empanadas to go, but after meeting the owner and being fed his spanish greeting and his cultural energy, we decided to sit in. We looked thru the menu, very different of course, from a Mexican menu. But I have this weakness for tamales. So we ordered a couple empanadas and one Tamal, it comes with side of lightly sweet n sticky rice. Allow me to emphasize on the aji sauce. I love celantro and lime. Therefore I love this sauce. Dont be afraid to drench your empanadas in aji or drench you aji in empanadas.   Its a family oriented little restaurant. Has that "downtown shack" feel to it, but it's no biggy to me when the food and service is on beat.  We also had some Colombian soda. Nothing special. But, we did buy some Colombian chocolate candy. Pretty nifty.   Something I did notice, sis and i were already done with dinner, and just chatting it up, when I noticed the workers putting up chairs. I realized they were closed 9 minutes ago. It's truly amazing when these folks are patient and not trying to rudely get rid of us. I appreciate great hospitality.
It was my first time trying Colombian Cuisine.  Decided to give it a shot when the $25 certificate was on sale for only $2.00 at Restaurant.com (during its 80% OFF sale).  I brought a couple of friends with me so we could try this place out.  We weren't very excited when we first walked into the door since the entrance area looks like a tiny deli place.  However, we were seated in the area that was adjacent to the shop area, and it has music and disco lights, yes, disco lights.  Since this is our first time Colombian cuisine adventure, we decided to let the very lovely waitress help us decide what we should order.  (on the side note, the owner and the wairess here are both SUPER FRIENDLY!!)  We ordered the Empanadas and the Papas Rellenas for our appetizers.  Both the Empanadas and the Papas Rellenas are to die for!  The only thing is, that the prices shown on the meny are "per empanada" and "per Papas Rellenas."  (so your bill could come back pricey!)  For the main courses, we had the skewers and the Tamal.  The skewers were wonderfully flavored, however, a bit on the dry end.  The Tamal tasted wonderful and has a WHOLE CHICKEN LEG in it?!!!  We ended up paying for $30 after our gift certificate, it wasn't bad at all.  We'd definitely visit this restaurant again; the food is wonderful and very VERY different from Mexican food.
I went to a large dinner party here, so take my review with a grain of salt - my experience was different than most. I walked into the small front room and thought surely I was in the wrong place. Then they rolled the doors back to this HUGE dance hall sized room in the back . It seems there are bands and dancing in here from time to time? Interesting.  Service was good, but most importantly the food was excellent. I tried lots of things I had never had before - tongue (seriously amazing, like short rib and nothing like the tongue tacos I've had since!), and the pork skin also rocked. It was chewy and fatty and wonderful. MMMM  Definitely a place to check out if off the wall meats and interesting cuisine are your thing !
Empanadas were good. Two were pretty filling, though they're small. Also got the stuffed yucca appetizer (sorry, forgot name). It was really good with the fresh chimmichuri they bring to the table. That was my meal for about $5-6, and it was good. I'll be back. Service was slow, but bring a good dining partner and you'll be fine.   Oh yeah, this is one of those places where you don't want to drink the (tap) water. It tastes awful. Too bad they don't use filtered.
Decent restaurant, family-friendly.  Empanadas were delicious, everything else was not bad but not outstanding.  Note: they play music here very loud in the dining room/cabaret area.  Also, karaoke started while we were there, which was fine with us but may not be for everyone.  Check for 4 adults and 4 children was about $85.  We used a restaurant.com $25 coupon but I don't know if that was before or after the coupon because someone else paid.
Great empanadas. Service not so great.  Waited for about 15 mintues after being seated.  The place is so tiny, I don't understand how the person could forget about me when he passed my table every single time he attended another table.  I go ONLY for empanadas.  The rest of the food is okay.  Empanadas are awesome.
This place is very authentic. Maybe too authentic. Smallish seating area, kinda of confusing upon arrival, and the language barrier...if you speak Spanish, you're in, if you don't, well, there is some slight misunderstandings naturally. The big thing is the food is done very well and the portions generous. Very tasty food and done while you wait. That's the short story.   Now for the longer story. Very obscure and strangely located on the inner corner of an out building in the SE corner of the strip mall where the Saver's is at Sahara and Decatur.   When we arrived we were met and asked if we spoke Spanish. We don't. So they then located the one person who also spoke English and she asked if we had eaten Colombian food before. Well we had, and explained how and where. We were then told how Colombian food is not like Mexican food and other things we already knew. She was very patient.   NOTE: I thought everyone knew Colombian food is more like Argentinian food than their Northerly cousins. Guess not.   We were then given sample empanadas, freshly made. Little pockets of joy is a better descriptive word. Especially when taken with a spoonful of the accompanying sauce. A must try if you go.  We ordered tongue on arepas ( corn cakes ) and Colombian chorizo on plantains. We also ordered the fruit drinks. Next time, we'll skip the fruit drinks. But if you order them, have them with milk. The watered ones separate too quickly and taste, well, watered down really.   And we waited and waited. Not a problem for me. But the lady taking our orders seemed worried for me. I  am one who doesn't mind waiting for food prepared AFTER I order it, not waiting for me under the unhealthy glow of heat lamps ( think bad Chinese buffets ). So waiting is not a problem. Besides I like looking around. I'm nosy, what can I say? The dining area will NOT upstage the food. And the smell of the place is wonderful. Do NOT be in a hurry to eat.   BUT...  The waiting is worth it. Except I got shredded beef, not tongue. Which was very nicely done, though. The food is filling and has fresh vegetable garnishes for cooling the palette. Nice. And the proportions generous. But I had to ask if they were out of tongue or didn't remember me ordering it. The gal thought she told me, but forgot. Honest mistake. At least she wasn't trying to slip one past this gringo. And I realize tongue isn't always available. But tell me first, and I'll order tripe soup or something else other than beef, which I can get anywhere.  Bottom line: I think this is the place where the food is King. The atmosphere isn't going to shine. And the service is OK, but you go for the food. They do have a website menu. Check it out first.   I plan on going back for a few things. And knowing what to expect takes away any disappointment. Maybe next time, we'll get treated like the foodies we are, not McDonald's patrons who wandered into the wrong place.  Ethnic places need to remember I'm here for the food they cook, not a hamburger and fries. Give me empanadas or give me Death! Just kidding, I'll settle for arepa's and tongue, though.
this  place has really awsome colombian food.  I love coming to a place where you are welcomed.  The food is well cooked, my wife loves this place.
I must start off by admitting that I ate here with my Colombian husband, mother-in-law, father-in-law, and brother-in-law, and my mother-in-law is the most amazing cook!  That said, I tried the empanadas and papa rellenas (two of my favorites).  They both tasted just like the ones you buy on the streets of Cali (which is a good thing).  They were delicious and the aji complimented them nicely.  The aji had a slight heat and plenty of flavor.    They serve actual drinks from Colombia (Pony Malta, Colombiana, etc.) which made my husband and brother-in-law happy.
Seriously, I have a new found love for Colombian food, and I owe that to Christie O! I was stuffed, satisfied, entertained, and blown away with the quality of the food. The best characteristic that makes it of great quality is that it is HOMEMADE and made from scratch. There's nothing like eating your friend's mom's homemade cooking.  The empanadas? AMAZING! Sad to say that I actually like these empanadas than my country's empanadas. The crust was crunchy and soft, but not too thick where it dries your mouth and over powers the stuffing inside. PERF! It was made with a mixture of meat and potatoes. It wasn't super filling. Oh..you just had to be there.  Next dish was the chicken skewers with a side of beans and rice. What's in the rice! It's flavored rice and it was so good. I wanted to eat more of it, but I just didn't want to get sucked into the asian stereotype of hoarding rice (...ehem). The chicken was so tender and well marinated.  My favorite though was the arepa con queso (I think that's the one)...it's this tortilla topped with this nice sweet creamy cheese! It was so good, and fattening for sure, but I wanted so much more it. That will surely be one of my motivations to come back.   Second motivation, is the Picada. It's like a big plated feast for royalty! It has this DELICIOUSLY flavored grilled steak, pork rinds, sausage, this blood sausage (which everyone was raving about!), potatoes, and these awesome fried green plantains I kept picking off. Oh it was so good and the helping is good to feed a family of four!  Third motivation is the entertainment. Karaoke? Oh yes they do! Some Colombians sure have vocal chords built for the gods! They also have this cute little salsa session where you can bust out your DWTS moves on the floor. Get your ball change on! If I had the choreographic skills to keep up with the pros I probably would have busted a move on the dance floor for much longer.   Thanks so much Christie O for introducing to us this amazing place! the owners are SO SWEET and HOSPITABLE! It was as if we were their guests in their home! I felt super welcomed! Also, I do recommend to try their Apple soda. DELISH!!!
So here we go.  I ordered Chicharron con arepas y bandeja paisa.  Now had I known the Bandeja Paisa came with Chicharron and an arepa I would have just ordered that.  That being said those two things plus a Guava nectar were $22 which I thought was a bit pricey.  In any case - the chicharron was good.  Good amount of crunch, right amount of meat and fat left on it.  I thought it could have been seasoned a little better but they are probably just trying to tailor it to the American palette (which mine is not).  So what is the deal with Arepas?  They are just plain tasteless little corn meal patty things?  I mean I like corn meal but they are white corn meal not even yellow so not much flavor?  That being said they are soft and lovely to soak up 'other' flavors with just don't come with any flavor of their own.    Now to the Bandeja Paisa.  They should just call this a sh*t load of meat platter lol.  Cuz wow.  Came with sausage, steak (flank or skirt), chicharron, yellow plantain, arepa, rice and kidney beans (on the side), and an egg.  Now I don't know about you but when I open a food container and see a rice with an egg on top I'm pretty much thinking SUCCESS!  LOL.  So similar feeling when I saw the Bandeja Paisa.  In pieces:  Rice - perfect (no flavor but none needed as it had beans and an egg)  Sausage - started out feeling weird about it because the texture is weird it has meat chunks in it vs. ground stuff but it's SOOO flavorful and soon became my favorite part of the dish.  Beans - They were OK.  Our beans (Puerto Rican) have a lot of flavor and these were a little bland but not bad.  Steak - thin and a bit dry - could have used more flavor again but not bad at all.  Egg - over easy.    Yellow plantain - sweet and delicious - hard to mess this up  Chicarron - same as it was in the appetizer plate  Arepa - same  Overall I enjoyed it - felt stuffed and enjoyed the new food experience.  Service was fine - I called the order in to go and the guy behind the counter was pleasant enough.  On a side note - God help you if you speak Spanish from a different country other than Colombia because the girl that took my order over the phone spoke at mach speed.  LOL.  But no biggie.    Was sad I forgot to order Flan.  I am ALWAYS disappointed in Flan I get outside of my grandmother's kitchen so I will order that up next time.  UPDATE:  I later came back and ordered CHEESE arepa and it was yummy so I give them another star now that I understand the whole arepa thing.
Hearty is one word to describe the smorgasbord of grindage we had. Not only was the food very tasty, The owners and service staff were so nice and happy to see that non-Columbians were enjoying their cuisine.  We were served family style and we enjoyed the following:  Empanadas with Chimichurri-Crisp, Flavorful, and a great start to our Columbian feast.  Chicken Skewers with Rice, Beans and Sweet Plantains-Love the combination of sweet and salty, so the beans and plantains complimented the juicy chicken and addicting arroz!  The Picada is seriously a Carniwhore's heaven! a plate filled with veggies, Tostones(fried green plantains) Beef, Chicharrones, an interesting vinegary tasting Columbian style sausage, and a blood sausage which had a similar taste to Filipino Dinuguan with rice and stuffed in a sausage casing.   I personally prefer the Colombian Style Arepa to the more familiar Venezuelan arepa that Viva Las Arepas serves. OMV serves it in a griddled corn cake(your choice of yellow or white corn topped with a generous piece of queso fresco. this again is a nice combo of salty and sweet. YUM!  After a some Pastel de Guayaba, we enjoyed Tres Leches and enjoyed the club like atmosphere at the same time as our dinner which made it kinda difficult to communicate with others in our party, but nonetheless fun and festive. Salsa dancing and the Karaoke stylings of Henry Churches with his rendition of "Bailamos" and "Hero" had the crowd hootin' and hollerin'!(If you're still having a brain fart on who Henry Churches is...en espanol= Enrique Iglesias). Big mahalo to Christie, and we'll most definitely be back...ALOHA!!!
Based on Yelp reviews, our party of four headed over to Oiga, Mire, Vea, excited to try a cuisine that we weren't familiar with.  Truth be told, we hesitated going in.  The outside of the restaurant is off-putting ... but hey, we're here.  Let's give it a go.  And boy, did we enjoy our dinner!  I actually jotted down and ordered other posters' recommendations.  We had sweet plantains, arepas, vegetarian empanadas, bunelos, garlic potatoes -- wow, that's a lot of garlic! --  skewers of chicken and beef, what looked like pork schnitzel.  Yum.  I particularly liked the Columbian condiment of cilantro and onions.  Our waitress refilled the ramekin twice and gave me little containers to take home, with our leftovers.  If you go to this restaurant, know that it's not fine dining.  The décor is hum drum -- perhaps even depressing -- but the food?! Real good!  The staff was very nice, if not a bit amused, by our group.  I'll be back, next time in Vegas.
It is very unfortunate that there is only ONE Colombian restaurant in Las Vegas, and this one is not a good example of our gastronomy.  What I really dislike about this place is the inconsistency.  One day food might be good but the next it will be terrible; customer service is very bad, and sometimes they dare to serve OLD OLD food. I do love their empanadas.....they are pretty good! Las Vegas needs a GOOD Colombian restaurant and not this mediocre place.
After our first choice was closed for a private family get together. We were at a lost on where to have a late lunch, until I remembered this place (thanks to Kevin P and Nelson Q for writing those amazing reviews, which is what made me bookmark this place.  It was easy to find, located in an eclectic strip mall far away from the main part of LV where there is plenty of parking! Walking into this family owned restaurant we were greeted with a friendly Hola! I was not expecting this as I stumbled over my own Spanish and answered her in a half hola/hello (insert embarrassment).  She said we could sit anywhere, which we picked to sit in the larger dining room/dance area. In the dining area, it is on the dim side but with the large screen TV, we could see.  The set up of their dining room/ dance area is hard to explain, I have seen it a couple of times when I would eat at Ecuadorian restaurants in LA.  Dark tables and dark chairs with high backs.  Artwork is hung on all the walls around the dining area. At one point, I kind of fell in love with the fat Jesus painting and wanted to take a photo. Mama was out in the dining room cleaning the table closest to the stage, at first I thought she was talking to someone else but then I realized she was speaking to me and in which again caught off guard I stammered and stuttered as she asked if I spoke en espanol. To which I said to her un poco. Ahhhh she said and walked away.   Our waitress brought us our menus and some churriauce to use for later. I ordered an ice tea, which was kissed with lemon and a hint of sugar. Not too bad tasting!  After looking over the menu our waitress asked if we were ready to order, in which we said yes!  Appetizers:  -Empanadas-Turn-overs stuffed with meat and diced potatoes -Chicharron- This is not your Mexican mama's chicharron that she would give you back in the days, instead this was more south america mama style which I kind of liked better- Each rind was crunchy and soft, squeeze some lime on it before you start eating it!  Each of these appetizers was single serving but just enough for two to share!  The MAIN EVENT-  Arepa with shredded meat- The meat has a lot of flavor and was not dry, but still I wanted to kick up the spice flavor and added some churriauce sauce and it brought out the taste even more!  Everything was delicious and the service was wonderful too, we left feeling full and happy! Will we be back? Por supuesto que para más sabrosa comida!
I was definitely surprised when my friend suggested that we go and eat Columbian food. But hey, she was the one who just finished a 4 hour tattoo session so I was not about to question her on where she was picking to eat afterwards.  She found out about Oiga, Mire, Vea Columbian Cuisine via Urban Spoon. I looked it up on Yelp and was again, pleasantly surprised to see that Christie O., Christopher G., & Kevin P. were fans so I knew that this was going to be good.   We were definitely noobs to the whole experience. When we walked in, I was not quite sure what was going on since we didn't notice the restaurant to our right hand side but only the shop in front of us. Our hostess/server told us to pick anywhere to sit and asked if we had been there before. She gave us time to look over the menu before taking our orders and even helped my friend learn how to pronounce "Sobrebarriga." Lol!  When the food came out, mm mm it was delicious! Especially topped off with the.. sauce? That she gave us before we even ordered. I had the carne asada without red beans in my rice and my friend had the sobrebarriga en salsa. We finished our food in record time. I will definitely be back!
Visited here for lunch a few days ago. The place reminded me of some the little restaurants that I enjoyed during my travels abroad. Tried the empanadas & they were delish. Had the carne asada with rice & beans. Rice and beans were good but the steak was a little tough but flavorful. The aji(green sauce) definitely enhanced the flavor of every thing. Will be back. More foods that I want to try.  Service was good.
The food here is always good but unless your Hispanic count on getting terrible service.  I am regular customer because the food and the owner are absolutely amazing. However the waitress today was rude and condescending.  I felt rushed as she was taking my order, she was weeded with 3 tables including us and she had a runner.  30 minutes to get appetizer that were pre made empanadas that I had previously asked for 3 times and she kept saying they were coming.  Next time I will order my food to go ad avoid the rude, condescending and dismissive service.  Food is 5 stars but service was  terrible, I hate to write bad reviews especially for an establishment I love so much but she has to learn to be more hospitable.  Restaurants survive on returning customers and service can make a lasting impression.
BABY THIS AND BABY THAT  In 2011 I went ahead and purchased a batch of restaurant.com coupons for a couple dozen places.  What I didn't anticipate was that more than half of them are still in my makeshift folder. This evening it was either Russian or Colombian. Russian place is closed and/or relocating.  So, it'll have to be Colombian.  Last time I dined Columbian style was at Pueblito Viejo on Bird Street, Miami, FL http://www.yelp.com/biz/pueblito-viejo-no-2-miami#query:colombian%20restaurants in Miami, FL  It was like the second coming of Walt Disney. Eccentric, overwhelmingly eclectic to the max, animated and authentic Colombian from the moment I had set foot into that restaurant.  Now keep that picture in mind and strip all those Disney characters from the ceiling and walls.  That's what Oiga, Mire, Vea Colombian Cuisine is simply about.  It's all about the muy rapido speaking server, a room fit for a union hall meeting and those monster black JBL speakers suspended from the ceiling.  Fortunately, it was not time for the partying to start.  So we got to dine in peace and quiet. Yelper Kevin P's review will tell you what it's like during party time. It's the work hard and play hard factor.  Our server was quick to suggest sampling the following (talk about being lead by the nose):  Bunuelo:  round bread, fried, made from white corn flour and cheese  Empanada:  turn-over stuffed with meat and diced potatoes. Served with "Aji" homemade mild green sauce.  Bandeja Paisa:  Colombian traditional mix plate of grilled steak, fried pork rind, red beans, rice, chorizo, fried egg, in this case fried ripe plantain.  Ajiaco:  Chicken soup with Colombian yellow potatoes, domestic potatoes and corn on the cob,  Served with sour cream, capers, and rice.  As it turns out there's enough food for another meal for two.  In retrospect, the leftovers tasted even better.  To wash things down, we ordered a Colombian pina and their version of a cola soda. Our muy rapido server has now begun to call us "her babies." She obviously took a liking to us.  We talked story about family.  She has a 37 year old son... you couldn't tell by looking at her (that's a compliment).  Once again I've tinkered with Colombian cuisine, I would very much like to taste more of this cultural mix of indigenous, Spanish, African, Arab and some Asian influences. It was much too late in the evening to try their Colombian coffee and desserts. BTW... in Miami there are over fifty Colombian restaurants and that does not include the Chinese/Colombian which are extremely popular.
I keep telling myself to give this poor place another chance but unfortunately I went again on December 2013 and the service was horrible and the food as usual not good at all.. Whenever there is any Latinos in town or Colombians I highly DO NOT recommend this place at all since I do not want to make any enemies..If you are craving Colombian food go to Los Angeles there is quite a few places there that are authentic and deeeelicious! the decor is horrendous I feel like I'm in a cave someplace
This was a nice experience...best way to explore a culture is to try their food...and we did just that at this place. The server was very helpful. Only down side is the service is slow , after we finished eating it took like another fifteen minutes just to get the check. Anyway we enjoy the food, we might be back later on to try the rest of the menu.
At first we didn't see the big doors leading to the real dining room.  Just the 5 little tables and a lot of "stuff," making it look like more of a convenience store than a restaurant.  On a weekday night, on the late-ish side, the only signs of life were the owner eating soup at one of the tables, and a young waitress newly arrived from Colombia, hesitantly speaking English.  No prob for me, since I speak Spanish.  I was a little dismayed to think that this "atmosphere," or lack thereof, would be the stage for our first venture at this restaurant, but then I heard noise and noticed those doors.  The waitress explained that there was a meeting taking place in there, and so it was off-limits.  The owner came over and gave us a thorough explanation of the menu, making suggestions, too.  We took most of them:  a couple of empanadas and an arepa de choclo to start (choclo is the word for corn in So. America), a meal-in-a-bowl soup and an Arroz con Pollo entree to share.  Right after we ordered, the small ragtag group - some biker types, some jocks - holding the meeting in the dining room adjourned, and we were able to move into the very big and much more pleasant room.  I wondered what was so secret about that meeting that it had to be kept private???  They couldn't have taken up more than a table or two.    The empanadas were astoundingly good.  The arepa was a little too sweet for my taste; I don't know whether the corn was just naturally sweet or whether sugar is added to the dough.  It was topped with a mass of mozzarella cheese that was probably heated a bit too long - each bite was squeaking when I chewed it.  The soup was simply fantastic, a large bowl of tasty chicken broth that was not overly salty.  We chose the one that had shredded chicken, since we're too damned lazy to deal with chicken on the bone.  This one also came with potatoes instead of rice, which was perfect, since we were having Arroz con Pollo.  And therein lies the problem:  that dish was ghastly.  Both the chicken and the rice were completely dried out.  I threw some of the parsley condiment over it to moisten it, but it didn't really help.  Normally we're not shy about complaining or returning a dish that isn't up to snuff, but this time I was too full from the soup and appetizers to start in with the wait for another dish.  So when the waitress passed by and asked about our food, I told her about the dried-out dish.  She asked if we wanted to change it for something else, and we declined the offer.  But here's the kicker, and the one thing that has really soured me about this place:  I was already outside when my husband went to the register to pay the bill, and he mentioned to the owner about the dried-out rice and chicken.  The response:  "Well, rice dishes are always dry."  Really?  Tell that to Mr. Risotto.  And that was the sum total of the answer.  No apology, and no acknowledgement that maybe that pot of chicken and rice had been reheated a few times too many.   Any restaurant can have problems with any dish.  I've gone back over and over to restaurants at which we had problems, mainly because the owners were genuinely concerned about the quality of the food and desire for the customer to have a positive dining experience.  On the other hand, why should I return to a place where the reaction to a critique is a shrug, even if there are enough good things on the menu to warrant a second visit?  Karma kounts, in my book.
The food was great! full of authentic flavors, the portions were satisfying, the waitress was friendly but the setting is not pretty.    Considering the prices, not the most expensive but not cheap either, I spect to be seated in an air-conditioned dining room and not in the middle of a convenience store, next to an open door with the Las  Vegas heat engulfing the entire space making everyone uncomfortable.  Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed shopping for their goodies imported from Colombia after finishing my meal, but seating in the same area is just not comfortable.
I'm a Colombian living in LA and LV. Wanted to some traditional Colombian food only to be turned away by bad service and little attention. There's only two waitresses for the whole restaurant and one cook. Both to busy to even notice my family and I sitting and waiting. When we called one of them over they rudely told is that it'd be 45 minutes before we could be helped. Left and never coming back. Sad that this is the only Colombian restaurant in town.
I have been here multiple times, hoping for improvements, but the service is the worst. It is negligent, unprofessional, and imprudent. Sadly, the waitresses' bad attitude is more than enough to turn away any customer. The up-in-your-face approach comes off in a very condescending manner. As a Colombian, it is a great disappointment.   // El servicio es lo peor--horrible, por no decirlo de otra manera. Como Colombiano, este lugar es una gran decepción.
I saw reviews here and knew I better try the bandeja paisa.  I have celiac and felt great about everything made from scratch with few flours except corn and hominy.  The corn/cheese and the corn/cheese/beef empanadas are a must try.  And the selection of Latin sodas and juices are amazing, literally from all over Latin america.  The service was amazing friendly and helpful... Bragging a little about the homemade choices is a sign of pride and knowledge.  Hubby tried the skewers... Were very good... And the soup with chicken (galleta) was delish.  Not fancy.  Humble yet tasteful.  Kind of like grandma's from the other side of the tracks.  Must try.
South American food, particularly Columbian and Puerto Rican, are generally best in divey atmospheres. I'm not kidding, the less care taken in setting up a clean, modern, and fashionable restaurant setting, the more authenticity and effort put into making food that is genuine, delicious, and satisfying.  Came in on a weekend afternoon for take out. Opted for the lengua in salsa, the chuletas dish, and two empanadas, which was about $30 before tax and enough for another meal later of leftovers.  The empanadas with the green sauce were a great start to our meal: BF isn't typically a fan of these small meat pies, but he inhaled one and had to be warned not to eat mine as well. Acidity of the green sauce brightened up the flavor. The lengua was to die for. No kidding, the sauce of tomatoes and onions and potatoes is heavenly, the perfect south American comfort food. The lengua itself was a plentiful portion, stewed to just the right texture and doneness that it fell apart beautifully. The chuleta dish was also a gigantic portion, and the green sauce came in handy here as well, keeping the dish from becoming boring. Speaking of boring, most people don't consider rice to be all that exciting. The rice here is perfect: fluffy, light, warm, and flavorful, rather than just filler. I generally stay away from or go light on carbs, and this rice had me sneaking bites until it was all gone. Chuleta was served with a side salad, which came with several tomato wedges and nearly an entire lime- all very fresh! Also opted for a side of yucca, which I love, though this version was nice and crispy like very thick steak fries, but I prefer them with a stronger garlic seasoning to them. Added a bit of salt and ate with yet more of the green sauce. Fabulous.  Overall service was very friendly. There seemed to be a whole family working. Food was made fresh to order and took a few minutes longer than one might usually expect to wait for an order, but the quality of the food more than justifies any delay you might experience.
Everytime I go here it seems the portions get smaller and more expensive. The staff is poorly trained and the food always comes out cold. Too bad there isn't any other colombian restaurants in Las Vegas. I went there today hoping it would get better,  but it just gets worse. I wouldn't recommended anyone going here
Horrible, Terrible..........Overpriced!!! Tipical colombian place... But the food not good enough. The service really bad, slow and poor. They can offerd more because they can't.
I always go to this chain of restaurants to order my pupusas. They come in a range of flavors: shredded pork, with refried beans and cheese; cheese and beans; just cheese; just beans; or all shredded pork. Basically, you can get then in any combination possible with your pickled cabbage on the side, called "curtido." Topping it off with a home-made fruit drink, or horchata (various seeds that are roasted, sugar and milk). If you want something lighter, you have a selection of soups depending on your mood that day. Cheap food and tasty. Service could be better, but the food make it up. Very casual setting.
good pupusas!!!!!! 1st time trying pupusas and i am a fan! its nice to kno there are still types of food out there i havnt discovered yet!!!!!!!!  if you are reading this review and havnt tried pupusas go get it!!!  its like a round thick corn tortilla (the ones they use for south american food) stuffed with cheese and shredded pork. you eat it with an orange sauce and hot sauce if you like...  you are supposed to eat it with pickled cabbage, but i preffer not to. i like to taste the full effect of cheese and shredded pork and hot sauce!  good shit! LOL
I was driving by this spot earlier this week, saw the word pupusas and cut across a couple traffic lanes... Anyway, to get down to business I tried 3 different pupusas-the regular cheese one, a mixed one, and a pork one. They were all great and a little larger than the ones I have had before so definite bonus. The veggies they give you for the pupusas have a nice pickled flavor, you can tell that they took the time to do it right unlike other restaurants that just chop up cabbage and toss it in some sort of vinegar and claim it's pickled...I digress...  The atmosphere is somewhat typical, just a whole bunch of tables and chairs in one big open room. You don't order at a counter or anything, just sit down and enjoy. Worth a stop if you are in the area. It seemed like a lot of the regular customers order a soup- I will head back to try that.
Okay, so I am a little biased because I prefer Chinaco 100x over however, since we were in Vegas and were wanting something a little different than buffet, we opted for salvadorean/mexican.  This place is kinda big, casual - super casual seating. The service is not so good, but the food is just ok.  I ordered two pupusas, revuelta (pork, cheese and beans) and a calabasa (squash and cheese). I highly reccomend the calabasa as it has a lot of tiny little cubed pieces of squash, seasoning and cheese.  I didn't like the fact that the salsas were a light pink super transparent watery mess. They tasted like boiled, watered down tomato juice and a hint of oregano.
I love this place.    The Pupusas are made to order with your choice of cheese, beans, pork, beef, or a combination of everything.  Enjoy with the cabbage slaw and tomato salsa... so darn good!   Siete Mares Soup - a must try.  With chunks of cod, a huge cherry stone clam, mussels, and shrimp.  Squeeze of lime and you are good to go.
Very casual place. Good food for good prices. This is a place to take the whole family and not break the bank. Camarones empanizados and a pilsener beer is my favorite! And I always take some pupusas to go. Service is also very good
If you've never had pupusas, you're kinda missing out. They're a really simple dish, yet they're so good and so filling! Plus, they're one of the few foods that hasn't gotten big time, like gourmet tacos or burgers. So they're still a relative bargain.  I came to this restaurant with a lady, and we ordered a few pupusas revueltas with some sodas and some strange chocolate-y drink. I've got to admit, the pupusas were good. They were hot, and they seemed like they were made just then. I don't know that they actually were, but still. They were good enough that I will return to this place, despite some of my issues, just for the pupusas.   The service was slow. Really, really slow. Slow enough that when I wanted to order more food, I had to go out and find someone to help me (the place was empty, btw). Also, they never refilled my water. It took us forever to get more soda (Cola Champan) when the brown mystery drink was put aside.  It sucks that the service here was slow. This place has a lot of potential to step their game up by just upping the service quotient, and it'd definitely be a four-star place... easy.
my co-worker finally talked me into going here for lunch at work. got a steak torta which was the best torta ive had ever! and then for the first time i tried a pupusas i got the mixed one. it was good. and i will try them again, and get some other ones next time.
Pupusas were yummy.
Yum yum yum, I love pupusas!  I came here with my mom and sister. We all ordered pupusas revueltas (cheese,beans,pork) and I also got a side of plantains, beans, and cream. They gave us a bowl of curtido (cabbage slaw w/ chiles and vinegar) and a bottle of tomato salsa to share. The pupusas came out very nice and hot. They were so hot that I had to wait a few minutes to dig in (that's how you know they're fresh). I always tend to drown my pupusas in the tomato salsa because it's soo good, but I noticed that no one else really does that. The waitress kept on checking on us to make sure we were always well stocked. We ended up getting 2 bowls of the curtido because we were all eating big forkfuls of it (so fresh and tasty). I actually got 3 pupusas which was two too many. They're very filling, so I suggest you just get one or two, especially if you're going to get beans or whatever else on the side. The fried plantains were just how my parents make them at home. Perfectly cooked, soft, not overly sweet, and delicious with the cream and beans.   Pros: *Very fresh pupusas *Yummy curtido and tomato salsa *Fast, friendly service *Large menu (they also have tacos, burritos, burgers, fries, etc) *Authentic food *Cheap prices (we spent less than $25 for 3 people)  Cons: *The location is kind of in the middle of nowhere, but that makes this more of a "locals" joint, which is a good thing!  Tips *Don't order revueltas if you're not big on cheese. I gave my boyfriend one and he said it was too cheesy. Stick to just pork or beans *Try the fried plantains with the cream and beans! *Ask the waitress for more time to look at the menu. She tends to come by kind of fast and you want to make sure you go through the whole menu before ordering.
Food was really fresh! Pupusas were really good! The prices are fair. The fried bananas were really good to, I took my food to go so they forgot the cream, but the food was Delish! Will definitely go back.
This place is tasty!   I had a chicharron and a bean & cheese papusa. They were delicious. At $1.75 per papusa, they're a bargain.  I'll be back!
TRES VECES, la orden me ha salido mal!  No recomiendo este lugar para comida salvadorena.  Trate darle otra oportunidad pero despues de haber recivido la comida mal en tres diferentes ocasiones, ya no mas!  El pollo, el pescado simple y reseco!  Y cuando se le comunica el problema no se hacen responsables.  Muy mal servicio!  Busquen otro restaurante salvadoreno!!! No pierda su tiempo ni su dinero.
Surprised I had forgotten to write a review before now. Las Pupusas has become a favorite lunch spot. Can't beat $1.75 Pupusas and tacos. I prefer those delicous pancake like treats filled with queso. Made even better with fresh slaw and tomato sauce. Calling in orders often means mystery items, rarely is the order accurate, but nothing has ever been bad. Dining in has avoided any problems.
Apparently Yelp hides reviews written in Spanish or sends them to the bottom.  Being that this restaurant is a Latin restaurant where most clients speak Spanish, I wrote my review in Spanish but here's my review in English.  THREE TIMES, I have received bad food!  I would NEVER recommend this place to anyone for Salvadorean food.  I tried to give the place a chance but after three times of the same bad food, I just decided its best to let go.  The chicken or fish dinner plates are horrible.  The meat itself is dry and it seems they are not fresh.  When these complaints are brought to the staffs and subsequently to the owners attention they simply are indifferent and do nothing to resolve the problem.  The last time, I ordered to go and was so angry after I got home and discovered a poorly cooked and tasting fried fish. Gross. I immediately called and over the phone the owner offered to refund the money or another replacement dinner the following day as they were closing for the night. So I was without dinner that night and had to put something simple and quick at home.   The next day and the following days after, nobody wanted to do good on their word of giving me a replacement dinner, even though the owner claimed he would leave a note to inform his staff in charge.  i didn't even want my money but after a few days i demanded a refund, and it was then that they offered to replaced the fish, the fish ONLY because they felt that was the only thing that was not to par.  seriously?lol i laughed at their lack of professionalism.  who buys a dinner plate just for one of the items? a dinner plate is made up of all the items on it to provide you with a delicious eating experience. that means the salad, the rice as well.  so that day they only gave me a fish! LOL i felt that i was transported to El Salvador, a third world country.  Certainly thats the only place where they would think this to be good business practice.  They're a joke! The food is horrible. The chicken and fish is not fresh. Even the second fish was in the same condition.  One of the waitresses even made a comment that's how they do things. She even suggested ordering pupusas as they tend to have less issues with that, some times.    Only because you are a Latin restaurant that doesn't mean you have to provide a substandard service.  There are many other Latin restaurants that do a great job.  This place needs to take notes from them.
Oh Pupusa, how I love thee.  There's just something about pupusas topped with tomato sauce and curtido. The warm corn masa with the melty goodness inside, paired with the little heat offered from the tomato sauce and the bite of crunchiness &  sour and vinegar from the curtido.  It's the perfect blend of flavors, the perfect bite of soft, to crunchy, to hot and cold all in my mouthful.  This place makes all their stuff fresh, so be sure to not come here when you are on a time constraint.  I don't mind waiting for my food when I know I getting fresh, piping hot goodness.  If you want this for a timed lunch, then it is best to call ahead and pick up your order.   For those that don't know curtido is a picked cabbage slaw. Pupusas are masa stuffed with your filling (bean, cheese, chicharron, squash or whatever your favorite combo). I highly suggest the squash and cheese or chicacharron and cheese).  If you are in need of a good pupusa or looking to try somewhere new this is definitely a must try.   Just a helpful note, I always do better ordering my food when I  bring someone with me that speaks Spanish. I don't know if it is because I look hispanic and people do not believe when I say I don't speak Spanish or what.
After looking at pictures from my trip to Costa Rica, I was craving plantains. I was thinking about hitting up a Cuban spot near my house but, my boyfriend suggested a pupusas place. I've never had pupusas so, I was intrigued.  We entered and it was like a big warehouse type restaurant with lots of tables. We ordered the mixed/combination (cheese, beans, meat) pupusas and plantains. Also, had horchata. My portion was less than $5 so, MAJOR score.  It came with some kinda of slaw and hot sauce. I tried the slaw on my pupusa but, didn't like it too much. Hot sauce, on the other hand, I loved on everything including my plantains.  Anyways, I finished my 1 pupusa and half of my plantains. And I was stuffed. And such a happy lady =) Everytime I'm in the area, I try to stop in because they're open early and definately a cheap eat!
Love this place.  Grew up in L.A and had home made pupusas @ my BF house.  It's just as good but it would hit the spot..
Loved their Squash with cheese pupusas! Honesty when it come down to authentic salvadorian food you must try them here! Beside they are huge and I easily get stuffed with 2! Try them and to drink make sure to try their kolachampan (salvadorian soda) I so recommend for you guys to try them out!
It's overhyped. I loved Esmeralda's before they shut it down. Ordered pork and cheese pupusas. Cheese was tasty but the pork had no taste. Even the tomato salsa and curtido were just ok. Pretty disappointed but what should I expect taking advice from Mexicans and Asians who don't have a tongue for salvadorean food. If your full Salvi like me don't buy into the hype. This place is just OK.
This place has delicious pupusas!  I've been to both locations and both seem to have comparable quality.   The menu is large, but it's honestly very difficult to order anything but the scrumptious pupusas. An old friend introduced me to this Salvadoran food, and it is safe to say that I have finally found an acceptable option for when his mom isn't cooking up a giant batch to share with friends and family.   My only complaint is that they do not give enough of the cabbage when you order to go or carry out. Good homey vibes and an inexpensive, filling meal every time!
for about ten years this place has been my family favorite restaurant, every time they change something is for the better, love the food!, you can find the most of the Salvadorian plates! .....try the corn milk in winter time is so delicious! ...I love the new look inside the restaurant!
Delicious food, great service and an amazing experience. The pious as are high quality with great taste. The "empanadas de plátano con leche" are amazing. Very happy with my experience. Will definitely be a go to place in Vegas.
Phenomenal food at a great price. Had never heard of Pupusas until this week and ended up going for lunch twice. However, lack of servers make for an extremely slow dining experience so be prepared to have a long lunch.
Hands down still my favorite place to come for pupusas in town. This location has recently remodeled inside and it gives it a nice friendly face lift.   The pupusas are always so hot and fresh and always cooked perfectly. Not oily, or too much masa and not enough filling. The curtido here is always crunchy and delicious. Never too salty or vinegary.   I also love the variety of fillings they have at this location for pupusas. Chicharrones and cheese is one my favorites but the calabasas and cheese is definitely in my rotation now.   I recently had the yucca and fried chicharrone and while it was not as delicious as my pupusas, it was good. The fried pork was definitely fried as it was super crispy and once I added some salt and tomato sauce it was good eats. The yucca was perfect. Soft and creamy on the inside and a nice bite on the outside.  Helpful Hint: Call your order in ahead of time if you don't want to wait long for your food.  Also know that they charge $1.00 to use your debit.
Hands down..THE BEST PAPUSAS IN LAS VEGAS AND HENDERSON..the great thing about Las Pupusas is that no matter which location you go to around town, the food is consistent and so tasty. I get queso and chicharron con queso with extra cabbage. The pupusas are made fresh to oder so it takes some time to get your order, well worth it. The fried yuca is good, as well as the platanos con sour cream.
Its an ok place , not my kind of restaurant . Service and food is good . Location is not that good . Feels kind is creepy .
Amazing,authentic, El Salvadorean pupusas and tamales. Our family LOVES when I bring these home!
Awesome food, big portions, cheap price. Its pretty decent looking in there and its clean. Only negative thing is parking is somewhat complicated. Mhmmm steak breakfast burritos :)
Avoid this place! I had some beef tacos and they have to be the WORST I've ever had in my life! I have never seen taco meat like this? It looked like they first boiled a steak and then chopped it with a claw hammer and seasoned it only with black pepper. My wife had the steak buritto and encountered the same lousy beef.   I went to this place because I was nearby and a yelper had given it 5 stars?!? I can't even imagine how drunk this person must have been to give it 5 stars.   Did I already say? Avoid this place!!
Great food very clean price r righ exelent services i'am back again good steak love it
They make a good Steak Burrito at moderate prices. The guy behind the counter was really nice too.
Not bad for Las Vegas, Coming from the bay area, its going to be a tough review but holds its own for a mexican joint. The prices are amazing and the burrito holds its own.
Great steak burrito. Friendly service. Like a cross between fast food and traditional sit down. A little warm inside (A/C could be better). Great salsa! Delicious lunch spot :)
I work down the street from el steak burrito, so for lunch I alwayse order from here. Food is actually pretty good here believe it or not. I'm not a fan of the steak burrito,  but all my coworkers rave about it, I prefer there chicken burrito instead. I love how they make there burrito here with rice, beans, pico degallo, and cilantro. Every time I order I usually request for extra cilantro and less on the rice and it comes out perfect.       There papusa is good here also, I like the cheese filling but the other variety are good as well. Make sure you order 2 atleast cause the portion is small, I could probably eat 5 of the papusa alone but I wont lolz, it's hella greasy. The only complaint I have here is the location, horrible parking especially during afternoon. But if you work in this area, el steak burrito is worth the visit. Good food and good service.
LOVED it here! If your a true pupusa lover you will get your fill here. Place is a little dirty and in the summer it gets real hot, but the food is absolutely worth it. Wish they had one in north Phoenix!
I have been going to the pupusa loca for years, and have tried just about all of the different pupusa resturant  in the valley. This place is Authentic and although the ambiance and the area isn't five stars their food makes up for it! Everytime I go I have to order pupusa con loroco (a flower)  frijol, fried yucca, a drink can Chan and some fied fishies (I can't remember what they are called)....I forgot the fried plantains :-) Yuuuuuuuuuuummmmy!! I am not Salvadorian but my friends who are love going to this place.
This place is the best for popusas. Sad to say the location on 43rd and Thomas has closed And is now a mariscos restaurant.
LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Yes it's in the hood, yes the waitress doesn't give a crap about you, yes it's hella hot in there and yes it's full of "beanerish" drunk men just giving you the creeps BUT THE PAPUSA'S ARE THE BOMB!!! That is the only thing I have ever ordered there and will continue to go there!!
Love ethnic? Already tried Thai, Moroccan and Tandoori? Looking for a new culinary adventure? (Isn't that a lot of question marks?)  Then might I suggest a visit to Mi Cocina, Mi Pais, for a culinary tour of Ecuador, along with its southerly neighbors, Colombia and Peru.   Mi Cocina, Mi Pais is a cheerful, mango-painted little corner in a Phoenix strip mall. There's only a handful of tables, so you may need to plan to wait or order to take-out.  There are plenty of familiar-ish dishes, such as tacos and tamales.   But to really get the full impact of the restaurant, but you should try one of the more unique choices here. Such as, shrimp and plantains, ceviche, or aji chile wrapped in banana leaf.   More reasons to visit? (And more question marks?) The portions are huge, and the prices very reasonable.
TAMALES BITCHES....  Man this place has awesome tamales. If you eat nothing else here (and you should try all the other delicious food) eat the green and red tamales. They are really the best. You can make a meal out of the chips and tamales. You won't regret it.  This place is famliy run. The waiter (the father) is impossible to understand (just smile and nod)...but the food is unique, fresh, tasty and very reasonble.  Pretty easy to get a table. Very casual. Scary strip mall...right next to the nicest Taco Bell I have ever seen.  Try the coconut flan cake for dessert. Really good.  And check out the unique beers. I really enjoy both Quilmes and Xginu (sp?).
LOVE IT! The only flaw I saw was that the place is very tiny and the tables are quite limited. So you might have a bit of a wait. Other than that, the food is unique and tasty, and the man who runs the restaurant was extremely affable, friendly and helpful. Everybody eat here!!!
Mi Cocina was a nice change of pace from the run of the mill, wannabe authentic Mexican food dives in Phoenix.  This place serves Ecuadorian cuisine, which is so different and delicious.  The spicy carne steak was tender and flavorful and made a nice contrast to the crispy plaintains and beans on the plate.  I am normally wary of seafood here in the desert, but the ceviche was flavorful.  I urge Phoenicians to give this place a try!  It would be a shame to see such a delicious, non-chain establishment go out of business!
Do not...I repeat DO NOT, go here expecting mexican food....This is not your run of the mills strip mall bertos as it may at first glance appear from the front.  I have been meaning to try this resturaunt for some time and finally made the leap; taking my cousin along who has spent a few years in ecuador so I might get some advice on what to order; though it turned out that we ate just about a little of everything so it didn't matter.  She jumped around with excitement at all the authentic ecuadorian knick nacks and doo dads decorating the shelves and walls.  The flavors of the food were indescribably big and we both jumped aound the plate changing which was our new favorite food based on what we had taken a bit of last. from the Ceviche to the cookies and drinks; nothing disappointed even one bit.   This is my new favorite resturaunt, number one reccomendation and the first place I will take any out-of-towners from now on!
Mi Cocina Mi Pais is the reason I love Yelp:  finding authentic hole-in-the-wall restaurants, that are family run and leave you curious to try more.  Thanks Yelpers!    We stopped off here on our way to the Surprise Stadium for our last spring training game of the weekend.  They offered authentic South American beers: I had the Quilmes, which the server accurately described as similar to a Hennekin, and the hubby tried the dark beer but the name escapes me now.  I ordered the fish in banana leaf served with rice and plantain chips and the hubby got the pork tamales.  Both were delicious!  The fish was firm, served in a smoky paprika veggie sauce and the tamales were amazing!  They were moist and flavorful. I kept stealing from my husband and I don't even care that much for tamales.  They served chips and fresh salsa, none of that canned tomato stuff.  I would love to try one of their ceviches but I guess I'll have to wait until 2009 Spring Training.  Dang it.
Are you looking for a safe yet adventurous place to eat? Are you tired of chain restaurants that are unimaginative and serve pre-made bland and fried foods?  I HIGHLY recommend you find this small restaurant and try the many fresh, home made and tasty dishes. Plus, you get a lot of food for your dollar! Lomo Saltado was flavorful, and well prepared. The Ecuadorean tamales were a little piquant and rich. My other guests, including some very picky eaters, cleaned their plates. This is a clear testament that there is something for everybody. If I hadn't had ceviche earlier in the week, I would have tried it. Judging the ppl around us, they were eating with pleasure and gusto, the food is well prepared and proudly served. I was in Ecuador a few months ago, and this brought back all the fond memories and tasted just like I was there...
This place is gonna cost me about $2,000.  ---- Back story, I was backpacking around South America a few years ago and spent a few weeks in Ecuador. Loved it. Great place.  Of course I ate Ecuadorian food but don't remember much about it.   Now after eating at MCMP I figure it's gonna be about $2,000 for me to go back to Ecuador and try the real stuff again so I can compare the two.  Anyways, loved the oatmeal drink. It tasted like pineapple juice with a hint of spice or cinnamon. Chips and salsa were standard issue.  The two dinners we had were very good. One was like a spicy carne asada, the other was sort of a combo plate with beef, beans, two types of plantains, sausage, egg, rice and chichron.  Our entrees were fine, but I'm really excited to try the other items on the menu.  Empanadas, tamales, and the chiviche looked really good.  This place has about 6-8 tables that's it. Only one person to serve everyone so if the place is packed expect a few more minutes for everything.
Mi Cocina Mi Pais  My Kitchen My Country  Ecuadorian cuisine at it's finest.    This place is only a few miles from my home, but I'd never heard of it.  How's that possible?  Well, I'd never heard of a little website called Yelp until a few weeks ago either.  Thanks to Yelpers I have discovered a hidden gem in my hood.   The restaurant has been around for 5 years and the first year it was open (2003) it was voted best new restaurant by Phoenix Magazine - well deserved.  I was not familiar with Ecuadorian food before this dining experience, but am now an adoring fan.    Tried the following:  Sobrebarriga Bogotana (yes I had to write these down):  Oh my god, melt in your mouth delicious brisket stewed in flavorful tomato/onion stew.  Boiled potatoes served in a sour cream onion sauce.   Bandeja Paisa: A smorgasbord of items.  Rice, beans, carne asada, chorizo, plantains, fried egg, avocado + more.  This is the perfect dish if you want to sample a lot of items.   There is AT LEAST 10 more items I saw on the menu that I want to try.  Can't wait to return!  The only downfall is the place is tiny - I mean really tiny - 6 tables tiny. Lunch weekday was no problem, but I'd bet the weekend peak hours will require a wait.
If my mom was from Ecuador (er, she's from Pennsylvania) then this is what her kitchen would look like.  Don't expect to be greeted by a cute little hostess or have a server come and "pitch" a bunch of specials.  If you want to know about the menu then you have to ask.  The food is interesting, delicious, and not even close to the greasy spoon that we call Mexican food in Phoenix.          The ingredients seem very fresh and none are typical.  We had the tamale sampler appetizer and Mi Bandera (my flag) for the entree and it was more than enough for two people.  Both were delicious.  They have beers from South America and some non-alcoholic Ecuadorian beverages that are very good.  Unfortunately for them, good for me, it was not that busy.  Service is what you would expect from a little place like this.  If you are looking for a unique restaurant, delicious food,  and want to support local family owned business, then make this a regular rotation.
writing this while I'm in the restaurant, so bear with me.  Walked in and this place is making me feel right at home. Its very small, not fancy, but has a little homey feel to it. Seems like a place that should be in the city, not a strip mall in the burbs. There wasn't anyone to greet me so I had a seat where I wanted, and the place is basically empty so they didn't mind. Chips came out, eh, nothing special and I'll probably liken the salsa to that of macayos. Not bad, just nothing special. I ordered the sobrosomethingicantpronounce, and an empanada de puerco. I can never pass those up when I see them.   the empanada was delicious, with a perfect crust. It was a bit sweet, and a bit tangy, the pork cooked in a green chili sauce really set it off. So far so good I am thinking, and I just heard the bell ring signaling my meal is ready...  so I just finished up my main course. Delicious, the meat perfectly cooked and fell apart with a fork, and the vegtables over it almost tasted sweet as almost there was plantain in it. In whatever case, very well executed. I did not care for the white sauce over the potatos, and found it rather bland. The main dish was great overall. Service was perfect from start to finish, though eight now I am the only one in here, so not sure what it would be like I'd they were busy.  +1 for great service +1 for making me feel at home +1 for a great meal
Still a delightful little South American restaurant! We went back again this year and I got my Peruvian ceviche as I promised myself on last year's spring training trip.  A large pile of citrus cured white fish with celery, red onion boiled yam and potato.  It had a good amount of heat to it, though I couldn't tell what it was coming from.  I got the tamale sampler and it was great.  If I had to choose I'd pick the Ecuadorian tamales hands down.  Hubby ordered a pork empanada, which was really good.  Light, flaky crust, and not thick or oily.  The couple that owns it are really sweet and the wife, who apparently is the head chef, also came out to our table to check on us and thanked us for coming.  Oh, and hubby had the Xangu beer again, the one I couldn't remember from last time.
First off this is not a Mexican food place. I overheard a customer trying to compare and it's not the same. The food at Mi Cocina Mi Pais is  South American  with most entrees being Ecuadorian . The owner is Ecuadorian but realized many dishes from Columbia, Argentina and Peru were similar.  In fact we talked to the gal next to us who is Colombian and was so excited to find food from home.   The food was very delicious and we  are planning on going back and trying other dishes. I loved my fish in Banana Leaves  lots of orange, yellow and red peppers with a light white fish.  Tasty with a side of white rice and   bananas  fried  like chips.   My hubby ordered carne asada  Argentina style , very spicy which he adores.  He also had chunky fried plantains . Everything was great.   The place is small but the Host/ waiter / Owner's Son did a great job serving the 4 groups of people . The decor is bright and it's obvious they have a passion for what they do. This place is sandwiched in a small place in a strip mall but don't let that throw you off stop by and give it a try for something deliciously different.
To parapphrase the newspaper review that proudly stands on the counter of this quaint restaurant, "Don't come here, because if you to start coming regularly, this place is small enough where there won't be enough room for me."  Delicious!  The food is great, the prices even better.  3 Large Empanadas for $5.95?  It can't be beat.  The Ecuadorian Ceviche is a wonderful dish to order and share.  It comes in a large heavy glass goblet, almost theatrical, but if you want to impress some people, this is definitely fun to order.
What can I say about Mi Cocina Mi Pais.  Lets just say looks can be deceiving.  For one thing they built a taco bell right in front of this place.  I find myself sitting in the restaurant looking at taco bell and wondering why someone would eat there when they could get a nice home cooked meal 20 feet away!  Looking at the first photo on yelp of the location you can tell that this is a typical mom and pop strip mall restaurant.  Literally though it is a mom and pop place.  The son was the waiter the mom was the cook and the dad helps out when he can come in from his other job.  The service is kind of slow because of this but look past it your about to get a fresh home cooked meal! The inside has wooden tables and chairs and kind of reminds me of a deli.    The food.  Well to start out we got two drinks I got one which can only be compared to horchata and she got the Inca soda which tasted like bubble gum so cool!  They bring you the best tasting salsa and chips I have ever had a at a South American Restaurant.  Our appetizer was a South American Potato Salad.  The presentations was awesome on the salad it had three olives some egg and a sauce that had me scraping it off of the dish after we had ate all the potatoes.  It was slightly spicy but very light surprisingly and very comforting.     For dinner we had the combo plate.  It had rice, eggs, beans,steak, avocado ,sausage, pork rind, fried plantains, potato cake,flour cake, and a tomato pepper mixture sauce.  OMG the combination was perfect for two of us to share.  The beans reminded me of back home when my buddy's dad used to make them on their farm.  I could be in heaven eating just the beans and rice.  The steak was very tender and flavorful.  My palate was left very satisfied.    For Authentic South American Food go here.  If you want to try something new go here. If you want good ol comfort food go here.
When I came to Phoenix from NJ,  one of the things that shocked me the most was the complete lack of South American and Caribbean cuisine. Until now!  I'm Colombian, so when I looked over the menu and found such familiar foods as patacones and bandeja paisa, Colombianas, and batidas de guanabana, I felt like I was home. Dont expect fast service. There is one waiter. It really is a mom & pop run establishment. no small talk while we were there..he took our order and off he went. The prices were reasonable and they had a lot of fun soda-inca cola and Colombiana which are pretty hard to find here. Patacones (fried plantain) were deeeeelisssshhh! Just like you can find at any latin restaurant back east. All in all fantastic food, great menu items, and no nonsense service. Tasty, and we'll be back!
I am a happy girl.  What a lovely meal with a lovely friend.  We had 2 empanadas and a green tamale to start.  The empanadas are a bit like a Jamaican beef patty, ok, but not what I was wanting.  The tamale had a nice green chile and sweet flavor, mild and soft.  Then we ordered the carne asada and the coconut shrimp to share.  YUM!  I am feeling most generous for allowing my dad to take home my carne asada leftovers (because he kid-sat while I went to eat here).   The lentils that come with the carne asada plate were wonderful - I could eat a bowl of those, call them lentil stew and be very happy for a vegatarian lunch.  The kind gentleman waiting on us easily substitued the patacones that come with the meal for fried plantains - my fav.  The coconut shrimp was spicy and delicious too...we finished that off.  I took home the flan since we were too full for anything else.  I'm sure that will make a happy dessert for tomorrow night.  Oh, the beer, Xingu (Brazilian) is like a sweeter Guiness, delicious!  And the oat drink - Helada Avena? - was amazing.  I've never had anything like it and we polished that off too.  No wonder we were so insanely full :-)  Well worth the trek to 42nd Ave and Bell.
The restaurant is perfect for people who conflate all food south of our border with Mexican food (as if it weren't bad enough that people conflated all of Mexico's food with one, imaginary "Mexican" food - but I digress!).  The menus is varied, with plenty to please carnivores, omnivores, pescatarians, and vegetarians.  Everything we tried was great, starting with the oat drink.  The only experience I've had with avena was at a Costa Rican place in Chicago - they served it milk-shake style.  Here, the drink was light and refreshingly sweet, tasting like a healthier pineapple juice.  The Mexican tamales were the best I've had in Phoenix - fluffy and savory, with just the right touch of cheese and peppers.  I can't wait to try the rest.  Entree-wise, try to order something with the aji salsa.  It's like a little pico de gallo from hell - spicy to the extreme, but not in a stupid novelty hot-sauce kind of way.  The spiciness is part of a delicious ride that will highlight the rich flavors of the rest of your dish.  I tried the shrimp-stew - which was delicious without being overly rich.  There was a flavor that was familiar and strange all at the same-time.  It was like meeting your long-lost mother, and then having her cook you the comfort food you would've grown up on if you hadn't been separated from her at birth.  We also had the plato sin carné.  This is not the standard beans-rice-sad-salad vegetarian option that a lot of places serve up.  There was a hearty lentil concoction served with perfectly cooked rice, an over-easy egg, perfectly cooked plantains, and - the crown jewel - some sort of vegetable mush-pudding concoction that the menu referred to as flan, covered in a little bit of what tasted like hollandaise sauce and served on a crisp lettuce leaf.  The varying textures and tastes of the flan/lettuce/sauce combo - which was nothing like the custard-y dessert I normally associate with the word - tasted even better as cold leftovers.  For who isn't normally inclined to drive from central Phoenix to the northwest corner of the city, Mi Cocina Mi Pais is perfect for a date night when combined with the dollar theatre a mile or two down the road.
Mi Cocina Mi Pais is a wonderful Ecuadorian restaurant.  It's a tiny, quaint, family-run affair.  First of all, everything I've eaten here is good.  The sango de camarones is a wonderful shrimp stew.  The argentinian steak was too spicy for me, but they have a less spicy version I loved.  All of the tamales are good, especially the Ecuadorian.  The fish in banana leaves was awesome.   The combination plates were all delicious.  They were out of the coconut flan, so for dessert I had the guanabana confection  which was light and refreshing.  Everyone should eat here!!
I first heard of Mi Cocina from a friend who taught at Scottsdale Culinary Institute.  The Chef/Owner had been his student, and he recommended it.  I love locally-owned ethnic restaurants, so I had to check it out, and I wasn't disappointed.  I am now a regular, and eat there every couple of months.  It is a tiny family-run place hidden in a dull strip center behind a Taco Bell.  Not easy to find, but worth the trip.  If you are new to South American cuisine, fear not.  The waiter (the chef's son) will guide you through the menu with an infectious smile, and wry sense of humor.  The size, and simple look, of the restaurant belie the quality and presentation of the food you will find there.  The menu includes dishes from Ecuador and neighboring countries.  I love the variety.  Terrific flavors in interesting combinations.  Nice portions, and reasonable prices too.  My favorite is the Seco de Pollo (Chicken Stew), but everything I have tried has been delicious.  I am definitely hooked on the coconut flan.
I was excited to try this place out after reading all the good reviews but torn about whether I like this place or not. I ordered a plate with steak, beans, rice, plantains, chorizo, and sliced avacado. I could have cooked everything on the plate and it probably would have tasted better. It was my first time trying plantains and I thought they tasted a little sour. I didn't like them but I boxed them up and gave them to my dad and he thought they were delicious. I had a couple of bites of my sisters tamales and wished I ordered that instead. I am not a fan of tamales by any means but these tamales rocked my world. I will be back for more. We ordered a mango souffle for dessert and the father that works there told the son to make us take it to go in Spanish like we didn't know what he was saying. I thought it was funny because he smiled at us the whole time like we didn't know what he was saying. I am giving this restaurant four stars because I cannot stop thinking about those damn tamales! I'm gonna come back, order some tamales, and try some other things on the menu and maybe I'll bump it up to five stars.
My kitchen, my country, my oh my what a great little offbeat restaurant this is.  Amidst a dying strip mall area on Bell Rd in northwest Phoenix you'll find an authentic Ecuadorian/SouthAmerican place that has food that will make you want to go back for more,.  It's a family run ethnic restaurant that's very small and quaint.  Not hard to drive by, or not see it from the road as a Taco Bell is directly in front of it.  I really don't know why people would go to T-Bell anyway with Mi Cocina a few feet away.  I guess some people don't know better.  The menu has many  different choices to choose from and if you have any questions ask the server/owner's son and he'll gladly help.  I'm a fan of the tamales, pork empandas, and shrimp ceviche.  Oh and I forgot the dessert.  As you're dining there the desset case is just over an arms length away screaming at you every minute.  I'm not a sweets person and even I gave in and tried some delightful indulgence.  This is one of the best "finds" to be found in the Phoenix metro area!
The evening started with a long drive from Chandler and a 40 minute wait for a table.  (This hole in the wall has 6 tables and one waiter who I assume to be the owner.)  Surprisingly, I did not mind the inconveniences at all.  Probably because of the good company.  Probably because you just cannot be impatient with the little gentleman running around tirelessly to serve all the tables with sincerity and a bit of humor.    I have never had Ecuadorian food before, but I assume this place is authentic.  The food and the decor is what I imagine eating at an Ecuadorian grandmother's house would be.  Every thing that I tasted was terrific.  Some items I tried were the Colombiana soda, shrimp ceviche, fish in banana leaf, and shrimp stew.  Last note, this restaurant is not for the faint of heart.  The wait for food is long, but well worth it.  It warmed my heart when the chef (the gentleman's wife?) came out to thank us for coming and wished us a happy new year.  I will definitely return to try the tamales.  You cannot find this food anywhere else in Phoenix.
The world has finally presented me with an easy choice.  After years of wandering through life, decisions half-made or made wholly wrong, a simple and easy direction has shown itself to me: I have to move to Ecuador.  Quite honestly, if the food here is representative of the native regional cuisine, I'm just going to buy a ticket, pack my cat, and head down there.  Feel free to pick over my belongings.  Almost completely hidden from view, this tiny hole in the wall of a restaurant sits, waiting for those looking to find it.  The decor is bright and charming; inviting without feeling like it's trying to be ethnic.  The tables are comfortable and huge.  I had actually thought they were a bit over sized when we first sat down but, well, then food started to arrive.  We were started with the obligatory chips and salsa.  And while they may not have been much to look at, these slightly greasy chips and sweetly spicy salsa are very tasty.  This little appetizer was soon followed by a plate of empanadas and a sampler of their tamales.  Now, I love tamales, so I was probably looking forward to this most of all.  These three (a Mexican red, a green, and an Ecuadorian) were not only beautifully crafted and presented, but they were some of the best quality I'd ever eaten.  If it's your first time here and you like tamales, don't pass that sampler up.  The red might not have been the most stunning, but the green is the perfect blend of cheese, pepper, and corn.  The Ecuadorian tamale was just unlike any tamale I've tried before.  Wrapped in a banana leaf, there was just more filling to it than I'd ever seen in your standard tamale.  The main dishes followed in good time.  Again, the presentation on this food is just stunning.  If I had ever dreamed about being a food photographer, I'd probably start my portfolio here.  The brisket I had ordered was covered in what I can only term as a "salsa" of peppers and various other vegetables.  Combined with the meat that was tender enough to cut with a fork and the avocado slices, it was just a sublime meal.  A combination of flavors that I had honestly never experienced before.  I've had (I think) real Mexican, Spanish, and a variety of other types of food.  The cuisine here is distinctly in it's own category.  I think that's what draws me back to it most: a delightfully inviting, yet wholly unknown, palate to explore.
I like going to this little strip mall restaurant when I can because they have some interesting dishes and great tamales. Phoenix has a lot of chain restaurants, so Mi Cocina Mi Pais provides a breath of fresh air when it comes to authentic Ecuadorian food. The only downside is that this place is really small and sometimes the service can be a bit on the slow side - even if there aren't that many people in the restaurant. The desserts are great to try out too if you save room ;)
Checked this place out for a Thursday lunch thanks to the great yelp reviews and interesting menu.  Head's up, if you get there before 11:30am you may be the 1st person to beat the lunch crowd.  The placed filled up by the time I left at 12:05.  First off, I would go here again just for the salsa.  It was fresh and sweet, yet deeply spicy.  The sweet of the salsa would coat your tongue just before the spice overwhelms it.  So good!  I ordered the Carne Asada spicy.  It came with rice, lentils and fried plantains.    The lentils were similar to pinto beans, but added a new dimension to the dish.  I was not a fan of the plantains.  They were room temperature and extremely bland.  They made the dish look very appealing though.  The meat was very difficult to cut, but well cooked and the spicy sauce was very good.  A different, yet refreshing take on typical carne asada plates.  It was extremely hot and spicy - just the way I love it!  I was sweating bullets by the time I left.  Only downfall was the service wasn't great until he dropped off the check.  That was a bummer after all the positive reviews about Mi Cocina Mi Pais' friendly service.    I could hear the couple behind me talk about how "everything here is good."  I'll be back for more soon.
Loved it! Unique Ecuadorian/Peruvian/South American food with good flavors, excellent presentation and a good variety.  The vegetarian plate comes with veggie flan doused with cheese sauce, grilled plantains, a mound of rice, lentils in a tasty sauce and a fried egg over easy, cooked oh so right.  For those of you who aren't in the know, mash down the rice mound, salt it up, then throw the fried egg on top. Chop it up and feast! I love me some fried eggs & rice and they make the ingredients perfect here.  If you're looking for some unique flavors & food combinations that are sure to impress, check this place out!
Family owned restaurants are delightful and this one is no exception! Got to try the ceveche, and the coconut flan! Our whole family likes this place and we have tried nearly every item and are never disappointed. Small and cozy...you will feel like your eating at a friend's home!
This cozy little strip mall restaurant is a gem. We went in on a Saturday at lunch, and it was not busy at all. The server was a sweet, mature fellow who made good recommendations for beer. Service was NOT especially slow the day we visited, as others have experienced.   The tamale sampler offered a red, a green and a "white" (?) tamale. They were all good, but the green tamale was our favorite. We had  Seco de Pollo and Bandeja Paisa. The meats were tender, the beef deliciously smokey, plantains perfectly fried... I can't criticize any part of the meal. We had Xingu Black beer-- smooth and perfect to go with the comfort food entrees.   Even though we were very full, we didn't want to pass up the desserts. We split a large slice of flan de coco. It looked sort of like a cheese cake with two layers. The top is a firm-ish flan and the bottom is a sort of crumbly, very coconut-y cake. So good, and not too sweet.   To summarize the food: it doesn't taste like restaurant food. It tastes better-- like your grandma made it just for you with lots of love. I hope we have a chance to return and try more menu selections soon!
This restaurant is an Ecuadorian restaurant whose dishes and cuisine are not at all comparable to what we think of as Mexican. The menu has a good variety of selections. Our waiter (who may own the place) was a delight and very especially since we didn't know anything about Ecuadorian food. My wife had a soup/broth of shrimp and she declared it to be excellent. It came with a pretty mounded portion of rice to mix in with it. I had a plate called the flag which contained slices of marinated beef that were wonderful. Knife totally unnecessary. There was also a helping of hominy, fried plantains, potato pancake kind of thing with a delicious sauce over it. and several other things all good. The overall tone of my plate was a very little bit on the sweet side. We'll be back in as soon as we can and we're going to try to bring friends.  I heartily recommend this restaurant to anyone.
Homey, Delicious, Unique.. All words that come to mind when I think back on my dinner here.  First off.. they do take reservations for party's of 5 or more. However a reservation at this small place really just means a bump up in line. Do not go expecting to sit and eat right away. Its a small place.. and is popular enough to keep it busy with at least one or two groups waiting outside during the weekend dinner rush.  This place is run by a husband/wife team and I can only assume the younger gentlemen was also part of the family. Can you beat food prepared by someones mom/grandma? Maybe if yours is from the region your menu is from. Otherwise I highly doubt it.  The Food:  Bandeja Paisa: This is what I came for. After watching Anthony Bourdain chow down on this in the Columbian episode I HAD.. HAD.. HAD to have this. Chorizo, chicharones con carne, fried eggs, fried plantains, plantain patacones, arepa, beans, avocado, carne asada and rice. The only way this could have been better would be to have more of it! How do you make bacon better? You leave the pork back on it and deep fry it. Even with my cold everything tasted amazing.  Empanadas: We had three types chicken, beef, pork. Chicken: Was in more of a flaky, buttery, pastry type shell. I would say this was more of a pot pie in a portable package. Beef/Pork: Both of these were more traditional. My taste buds were a bit off so I had a hard time telling which was which. One of them was slightly sweet and FREAKING AMAZING. I could have sat and ate a dozen of those. I believe it was the pork one that was sweet.  Seafood Soup(Sorry don't remember the name): I'm not a fan of things with fins unless they are in a fish tank ;) My friend has this soup. I was a little worried because it smelled VERY VERY fishy and supposedly the only seafood in it was shrimp. To me when a shrimp has a very strong fish smell that's bad news. I have a feeling it was a fish based stock and that's where the aroma came from. Either way he really liked it.  Fillet with Fried Potatoes(Again didn't catch the name of this. Sorry for the major fail): This was a grilled fillet sliced in a dark sauce with "fried potatoes" which in this case were french fry's. Looked a little odd to me but my friend loved it.  Ecuadorian Tamale: So after reading the other reviews I decided to skip on the red and green as they seemed to be standard Mexican tamales. Could I be missing out? Maybe but I was there for home field advantage cooking. So I got the Ecuadorian tamale. This was cooked in a banana leaf. I was having a hard time getting the banana leaf flavor but the rest of my party assured me it was there. Again.. stuffy nose :(  Flan de Coco: Wow.. two of my favorite things in one, coconut and flan. This was pretty good. I can't say it was earth shattering but the coconut was not overly sweet. The "syrup" had a nice deep caramelized flavor. The flan had a nice texture. I have had better but it was nothing to complain about.  Plantain Torte: This was not what I expect and in a good way! They had mushed up the plantains into more of a pumpkin pie like texture. I believe it was also mixed with either a blueberry or blackberry as the color was slightly blue and it had a hint of one of those two berries. This was my favorite out the the two. It was the perfect sweet. The texture was very nice. It didn't give me that instant insulin shock affect from a sugar laden dessert.  I will be back! Sadly I'm not sure when because I have many many other places to try but I'll get back there sometime. There were still a decent amount of things on the menu I would have liked to try out.  Pros: Super tasty food prepared by someones equivalent of your grandma. Very friendly service.. Think dinner at a aunt/uncles house. Wide variety from many Latin American areas.  Cons: Only thing I can come up with really is the wait. This is more of a personal thing. I really don't like to wait for a seat somewhere. I believe you should be able to make a reservation and be seated within 5 minutes of arrival. But considering this is a mom and pop place, the type of place I would rather see everywhere instead of these chains, I can learn to live with a wait :)  I feel its a tad on the pricey side for a mom and pop.
Mi Comida is a new name for an old favorite. ~ Mi Cocina Mi Pais hasn't changed their staff or ownership, just their name. ~ I guess it was too hard for gringos to pronounce.  Well, ¿Qué te hace pensar que este güero no sabe la buena comida?  A brightly colored, spotlessly clean, and intricately decorated interior make you feel festive and also homey at the same time, as soon as you walk in from the strip mall, Taco Bell drive-thru-facing exterior.  A friendly greeting, a bit of menu consultation, and a basket of chips with a spicy but perfectly balanced salsa was soon in front of me.  My sandwich was piled high with thick, moist slabs of roasted, marinated pork that had the most savory flavor.  It came with a delightfully tangy dish of julienned red onions, pickled in vinegar, on the side.    I used up all of those yummy fuscia onion slivers on my sandwich de puerca; after a tiny sample, however, I left the pico-like salsa fresca alone -- too much heat for this nortero -- but it was a cornucopia of color and texture and flavors!  ¿Qué te hace pensar que este güero no sabe la buena comida?
When did the name change?? One of my very favorite restaurants in Phoenix! Love the ceviche and the fish wrapped in banana leaves is SO YUMMY! Cute little place.
Great food! Small restaurant, so you may want to call ahead for a table. Definitely get the Ecuadoran ceviche app and I really enjoyed the carne asada Ecuadoran style.
Joined a friend here for lunch and enjoyed everything I ordered.  Got a sampler plate that included marinated churrasco beef, green and sweet plantains, chorizo, chicharron, a corn cake and an interesting bell pepper salsa.  It was a lot of food - couldn't quite finish it all.  But it was delicious!  Also the selection of traditional beverages was very tasty and interesting.  Tried some of my friend's goat stew, which was also good - and much milder than I expected. The meat tasted similar to beef or pork.  Service was efficient and attentive, and the waiter was great at describing the food options and making recommendations.
I loved the tamale sampler and the coconut flan. The tamales each had a unique and incredible flavor even the cheese one. Their salsa is to die for with a perfect blend of taste and spice. I really cannot say enought good things about this place. If you are looking for excellent place to eat I would suggest the jewel.
Server not overly friendly but efficient. Chips and salsa complimentary. Not bad salsa but I think it was made from canned tomatoes. Hot day-airconditioning not very cold but I actually prefer that. Warning-the place is small so either come early for dinner or be prepared to wait. The food was good. Authentic, large portions, not bad for the price. For kids, a chicken empanada was perfect at $2. Nicely presented dishes. Service began to slack when the place filled up with one waiter handling the dining room. Would have had a second beer but too late by the time the server came back. Would have had dessert too but again we waited for our check long after we were done. Would definitely come back again and try more dishes just because it's so nice to go somewhere out if the corporate chain world for a change. But if you're looking for super attentive service and can't handle waiting and just relaxing, then be warned. Do not come during their busiest times.
Awesome food, never fails at all. Just don't be in a hurry to be anywhere!
Went for the 1st time......nice and clean but nothing fancy.  Pretty plain. Service prompt but you have to work to get information and recommendations as far as what's good, etc. Great assortment of dishes and items on the menu; fish, beef, chicken, veggie items.  The style of cooking is Ecuadorian and South American....so these were all new dishes for myself and my wife. She had a fish dish cooked and wrapped in a banana leaf, I had an Argentinian style tenderized steak.  * Side note...Argentinian style steak is SUPER HOT!  I like hot food and I couldn't eat it all....too spicy, but it was really good. I asked them if they could tone it down but to no avail. Both dishes came with rice, plantains, beans; all these were excellent and unique. Very good. A definite place to return to.....many interesting  items on menu to choose from.
Hands down! Best Ecuadorian food in Phoenix . . . okay maybe the only Ecuadorian food in Phoenix but still it is phenomenal. We ordered the goat stew and the plantain ball soup with shredded beef. Both of us could not stop salivating over each spoonful and bite. The stew sauce for the goat was amazing and the goat meat was very tender. They served 3 large slices of plantain that was the sweetest plantain I have ever eaten. They only serve the plantain ball soup on the weekends and so we were happy to have ordered it on Sunday. The broth was so good that it was drinkable on it's own. The food took a little longer than expected, but it was so worth it as the cook seemed to have made both dishes after our order. No pre-made stew or soups left to boil and serve.   I will definitely be back to try other dishes. I am so mad that I did not find this jewel of a restaurant earlier after living 5 minutes from this place for the last 4 years. My goal is to hit this restaurant at least once a week and try everything on the menu. I love you Mi Comida!   Mi Comida is a restaurant that Phoenix desperately needs. Good food, great staff, and everything is homemade. Their food alone has inspired me to plan a trip to Ecuador.
Can you say Latin without saying Tex-Mex or Southwest grill?  Why yes, Mi Comida Latino!!  The food is straight off the streets Central and South America.  The only strange part is the chips and salsa served up front. Very strange.  But the menu, oh the menu!  Unique, exciting, authentic, hard to pronounce and difficult to remember.  The stews are fabulous, and the brisket is to die for.  Do not miss the shrimp stew if you like Cajun food. You will love the banana leaf wrapped fish and flan as well. Be forewarned the fiery nature of the pepper condiment and remember that Argentinean can rival Thai for the what-is-hot debate.  The seating is homey, small, and service can be a bit slow.  This is really and truly comfort food from south of the taco and tamale combination plate state line.  We can't give half-stars so I'm going to go on the up side of 4 and a half just based on the food quality and authenticity.
I love this place.  It's not fast food, so be prepared but no doubt it is worth the wait.
Would not eat here ever again!! Not clean,and far from fancy....  the fish dish was bad and smelled. Would not recommend it!
I have been putting off this review for a long time. Frankly. It has been intimidating to write. I want so badly to appropriately convey just how special this little restaurant is. I suppose there is no other way than to spill out all my blinding earnestness in one fell swoop, casually extolling every virtue this little mom n' pop restaurant offers. "Mi Comida", formerly "mi Cocina mi Pais", is hands down, my favorite restuarant in all of the valley. Located  in the most unassuming strip mall, shadowed neath the coporate monster that is taco bell. Mi Comida is a south american restaurant, offering Peruvian, Colombian, and Ecuadorian dishes- of such quality and sagacious cooking method, you'll feel as if your very own south american grandmother you never knew you had cooked it all for you. The food is so good in fact i'd subsitute it for human relationships any day; this leaves you and your wallet: satisfied, happy, and full.  I couldn't tell you what my favorite dish is, probably the entire menu. Every time i come here it is an adventure. Will it be closed? Will it be jam packed w/ adoring fawning salivating foodies? What will i order this time? Seriously i have ordered a different item each time, and NEVER, repeat NEVER was i disappointed. I have brought my parents here, my brother, my sister, my best friends, and even my ex girlfriend, and all entered a little skeptical and cautious, but left adoring fans. I'm not sure if it is possible to describe accurately how much i love this restaurant; and for the life of me i dont understand why the rating isnt a complete 5 *****! i'd like to sit down and chat w/ some of my Yelp friends and open a real dialogue as to why they only gave it 4 stars....i'm lookin at you Iain B.! lol Whether you live in Chandler, or Tukee. Mesa or PV make the drive out here (not you sun city folk you'll kill someone on the way)! YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT!
Came by the restaurant the other day with my wife and a friend who was leary about Ecudorian food.  We all had shrimp stew although I was torn  between that and the shrimp cocktail.  Went with the soup knowing that either way it was going to be good.....and it was. They have a drink there that they say comes from corn.  It's kinda purple and delicious.  Your mind will say it's a fruit drink...it's gonna' be a fruit drink but it isn't.  It has a taste different and it's totally wonderful. The gentleman who serves as waiter is just great: friendly, happy, and very helpful. Great place to eat!
I can not compare this place to anywhere, because no place else compares, including some pretty awesome places in Miami. First of all, how cute are the owners? They remind me of my grandma and grandpa in laws. I had 3 different empanadas and each one was amazing. They were all totally different, including the types of dough, and there is no way I could ever pick a favorite. One was the Queen Arepa, one was just a chicken and cheese, and one was the empanada de verde, my FAVORITE. Can I also just say my picky 7 year old loved each and every thing we got? We also got 3 different kinds of tamales, I dont remember which kinds, due to the food coma I was going into but I remember happiness when I ate them! (One was red, one was green, one was Equadorian, I think) Ok so, for dinner, I got the Bandeja Paisa, which seriously, Im not even sure what was going on there, but it was incredible, meat and I think a sweet plantain and sweet sauce and just some good, Total comfort food. Oh yea and there was an egg. I like anything topped with an egg. Hubby got his all time favorite, his mom is Peruvian and he grew up in Miami, so he knows his stuff...anyways, he got the lomo saltado and said it was amazing! We got the coconut flan for dessert, good but Ill try something else next time, although Im not really in it for dessert! The best way to describe it is comfort food, not mashed potato or mac and cheese comfort, way better. And there is just so much to pick from, it's going to take a lot of visits to get through that menu. Im up to the challenge! Oh and by the way, I did take out, it is such a tiny little place, I think it would be a pain in the ass to eat there during any kind of meal time, I went at 430 and got take out for dinner, no one was there yet. I think I'll stick with the take out plan due to how small it is and the fact that the food takes so long since its all homemade and Im sure that makes the wait time for a table pretty intense....
Love it, love it!  Consistently delicious South and Central American food that you can't get anywhere else in the valley.  It's better than mom's cooking (good thing she's in Miami and won't read this) and defines comfort food!  As already mentioned in other reviews, don't go when you're hungry and wanting to eat right away.  It's a small, family-run business, and everything takes time. The final result, however, is worth the wait.  The Ajiaco is a thick potato and chicken soup, a staple in the cuisine of Bogota in Colombia.  It's delicious and a hearty meal.  The capers and cream are a must- add them in!  The avocado is the perfect side for this dish.  With the cooler weather, this is a must try; but leave some for me please!  The chicken empanadas are to die for- savory chicken in wrapped in pastry.  Add a little lime and you're set to go!  My husband always orders the Bandeja Paisa; another Colombian favorite that could easily feed two, but you'll want your own.  On your plate you'll get steak, chorizo sausage, pork meat with rind, red beans, rice, fried egg, avocado and plaintains; need I say more!    To finish off your meal, order the coconut flan dessert; a delicious combination of custard and coconut in delicate proportions....yum!     Too bad they're closed on Mondays or head over there right now........
If your blink twice while looking for Mi Comida Resaurante Latino on Bell and 43rd Ave you'll miss it!!  This place is small and not very appealing on the outside.  But it's what's on the inside that counts and this place is no exception.  What an awesome little "Ecuadorian Gem" of a place this is!    Mi Comida reminds us of some of the best Peruvian, Argentina and Columbian restaurants we used to go to in Miami but without all of the flair and the high prices. This is truly a mom and pop, locally owned restaurant serving up delicious South American dishes.  This place is very small and quaint with some personality. They do fill up during lunch and dinner, so you may want to come early to get seated right away.    I was excited to see they serve several traditional South American dishes and delicacies which are somewhat similar to but also very different than traditional Mexican food.  I was excited to try their shrimp and fish ceviche served the same way we get it in our favorite Argentina/Columbian restaurant in Miami, which is in a large goblet, tons of flavor and spice, enough to serve two.  It was fantastic!    We had to try their tamales which are a little different than the traditional Mexican tamales.  I recommend getting their Tamales Sampler which consists of a red shredded beef tamale which was excellente' ~ wound up ordering a couple to go, a white green chili with queso tamale, also excellente' and their Ecuadorian tamale which had pork, tomato, carrots and cheesy goodness wrapped in a banana leaf.  This tamale is worth making a second trip back on the same day ~ lunch and dinner!     My friend had their Seco de Pollo ~ chicken stew which was a wonderful dish and a chicken empandas for an app.  She loved it.  Friend #2 had their shrimp stew for an app and their Bandela Paisa with chorizo, carne asada, plantains, rice and other goodies.  The carne asada was tender and delicious with just the right amount of heat and sauce.  It too was excellente'.    Their menu offers several options so don't be afraid to ask the server about the dish before ordering.  Try their empandas, tamales or ceviche as an app or pick several different ones as a meal.  You can't go wrong here!  You will leave satisfied, happy and already to planning what to eat on your next visit.  I'm always a little cautious when I read reviews from people I don't know that state things like "this is the most authentic food..." especially when it's ethnic food and the writer is whiter than me.  Who knows, these writers may be from Ecuador and somewhere in South America, but what I do know is the food at Mi Comida Resaurante Latino taste as good as or better than some of the best South American restaurants I've been to.    They keep it simple with tons of flavor and lots of love! I hope to see you there.
I only give five stars to places that I have been multiple times and been consistently impressed by both the products and the service.  It has to be a place that I would absolutely recommend to anyone, any time.  It has to be, dollar for dollar, a better overall experience.   Mi Cocina, Mi Pais (their name before some ridiculous chain bearing the same name threatened a law suit) unquestionably fits the bill, and was my regular restaurant during grad school.  I have brought several people to dinner here only to have them leave in gushing awe. The food and service are simply soulful.  It's a challenge to find something that I didn't like there, but I found they are especially good at the slow cooking stuff - stews and the like.  The highlight for me is their sanduche de puerco - a slow cooked pork sandwich served with their incredible and noteworthy aji (a salsa so flavorful and addictive that it deserves a special place of honor).  Mi Cocina, Mi Pais is the sort of place that happens when owners take pride in their food and see their products as a reflection of themselves and their home.    Recommended.
My wife is Peruvian, so we were both very excited to try a new South American restaurant.  The place is very small, with just about six tables, but they are also short-handed on staff--be prepared for slow service and excellent food.  The menu is primarily Ecuadorian, Peruvian, and Colombian, but is peppered with dishes from other nearby countries such as Argentina.  We tried several traditional dishes, including churrasco (steak w/ eggs, fries, plantains, and rice), ceviche de pescado, empanada de pollo (chicken pastry), sango de camarones (shrimp in a peanut soup), and chicha morada (refreshing Peruvian purple corn drink).  Everything was expertly prepared and came out piping hot from the kitchen.  It felt like a home-cooked meal.  There aren't many non-Brazilian South American restaurants around, which makes Mi Comida that much more valuable.  It's on par with Contigo Peru in Mesa, which is another one I'd highly recommend.  Mi Comida has character, serving up authentic traditional dishes the way they're done back home in a cozy atmosphere.  It is not to be missed.  Call ahead to ensure they're open--they have odd business hours that tend to change.
The food is fresh and natural tasting. It's simple in ingredients, but complex in flavor. It's not loaded with cheese or heavy sauces. It feels light but filling.  The restaurant is small and charming. It was busy the afternoon we lunched there and ended up waiting an hour for the food. We didn't complain, though, because it seemed as if they were short of staff and our server was elderly.
I love South American cuisine.  Central and South America are in my mind the only regions that can compete with the Indies for the most amazingly deep flavors.  I love how casually sweet, spicy, tangy and savory all interplay.  To me, soul food is less about richness as the result of copious amount of butter, but rather heartiness as the result of complex-yet-unpretentious spices and flavorings.  The mere mentioning of aji me want to salivate and cry at the same time.  I. Love. South American cuisine.  I also love small hole-the-wall restaurants with rundown interiors and friendly service, and I covet restaurants businesses run by immigrants families who are proud of their heritage.   The moment my friends and I sat ourselves at the slightly beat up wooden table, I thought to myself, "This restaurant is perfect."  Cute old man working front of house; proud wife/mother cooking in the back.  This restaurant is like the "Christmas Shoes" of restaurants -- ingeniously constructed to pull at every single one of my heartstrings.  ...And that's why writing this review kills me.  We started off with the sampler of tamales, which all came out hot and tasty.  The Ecuadorian tamale was especially delightful.  The pork was moist and full of flavor -- definitely a great note to start on.  I noticed they had Inca Kola.  Another plus!  Off to a great start!  Unfortunately, the entrees dropped the ball big time.  I ordered the mahi mahi stew with yucca root; my friend Elaine got the Ecuadorian churrasco, and my friend Ravi got Mi Bandera(?).  I will chalk it up to the fact that it was a tad bit busy and the server/owner was kind of all over the place, but it seemed as though our food had been waiting for a while before being presented to us.  The pork on Ravi's plate was lukewarm and dry, as was the "steak" (which appeared to simply be a thin slice of top round) on Elaine's plate.  Both had some flavor, but the flavors weren't particularly vibrant.  The churrasco in particular could have used a boost.    My fish was fine.  The broth was very tangy, but I'm a vinegar-lovin' Filipino, and so I like things on the tangier side, but other than the few pieces of fish and yucca, there wasn't much more to the dish.  It needed a bit more substance; it seemed almost as though it was meant to be served with a plate full of rice.  On the plus side, the plantains were cooked perfectly.  I want to believe that the mistake was ours, and that we ordered the wrong entrees for our palettes, but the sad truth is that my friends that night and I are very forgiving diners with adventurous palettes, andMi Comida disappointed us.  The novelty of South American cuisine in Phoenix makes this restaurant worth a look and I truly do wish the restaurant the best, but based on this experience, the chances of me returning are pretty slim.
I've only tried their Ecuadorian Tamales and La Bandeja Paisa, but if the rest of their food is half as good as those two things, this place is still 5 stars. The Ecuadorian Tamale was especially good.  How people can walk into the Taco Bell when this place is right behind it, is beyond me.   First time trying plantains as well. I'm a fan.
Nice family owned restaurant with delicious South American food.  I'd highly recommend it
After much anticipation my husband and I finally tried Mi Comida last night. I am so glad we did!   We got there about 8:30 and the place was packed with a small group of people waiting for a table outside. (No other place to wait.) We waited for about 15 minutes, while trying not to stare at the what everyone is eating outside.   When we were finally seated we waited another 15 minutes to get our order taken. The only person running the front of the house is a very cute older gentleman with a heavy accent. So service was a bit slow... After he took our order we waited patiently for our beers. For about about another 10 minutes. The man realized he forgot our beers, apologized, and went and grabbed them. But seriously, this man is so damn sweet it is hard to get mad at him. His smile melted any annoyance that was building up inside of us.   Our food finally came. I ordered the green chili and cheese tamale, the plantain and cheese empanada, the vegetable flan, and a side of beans. The tamale and empanada  were excellent. Very flavorful. I didn't like the vegetable flan though. The texture was a bit off, like molded baby food. And I should of asked about the beans, because they had pork in them. (I'm a vegetarian.) My husband happily ate them. He said they were delicious. My husband ordered a ceviche plate and a pork empanada. He said it was great.   We will definitely be back. The menu is huge and we can't wait to try some new dishes!
I grew up in Ecuador,  and travelled across South America through my teens for several swim meets.  I love this place.  The food is the closes you can get to authentic.  I love the Mi Bandera (in Ecuador this dish is called Yapingachos), of course I have to love it, it has potato patties filled with cheese, what's not to love.  The ceviche is perfect, they even serve it with popcorn, the way the do it in Ecuador.  I love their Flan de Coco, coconut flan, so yummy I can feel my hips expanding just thinking about it.  I usually go on a binge when I have dessert.  It is good for my waistline that they are about 25 miles away from my home or I would be there every week.
Everything I have ever got is very good. The pork sandwich is killer! You can also get takeout which they dont really advertise.
We went here for dinner last night.  After leaving our house in CenPho around 6:30, we arrived home around 10:30.  Traffic was normal.    The place was full when we arrived a little after 7, but a table became available 10 minutes after we arrived.  Save for a party of two, none of the people sitting in the restaurant had food.  Understandably, we were last in the queue for a full house, but we didn't even get drinks until 8:30.   That means we had to sit under fluorescent lights with nothing but a screaming baby to soothe our nerves.  It felt like waiting for your name to get called in an emergency room.    Over the course of the evenng, three other parties arrived after we did, and their wait for food and drink was not as long.  I understand that timing is everything and we probably came at the worst possible time.   That said, after reading other Yelpers say that service was slow, we had no way of knowing that "slow" meant we would wait more than an hour for drinks, more than 1.5 hours for appetizers, and about 2 hours for food.  Under fluorescent lights.  With a boor or two yelling nearby.  Am I complaining about service?  No, because the old man that ran the joint did all that he could.  He was as sweet as can be.  It just may be that a little place like this cannot handle all the business from all the buzz.   The Ecuadorian fish ceviche was unbelievably good and hearty.  Seco de chivo (goat stew) was tasty.  Love the plaintains.  The merlot was surprisingly good (no burn going down despite the low price tag of $4.50/glass).  We had 3 kinds of empanadas -- two were okay, one was not good.  Hubby's steak was flavorful but tough.    The food is worth the price and I strongly suspect that the kitchen performs better when the place is not packed to the gills.  I would come back if I am nearby, but a taco from Taco Bell beforehand would probably improve matters.
How does anybody stop at the Taco Bell across the parking lot?  Great food, great prices. I rarely order beef, except here. The appetizers are delicious and filling, perfect for a quick lunch by themselves. The tamales are some of the best ever. Don't come if you're in a hurry, but if you understand that the service will be slow, you won't be disappointed because it's very friendly. It's a small place, but I've never had to wait for a seat. One of my favorite restaurants in town.
Real Deal great food here.   I have held off on my reviews as I only have been there 2 times. The first time I tried what you would call a sampler platter. It had a little bit of everything. I scarfed it down and was wanting more!   The second time was for lunch. I had an Empanada trio. Each one was so unique and flavorful I wanted more again.   The staff is great, friendly and willing to talk for a bit if not too busy.   This is a N Phx treasure for sure.
Greatest Hispanic food in the valley!
I really had an enjoyable dinner here.  The waiter/owner (I'm guessing) was awesome. He was cracking jokes with us and was really fun.  So what did we have? Now he was the only guy running around in this little restaurant (maybe like 6 or 7 tables) so he was plenty busy. Yet, he was still pretty attentive of our table. The guy was hilarious though... definitely made the meal more enjoyable.  This is what I remember having (it's has been about 3 weeks since my trip to Arizona): Inca Cola and the columbian pop as well... I split half a can of each with my brother. Not too bad... both were kind of too sweet for me. The Tamale Sampler platter:a red, green and Ecuadorian tamale. The Ecuadorian tamale was really tasty. The pork and vegetable combination in that tamale really went together well. The others were Mexican style, which I felt were good, but readily available at other restaurants. The Queen Arepa was delicious. Definitely worth a try. There was a shrimp dish that was kind of like a gumbo. I wish I remembered what it was called. Did not disappoint. Lastly, we had some sort of fish dish in a banana leaf. I didn't really like the flavoring of the fish. I guess it was just an odd mix of spices that I didn't find too appealing.   All in all, a really awesome meal, even though I wasn't a fan of the fish. I would definitely go back whenever I'm in Phoenix.
This place is the very definition of a hole in the wall. In fact it's wedged in between an appliance repair store and a trash can. There are 5 tables in the place and one outside. But don't let the interior fool you. The sole employee I ever see working here is very kind and energetic. They serve beer and wine which is always a plus in these hole in the walls. The food is great and hearty. Every dish comes with at least 2 other things they throw in a cup for you. My favorite thing here is the Argentina carne asada. But beware, it is HOT. The ceviche is the best I have had in Phoenix and the pork empanadas are great appetizers. All in all I would recommend this place to anyone. There is "safe" food there so you can bring your squeamish friends there to kick their taco bell habits and just enough outside the norm food to please the experimental side in us all. Pricing is great too. Easily 5 stars if I ever seen one.
Horrible service!!! We waited over 3 hrs for our food and never came. I do not recommend this place at all! It's too small and not very clean! All the positive comments must be from family members because there is NOTHING positive about this place!  DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME!
Saw too many great reviews for this place to pass it up.....although I drove by it because it is hard to notice right behind the Taco Bell, so for a second I did pass it up.  It is a tiny little itty bitty restaurant with about 8 or so tables inside.  Service wasn't the best either but that is what is expected at a place like this.  Thank god for the Yelp app because I took one look at the menu and I got dizzy with trying to figure out what I wanted.  I went with Arlin B's recommendation on the sampler tamales and even got a beef turnover.  I was the first one in the place and it only took about an hour to get out of there because they were still setting up (like I said dont go for the service) but the tamales were awesome!  The masa was very moist which is huge and they had plenty of stuffing in each.  The Ecuadorian tamale was different but still very good, the green was the best with large green chilies inside, and the red was fantastic as well.  I did not care of the turn over and the salsa was spicy but to much of a tomato taste to it.  Maybe that is authentic Ecuadorian and if that is the case those folks have terrible taste.  The overall experience was worth it and I would go again....probably take out.  Bring your patience..... or a book.
Wow, the food here is so good and very cheap. Our Family ate here under $20 and had so much food left over. Plan on waiting a little bit for your food as everything is cooked fresh as you order it. But it is definitely worth the wait. Everything we ordered was delicious. We asked the owner / waiter what to recommend & tried a variety of items. The tamales & beans we the best restaurant tamales I have ever had, they will keep us going back for more!
Absolutely love this place.      Its very difficult to see from the road and doesn't look like anything special once you're inside but the food is phenomenal.      It tastes like what your Ecuadorean mother would make if you had an Ecuadorean mother.      It's a completely family run restaurant, the son and the father work the front of the house while the mother handles everything back in the kitchen.      Have been here many times, have tried most of the stuff on the menu and plan to keep coming back here for many years to come.     As a warning, this is hardly standard American fare and I've noticed other reviewers coming in disappointed because the food isn't Taco Bell or On the Border.      This is hearty and authentic South American food, something you'd be likely to find in Ecuador or Peru and done very well at that.
Such a unique, quaint place to eat with authentic Equadorian Food. The service is slow but only because the owner prepares each gourmet meal by herself while her son waits tables. Very good service, delicious food, and all in all a wonderful experience! Would recommend Mi Comida to anyone!
As a South American in Phoenix, I find there are few true South American restaurants that don't completely bend to Mexican food traditions...  So I was delighted to find a Reina Pepiada Arepa from my home Venezuela, and many other true South American dishes.  The service is a little slow, so don't go there if you are really hungry already or in a rush ... but well worth it. Will repeat!
This place is amazing! Though there are few tables, meaning you may wait up to an hour for a table, the food is well worth the wait. The carne asada is incredible, so simple and yet so flavorful, and the tamales are absolutely delicious.This is definitely a restaurant worth your time but make sure to go there with plenty of time to spare.
It is finding places like this that makes Yelp so awesome! My Husband and I would have never walked in but for the great reviews, and we were glad we did! The place is small but the menu is rather large. My recommendation is to pick a plate that includes beef - the beef is really tasty. The empanadas are okay- we had two different ones. We had a pastry with guava and cream cheese for dessert and it was lovely. The filling reminded me of rhubarb.
I'm not used to finding delicious food in a strip mall. I'll have to get over that now that I no longer live in Chicago.   When we arrived yesterday evening we were the only people there, but it quickly filled up. I thought the restaurant served Mexican food and was pleasantly surprised to discover Peruvian, Ecuadorian and Colombian influences. Total we had arepas, tamalas and Peruvian carne asada and we very pleased.   The only con is that the service is slow. Our waiter was an older gentleman who moved at a slower pace. When you think about it....what's the hurry?
at first I was skeptical about the place. but will give it a try anyway. it took forever for our food to come in, because we didn't order the lunch special but order a tons of authentic food. 2 appetizer and 2 main dishes. unfortunately I can't pronounce or remember the name of the items we ordered. but the food was amazing. you have to ask for their special salsa. awesome. I asked for 2nd, and they say. well. we sell these and don't give out to customer. lol. anyway, the sour fish was ok. but the tamales is not your average mexican tamales. and don't call their food mexican food. because they are not. what we ordered was colombian food and they were goood. and the purple drink was good as well.
Simply Amazing.  Being a vegetarian, there aren't many Hispanic restaurants that cater to my dinning morals.  Mi Comida veers away from this sad trend and offers exquisite vegetarian options which include plantains, lentils, vegetable flan (delicious), and more.  The food is surprisingly healthy and there is only vegetable and olive oil in they're goods.
Absolutely love Mi Comida, their food is amazing even if it does take a while to get to you. I wouldn't recommend going on a weekend night, I've waited more than 30 minutes outside for a table before finally leaving on two different occasions. Food is really incredible though, and if it looked like a table was going to open up I would have waited longer.
Mi Comida is EXCELLENT.  I've been a dozen times or so (used to be called Mi Cocina Mi Pais, which means my kitchen my country).  The food is 5 stars but be ready to explore when you get there.  Not much is typical about the menu.  Even the beers are not what you normally see.    There are 3 different types of ceviche.  The one with white fish is the star bur all are great.  You must, MUST, get the Ecuadorian tamale.  It is wrapped in a banana leaf and just to die for.  They are darn big and run about $2.50.  My wife almost always gets the chicken stew.  So simple and so yummy.  I have a hard time staying away from the Bandera.  It is a Colombian collection of rice, sausage, fried egg, plantains, beef and an arapa (a little cake of masa).  Yikes is it good.  The fish wrapped in a banana leaf is also wonderful.    Every dish on the menu is a star.  I'd recommend you stay away from the empanadas and traditional Mexican style tamales.  Not because they are bad, but only because there are other much more defined stand outs on the menu.  There are only 5 tables inside and it is located in a strip mall behind a Taco Bell.  Don't be fooled by the location.    Don't go here if you are in a hurry.  You must relax and enjoy.  Only one person cooks and only one person serves.  The Chef/Cook/Owners husband or son will be your waiter.  The husband is hard to understand but it just adds to the charm.  The son is soft spoken and great.    The chef is classically trained and worked at the Four Seasons for many years before she started this restaurant making the food she loves and grew up with.   Mi Comida is a special place.
AHmazing... loved the tamales, the service and the mango shake! The waiter was so helpful and patient as I was not able to understand all the options on the menu... his recomendations turned out to be delicious and I am so happy I found this place with the help of yelp! I hope if you want so authentic food you give this place a try you will love it :) The presentation of the food also was impressive... and it tasted as great as it looked!
Probably the best restaurant I've found in Glendale.  It is a nice change of pace from the chain restaurants in the area.  I've been here 4 or 5 times since I moved here and always had the same thing.  I keep telling myself I'll eat something other than the empanadas, tamales, and arepas; but they're so good that I can't stop myself from ordering them.    I wasn't very impressed with the ceviche.  You get a huge serving of it, but there was way too much acidity for my taste.    The restaurant is small, and service isn't very fast.  But it's owned by a husband and wife with the husband taking care of the front of house and the wife cooking, and they are super nice.  I will definitely be back!
Just had lunch here and it was pretty good. I got the tamale sampler. I like the ecuadorean tamale, then the red and the green the least. Chips and salsa was great. And I got the flan dessert to go and I'm glad I did. It's pretty good.
Incredible Ecuadoran food. Clean, great service and family atmosphere. Try the seco de pollo or the sudado de pescado. When they have guava mousse, order it for dessert. It's sublime!
This is the MOST AMAZING PLACE EVER!!!! ***** I feel in love with this small restaurant as soon as we walked in!!! THE OWNER Carlos is FANTASTIC and the food was the best Latin food I have had in my short lived life so far!!! It is simply GREAT, AMAZING, AWESOME, a MUST TRY!! **I had the Encocados de Camaron, it is shrimp in a milky coconut curry sauce with white rice, along with little plantain chips on the side, Mmm GOOD!!  ** My best bud Shashi got their Carne Asada plate, which included a spicy, juicy carne asada steak with lentils and white rice!! I also tasted this and it was AMAZING!!! ***Great place you MUST GO TRY, it was far from my home, but well worth the drive and wait on our plates, since it is all freshly made from scratch. ** I also took 2 of the Guayaba cheese filled empanadas to go for my mom and dad!! THE WERE ALSO AMAZING, I had a bite or two!! :)
My sister actually found this little gem while looking for latin american restaurants in Arizona. It was a bit of a drive for my family but overall, it was totally worth it. The food was inexpensive and very good! We got the ecuadorian fish ceviche to start and it was definitely enough for all four of us - huge portion and very fresh. We also got the ecuadorian tamale and the beef and pork empanadas as appetizers. I would come back solely for the pork empanada and the tamale! As an entree I got the banana leaf wrapped fish which was cooked very well and came with a bunch of really flavorful veggies and sauce on the top. The food was awesome and extremely reasonably priced. the tamale and pork empanadas were the stars of the night, the ceviche was also a hit! The only negatives were the service was a little slow and the owner was difficult to understand but very friendly and cute! I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a little hole in the wall latin american restaurant with great food!
I happened to be on this side of town - a rarity - and my friend brought me here for lunch. Now i'm a little sad that it's so far away!  One thing about this place though - you have to know what you're getting into. This is a tiny, family owned place. There aren't a whole lot of tables (don't know how busy they ever get) and if you're in a hurry, go someplace else. The owner / waiter is on the older side and, well, just isn't in a rush these days i guess.   If you're in the mood to relax, enjoy good food, and enjoy the company you're with, this is a good spot. The dish i tried was great (don't remember what it was called), my buddy had the carne asada (spicy) and it was very good (but really - super spicy. they have a not-spicy version too.) They also had a lot of items on the menu for pretty cheap.  All in all, a great little place to break away from the norm if you're in the mood for something different.
This place is crazy good. As other reviewers have mentioned, it's definitely a "mom and pop" place with limited seating and slower service. But your service comes with a smile from a nice old guy who seems genuinely happy to have your business, which is becoming rarer all the time.  If you don't know anything about Ecuadorian food, you will have a good time and a lot of surprises exploring the menu. They have some things you might recognize by name, like tamales and empanadas, but bear in mind they are prepared in a different style from what Mexican restaurants would serve.  Be a little adventurous and try some things that might be new to you--I don't think you can go wrong at Mi Comida!
Family owned and operated restaurant with mom and pop charm. I went here for dinner and enjoyed their food very much. We ordered the shrimp in coconut sauce as an appetizer. The dish came with crushed and fried plantain on the side and was absolutely delish! For dinner we ordered the Tamale Sampler and the Carne Asada, both were wonderful and full of flavor. Since I had read the Yelp reviews prior to going I could not resist trying their desserts. The CoconutFlan was super tasty and now is one of my favorites. The service was great and reminded me of European style service. I will definitely eat here again!
A Gem!  I'm in love!!! Food here is super tasty and fresh. The owners are Adorable!  It's awesome to find amazing and otherwise never to be known eateries on Yelp.  For a cute lil mom and pop spot, with charm and authenticity and deliciously soulful food, Mi Comida Restaurante Latino takes the cake!
I trusted the Yelp community and found yet another hidden gem.   Mi Comida is tucked away behind a Taco Bell in a strip mall. When you walk in it's a little shocking how small the place is. The service was a bit slow. As other have said there is only one older gentleman that seems to do all the serving. He was very friendly but moved at his own pace. The food makes up for any other shortfalls this place might have. We were a party of 5 and ALL of us enjoyed our food immensely. I know nothing of the South American authenticity but I know taste and this meal was plain great.   Bookmark this place now and give it a try next time you're felling adventurous. You'll thank me later.
LOVE this place and I miss it so much! Be warned: slow service, but WORTH IT! A little old man works there. He walks slow and he's hard to understand, but he is so nice to talk to and I can't get enough of his food! It's definitely on my list of top 5 favorite restaurants (sometimes number 1 depending on what mood I'm in). I highly recommend the coconut shrimp (something Cocado), Mi Bandido, and the wonderfully strange mango drink! It's creamy and so tasty! My husband LOVES the Carne Asada.  I can't WAIT to go back! I highly recommend this place!
Be sure to put this one on your "must try" list if you are a fan of authentic ethnic food!   Menu is extensive with chiefly Ecuadorian, Peruvian, and Colombian dishes. Even the drink and dessert menu boasts authentic dishes you will not find just anywhere.   Portions were generous, food was served hot, and the presentation of the serving made me feel like I was away on a brief vacation!   Our server appeared to be the owner. He was genuinely friendly as well as attentive.   Wait time for the meal was under 30 minutes, which is what I would reasonably expect for a homestyle restaurant with good food made to order.   If you are looking for an appetizer, I recommend pork empanadas. They are reminiscent of the meat pies you will find throughout many countries in Latin America.   Meats are well represented on the menu. You will find beef, chicken, pork, goat, fish, and shrimp dishes to suit most tastes. Seasoning is just right, and the homemade salsa was served on the side of my entree in a little ceramic cup, which was tasty and spicy enough to satisfy my craving for heat.   The tamales as well as the fish are steamed in a banana leaf (typical of Central and South America). The flavor the banana leaf lends to the steamed dish is uniquely different (in case you are not familiar, the banana leaf is not edible).   Most dishes are served with fried plantains, which are out of this world!   Dinner prices are reasonable and range from $6.99 to $11.89 per entree.   The restaurant is very small and the decor is simple and native of the region of cuisine, which adds to the true feel of the experience.   My gut reaction is to keep returning and eventually try everything on the menu. Our party had the same exact reaction as the previous reviewer as we walked out of the restaurant. "How does anybody stop at the Taco Bell across the parking lot?"
THIS Little restaurant is my best friends favorite... and I don't blame him, this place is great!!! The food is oh so amazingly fresh and full of taste buds satisfying sensations to your mouth!!!  _ Carlos, the owner is fantastic!! :)  Small place, but great food and great service!! :) Give it a try if you haven't yet!! The service wait time was moderate, considering it's own and operated by the owner and a small kitchen staff, the wait time then is understandable!!   MY MOST FAVORITE THING FROM THIS PLACE IS the must try ENCOCADOS DE CAMARON, AND the also wonderful GUANABANA SHAKE!!! OH SOOO GREAT!!!
Hit & miss, I've been here a couple of times and they do have some amazing items like the Ecuadorian tamale but the other items I've tried out aren't that great. I wish I could find something else on the menu to love but, the tamales deserve a trip just don't expect everything you try to be as delicious.
Went to this place with a group of coworkers a few months back (July 2012~) We enjoy trying new places and new food, so we really liked this place.  The food was delicious, presented beautifully (you would not expect that from a tiny place like this)  They have a couple of unusual beverages and I ordered pitchers for our table so everyone could try them if they wished to do so. I did like them, I think it was purple corn and oats...  I am only giving 4 stars because the chairs and the salt and pepper shakers looked like they could use a really good cleaning... : ( I couldn't bring myself to say anything about it but... it should not be necessary, the owners should be careful with that kind of stuff... Right?
We needed a good place for lunch near the airport and found this place on Yelp! Situated in a small strip mall and very modest inside, but the food is excellent. We started with the tamale combo and really enjoyed it.  We really liked the Ecuadorian tamale. We also got the potatoes with cheese sauce, topped with egg and olives. It was good but we've had better in Dallas; the cheese sauce lacked the spicy kick that we get at Peruvian places in Dallas. The topper was their empanadas. I got the chicken and the wife got the pork. They were the best empanadas that we have had in the US! They were simply excellent, with a complex of flavors. The service is a bit slow but I think that is because everything is made fresh to order. This place is small and may be out of the way for most people, but the prices and food cannot be beat. We were to happy that Yelpers led us to this great find. We would return in a heartbeat.
Me and my son's favorite place!  Get the Ecuadorean tamales and seco de pollo!  Apple soda is great too!  PS:  Expect slower service, because it is TRULY mom and pop.  If you go in with this attitude, you'll really enjoy the experience.  If you want quick, timely servers that ask you how food is every 30 seconds, you may want to try Olive Garden or something.
Hole in the wall place stars given for food not service! I saw many plates and all looked amazing I wanted to try them all !! I had the spicy beef which was awesome I love the red marinade. I asked the little old man you see in the photos for a recommendation and it was like pulling teeth so don't expect much from him. He was captivated by his little tv and not serving. I would go back any day for the food
As advertised; real deal Ecuadorian/Peruvian perfection.  Can't wait to go back!
I love this place. I have been coming here since before they changed the name due to a TX based franchise telling them they could not use it. They said it was cheaper to change the name and the signage rather than deal with the legal expenses. Everything is really tasty.   We always start with the tamale sampler platter and then get a couple of dinners to share. Goat stew is really good when they have it. I like the Bandeja Paisa which is a big plate full of the typical food eaten down there to fill you up. They make my dishes extra spicy for me.  Try to get there when they open or when they are not too busy. When the place is really full of people it can take awhile to get food but it is worth the wait. The guy with the cap that works out front giggles a lot and is always entertaining. Riquísimo !
I loved this place so much that I started writing the review at the restaurant before I left!  The food here is delicious.  I tried 2 entrees.  Why not order lunch for tomorrow.  Haha.  I had a fish dish and my all time favorite, bandeja paisa, actually a Columbian dish.  Both were delicious.  My dish was Everything I remembered about Bandeja Paisa.  Beans seasoned to perfection.  Steak marinated just right.  Even the plain white rice rated better than any plain white rice I've had.  It was cooked just salty enough and just fluffy enough.  Perfect!  Don't come here expecting the traditional restaurant. This place is small.  I counted... There were exactly 6 tables that seat 4 people.  That's 24 seats!    don't go there if you are in a rush!  The food is cooked to order.  Home cooked food takes time.  The gentleman, Carlos, that waited on me seemed like he took his time because they understand it takes time to make good food.  I even found that the folks in the restaurant were extremely friendly.  There was a regular customer there that day that kept me entertained the entire time I was there.    Keep in mind, this is a small establishment and it is not fast food, just amazing food.
Be sure to try their "cola" & Columbiana sodas...Love em and the mom and pop feel of this place.
If my world were calorie and cholesterol free, I'd dine every day on the trout.  Not to mention the coconut flan!  If you don't try that flan on one of your visits I pity your taste buds.  Food is always hot and fresh.  Server is usually the same and pretty friendly.  The guy will work his buns off to make you happy.  Meals are reasonably priced but worth the bit of splurge.  What to try?  The Ecuadorean tamales, the trout and the coconut flan.  You will love the red onion relish - I could eat that stuff every day!
I love the food this place serves. I had the Bandeja Paisa which was amazing. The service is a bit slow, but the wait is worth it. I recommend this place to any one looking for good Ecuadorian food.
Awesome authentic Ecuadorian food. .. whole in the wall but delicious. I had the Bandeja Paisa and it was very flavorful. Word of advice if you go there make sure you go there to wait. They take a little longer than a regular restaurant but it's worth the wait. I will go back
The food is delicious and the owners are adorable!
Great food, ridiculously slow service. If they hired a wait staff the place would be over the moon good. Everything is delish...just bring a good book, Ipad, or puzzle to pass the time.
What a shame. Found this on yelp and thought that I would surprise my Colombian wife with some real Latin American food. Finally found the place, behind the Taco Bell on Bell Rd and sat down to examine the menu. Wow, what a diverse selection, and Bandeja Paisa! It took a while to get our drinks and to order our food. Only 11 other people in the room, so not busy. After 90 minutes we gave up, paid for our drinks and went home. The 6 top next to us had been waiting almost 2 hours with only an empanada to show for it. During our visit we saw 5 plates come out of the kitchen. That's 1 plate every 20 minutes. I've been around the restaurant/hotel business for 30 years and have never seen such a miserable situation. Either scale the menu back to something manageable or give it up.
Very small 'hole in the wall' place.     Took forever to get our food.  The food was authentic, but I don't think worth the wait.
First time here, hidden gem.  Can't wait to go back again, which I think is the best compliment you can give a restaurant.  The menu is insanely extensive and I want to eat my way through the whole thing!  We were there on a Monday night with a group of 6, and service was fine.  Place wasn't too busy, and it WAS a Monday, so I can't comment on others' complaints about service.  We were having a great time  and the food was wonderful, so we were happy.  FYI The shrimp empanada was bland, but the Saltenas was really good.   love the funky soda selection.
We stumbled upon this place by happenstance, and I'm so glad we did! We ordered a few different empanadas (colombian, panamanian, and I think ecuadorian) to share as well as an order of maduros, all of which were delicious. Then we finished with our own orders of coconut flan, which was HUGE and heavenly! I want to go back again real soon!
Tamales, tamales, tamales..  After reading reviews with lesser ratings I would have to imagine these must have come on a full moon. The gentlemen serving is incredibly nice, charmingly unique, and completely respectable.  The  tamale sampler was awesome, but more importantly the ceviche de camaron, Peruvian style, will be a dish not soon forgotten.  Can't believe I waited so long to try this diamond in the rough.
With out a doubt this is among the best places in the area to dine and it happens to be a little Ecuadorian Cafe. This place is tiny maybe only five tables and the only server is the chef's husband.   I've been here many times before but I came very often and burnt myself out ordering the same few things so I decided to start fresh and try new things.  They offer many ceviches including an interesting vegetarian variety made with Lupini Beans. I decided to try the Ecuadorian Style Ceviche. We were warned by the server it was very spicy and it was very spicy. It was fresh Cod in lime juice with tomatoes and pickled red onions. This was a very bold dish. They gave us dishes with spoons to eat it but I was getting too much lime and it would have been better with a fork. The pop corn sort of balanced your mouth from all the flavors in this dish. I thought it was a very generous serving.  I really liked the grilled trout because it was seasoned just so and seemed to have a tasty wood fired taste on it. The fish wasn't perfect as the texture was a little off and ever so slightly over cooked but still very delicious. The salad that came with it was made with high end greens and had a tongue pleasing sweet mustard vinaigrette taste to it. I had my choice of side and picked rice. It was fresh and tasted buttered.  I don't remember what my husband's plate was called but I think of it as a man plate sampler. It was tasty tender steak and beans, sausage, crispy pork skin, an egg, avocado, plantains two ways, rice, an arepa and a relish.   It cost very little to dine here as my trout dinner was only $10.95 the value for certain is five stars.
Another meet up for the International Supper Club and another tasty dinner. This place is a little far from where I live so I probably won't become a regular but I did really enjoy it. The place is real small but is decorated cute and seems very clean. As others have mentioned they are a bit slow but to be fair we were a large group.  To start, hubby and I ordered the empanada Colombiana and Green Tamal. The empanada was a bit different than what I am used to in Mexico since it was fried but it was really yummy. The outside tasted like masa rather than wheat flour based dough. And the filling was good, too. My only regret is that there wasn't more of it. Next time I would order two! ;0) The tamal was absolutely delicious and I would say a must get. The masa was wonderful, not too greasy but not too fluffy. And just a hint of sweetness so you can tell its green corn. There was a mild chili and some creamy white cheese in the center. So simple and yet so good!!  For our entrées, I had the Sango de Camarones. Unfortunately I didn't care for this one too much. I don't think there was anything wrong with it, just not to my taste. I was expecting a brothy soup with the shrimp but really it was more of a gumbo type dish. I still ate the shrimp and I will say that they know how to cook shrimp. In both my dish and the bit of ceviche I tasted the shrimp was not rubbery and overcooked at all, it was perfectly pink and juicy. Edgar had carne asada which he asked for spicy. But little did he know how spicy it would be! I almost think they have ghost peppers back there. That is what the dish tasted like and the sauce was red. The meat was very tender and flavorful (yes, I stole a bite) the side dishes were good as well (lentils and plantain fritters). For dessert we split a coco flan which unfortunately we ordered just by pointing at what someone else had got rather than looking at the menu and seeing that it contained coconut. Hubby doesn't particularly like coconut but since this dish is sort of half cake and half flan, the flan part didn't have much coconut in it. So we were still able to share and be happy! ;0)
The BF and I went to Mi Comida with the International Supper Club this past week and it was an interesting experience. I was so excited to come here because I spent time in South America this past summer and it's hard to find good South American food in Phoenix. This restaurant serves Bolivian food and other South American foods, so there is a nice variety. The restaurant itself is small and our group took up a good portion of the entire place. The service is slow, but that's a good thing, because you know they are making the food fresh for you. Everyone seemed to enjoy their food, I know we did. I will say, this food was lacking a little in the spice department....I got the aji sauce, which is very spicy in Peru, but was not spicy here. The BF and I shared 3 different empanadas with different fillings....the one with the potato and cheese was amazing, the beef ones were good and the verde were alright. We also got two tamales (pork and potato I think), which were tasty and well made and a side of maduros which were sweet and delicious, in addition to not being burnt like they often are when served at Cuban restaurants. I would recommend this restaurant if you are in the area!
A great little spot.  My friends took me here for my going away party.  It is small and in a strip mall.  The gentleman, who helped us, was friendly.  The chips and salsa were delicious.  I got the tamale sampler and it was really good. I loved all three but really enjoyed the cheese/green chili one.  The prices were very reasonable!!!  I couldn't believe we were the only ones in there.
Mi Comida was the place picked for the International Supper Club UYE for September and I for one was excited to try them out!  As others have stated this place is small, and if you are in a hurry, then skip it all together.  With that being said, we all arrived around the same time, and Carlos, who I guess is the owner, waited on us, and I have to say Carlos was amazing, gave us all personal attention, took each person's order one at a time and yes the dishes came out that way as well. But I have to say this was one of the best dinning experiences I have had in a very long time. I enjoyed the fact that we were not rushed and that we all were able to carry on a conversation and enjoy some great food! So if you are not in a hurry and are looking for great personal service, this is your place!  I knew before I got there I wanted tamales! I have been craving tamales, but I didn't want the normal run of the mill tamales!  I ordered Tamale de papa, which on the menu said its made in the highlands of Ecuador, it was made with a potato cheese dough (hello this Irish girl loves potatoes!!) and it was filled with chicken, veggies and a slice of chorizo wrapped in a banana leaf, it was pretty darn tasty! Really enjoyed it!  I also ordered the Pastel Crillo De Pollo - chicken, veggies and aji chilli wrapped inside a pastry puff, this too was delish!!    I crave/love spicy foods, and Carlos brought out some aji sauce and said that it was spicy, for me, it was lacking the heat, but made up for the amazing flavor it had. That stuff is delish!   Impeccable service, excellent food, amazing company, hope to be back soon!
I have brought many people in over the years and they always love the food.  I was an exchange student in Colombia and found the food very authentic.  Lomo Fino Saltado is great, as is the Churrasco (Ecuadorian is what I had). Bandeja Paisa will satisfy any carnivore.  I always leave stuffed as I begin every meal with the Arepas Con Queso and the Yuca Frita.  Gotta have them when I go as no one else serves them.   Go at an off hour for faster service, though it will still be a bit slow.  Or, place your order to go and pick it up after some shopping or something.   Otherwise,  you will find the owner friendly, chatty and talkative with every table and giving unhurried attention to all his guests.  This will be disconcerting if you are in a hurry at all.   Go when you want to settle and chat.
Went here for the International UYE.  I have been meaning to try this place since before I was a Yelper. Glad I got the chance.  All of us knew there was one waiter and one cook in a tiny kitchen in advance so having the food come out as it was ready for each of us was not a problem and all of the dishes seemed properly done.  I wish more large groups and small restaurants would accept that as normal practice. As with any restaurant there were some items that were misses based on expectations.  Overall most of us liked what we had.  The owner ran the front of the house well while his wife/ co owner did all the cooking.  It was a very pleasant evening and the pace allowed us do quite a bit of chatting without feeling rushed.  There were also several good sized to go orders picked up while we were there.  I got the impression that they were not phoned in as it seemed folks stood around a bit waiting for their orders.
Awesome modest little restaurant with super service from the owner. I had the Queen Arepa, the pork empanada and the Equadorian tamale. All the food was fantastic. I am definitely going to be ordering some tamales and empanadas for the holidays.
Excellent Latin restaurant near 43rd ave and Bell rd.. behind the Taco Bell  small family run Ecuadorian, Peruvian, and Columbian style Cafe. the Tamales are among the best I have had.. I had a combination plate with Carne Asada, whole beans, fried plantains, a sausage, a slice of deep fried pork belly with skin, a plantain fritter, a fried egg, rice, avocado, and aji relish. the whole beans were amazing.  the ahi chili relish hot and tasty. the steak had just the right amount of seasoning and flavor. A huge amount of food. Give Mi Comida a try. Your tummy will be happy.
Fantastic hole-in-the-wall discovery on the west side!  I had seen the great Yelp reviews, the praises from the Arizona Republic, and the awards this place (formerly known as Mi Cocina Mi Pais) garnered.  Finally today at lunch, I found a couple of co-workers to go try this place out with me.  There is nothing pretentious or fancy about this place whatsoever.  In fact you really have to be looking for it when you drive into the shopping center.  Its tiny and tucked away so you wouldn't even notice it from the street.  Inside its just basically 5 or 6 small tables with seating for no more than 15-20 people.  There are emblems on the wall from Ecuador and other parts of Latin America, but otherwise its pretty plain.  We were greeted by a very sweet older lady (pretty sure she was the owner) and waited on by an elderly gentleman (the owner's husband?).  The service we received throughout was extremely friendly and polite, but pretty slow (which Yelpers correctly warned me about).  Fortunately we weren't in a hurry.  The menu's emphasis is primarily on Ecuadorian dishes, but it basically covers the wide spectrum of Latin American cuisine.  My friends both went for the tamale combo which includes three tamales each.  It includes a red tamale with red chile sauce and shredded pork, a green tamale with green chiles and cheese, and an Ecuadorian tamale with pork, aji chile and vegetables in a banana leaf.  One of them also got a pork empanada.  I went with arguably their most popular entrée, the Bandeja Paisa.  Basically reads like a greatest hits menu and includes rice, beans, carne asada, a fried egg, chicharron, chorizo, maduros, arepa, and avocado.  All of us agreed the food was incredible and very much tasted homemade.  And surprisingly none of us felt overwhelmingly full.  And the best part of it all was the prices.  All that great food set us back a mere $12 each (including tip).  Hard to beat that.  We didn't get any drinks or dessert this time, but we all plan to give that a go next time.  With chains ruling the roost out in the West Valley its great to find a truly unique Mom and Pop restaurant offering delicious hard to find food at great prices.  This place would be wholly worthy of Guy Fieri's show on the Food Network, but I almost want to keep this place a secret so I don't have to fight the crowds that would ensue.  If ever there were a restaurant that personifies the saying "don't judge a book by its cover", this is it.
excelente la comida, porciones generosas y muy deliciosos y auténticos platillos de Ecuador Perú y otros países sudamericanos. El restaurante es pequeño y es de estilo casual.
Fantastic!  We picked up some tamales,  empanadas arepas and guayaba to go and it was as Will Feral once said "scrumptrelecent".   I have never had an Ecuadorian Tamale before and its friggin awesome.      We will definitely be back for more..
Amazing South American food! Amazing service!!!! The staff was so nice. I felt like I was at home.
It has been a very long time since I have been as impressed by a meal. After moving to the North Phoenix area, I was excited to find a new Latin restaurant because I am a huge tamale fan. After reading reviews of Mi Comida, my boyfriend and I decided to give it a go. I will not bore you with what the inside looked like, or what the ambience was like. All you need to know is that the food is affordable, and it is DELICIOUS. The tamales may be the best I have ever had. The brisket was so tender that chewing was optional. The turnover was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Everything we have ordered there is a five star item, including the Brazilian beer I ordered on a whim. The most expensive item on the menu is less than $15, and the portions are hearty to say the least. This is the best restaurant I have eaten at in North Phoenix thus far, and may be for a long while.
Good food. Great Service. Great people. A true mom and pop shop and their food reflects the same. Could remind you of your grandmother's cooking.  My personal favorite is the Carne Asada and Ceviche however.  Make sure you have plenty of time as they really cook the meals and not just reheat stuff already cooked.
I went on a Sunday night just before it was closing around 6:30 pm. My first impression was that the decor and space was lacking but then I tried the food! Everything I tried was amazing and was not greasy at all. I had grilled trout with rice and my boyfriend had an empanada and an arepa. All of the dishes were superb and we will definitely be returning. We both recently moved to the west side for school and this restaurant is by far our favorite on this side of town!
I was introduced to this mom and pop place by my good friend. It is just mind blowing to come to a place with such diverse cultures  Venezuelan, Peruvian, Ecuadorean, styled dishes that are large in size, beautifully displayed, not to mention tasty to the last bite.  They also have special drinks from each country (sodas and beer) if you want to try.  The price is just right and if anything it is definitely on the affordable end of the spectrum.   Small place with a men's and women's bathroom right by the door. There are several small tables to fit 4-6 ppl each.  A good place for family dining or just a bunch of friends.  I got the shrimp ceviche, and it was awesome by quantity, texture and taste, enough lime juice so it gives good flavor without the sourness. A large portion of shrimp that me and my friends couldn't even finish (we got dishes to share)  Will definitely return!!
Yes Yes Yes!  Great Lunch at Mi Comida - I ordered the Ecuadorean Tamales, Chicken Salad and the baked Empanada.  All were excellent!  My husband tried their Columbian Bandeja Paisa - Delicious!  Service is friendly, food is fresh and to die for!  Glad to have dined in this Mom & Pop Restaurant :)  Thanks for your recommendations Yelpers!
Tiny mom-n-pop shop with wonderful food, delightfully homey atmosphere, and a charming ancient server who makes you feel perfectly content to wait a little longer than usual for food and drinks that are well worth the wait and the regular (non-divey) prices.    We tasted many of the tamales and appetizers, and even picked them up for Christmas dinner one year - delicious!!  The only downside is that they are authentic, so I'm fairly certian they use lard and such.  We live a bit far these days, so we rarely venture out there.  Please have some yummy tamales there, for me!
Must be patient..... Restaurant ran by literally two people.  Great food worth the wait.   Enpanadas, tamales way to go. Their ceviche awesome too.
Over salted food. Sort of crappy service. The rice was way too sticky. Not sure why this place is rated so highly.
My husband and I stopped by on our way up to Sedona. I use the phrase "stopped by" very loosely because service... was... slow. The 4 star rating is earned based on one man serving the entire 6 table restaurant and the excellent food.    The tamales, ceviche and "banana leaf wrapped fish" was delicious. I believe prep takes a while which could have led to the hour and a half dining experience.  Parking is super easy. Get here early and try something new!
Good food, incredibly slow service.  Came here earlier tonight during a storm after seeing the yelp reviews.  There was only one guy working and one in the kitchen and there were maybe only 3 other tables in the whole place.  It took 10-15 minutes to get him to come take our order .  Another 45 minutes for a small appetizer of fried plantains and then another 25 for our order to get there.  We thought about leaving multiple times but didn't have any cash on us and couldn't come up with any alternatives.  The food itself was good but be prepared for a long wait.
Tiny little place in a strip mall that you would pass by a million of times but once you do stop, you won't be disappointed. All of the handmade tamales are fantastic as is the ceviche. Not great for large parties since they only have about 6 or so tables but a great stop for some great food.
Delicious! Small hole in the wall, slow service but owned and operated by the cutest little couple! Your in for a treat here!
If you are into the "American" way of eating fast and moving on eat at the Taco Bell across the street. If you like to enjoy your meal at a relaxed pace this place is for you. The tamales were great and the ceviche had a great kick.  Great food served with as mile, thanks!
Wow, my food and was great! Service was decent.
A little old lady back in the kitchen working Latin magic while her little old man counterpart runs the front... yes please. The yucca frita will change your life! Authentic and wonderful. This place is a great find.
A fantastically pleasant and authentic Latin American restaurant. Mix of Venezuelan, Peruvian, Ecuadorean, Colombian (basically South American) dishes with large portion sizes, attention to detail, and quality ingredients. After living within a few miles of this place for 4 years, my, how glad I am that I found this spot.  I had a Peruvian style Churrasco. It had a lean Angus beef sauteed with onions and red and green bell peppers. It had an egg, potatoes, and plantain. There was rice in the middle. The portion size was definitely filling.  My wife ordered the encocado de Camaron and loved it. It looked really good and the few portions I had tasted amazing. We took a ceviche de Camaron to go.   Server is an older gentleman. Very charming. Very genuine. They accept credit and debit cards.
Its a very small restaurant hiding behind Taco Bell and I probably would've never gone in if it wasn't for the high ratings on yelp. The restaurant felt like a little old cottage.The service was good and i think because they don't have too many customers, they make sure to do an extra good job on preparing the entrees. Thats it about the unimportant details,now on to the most important part. The food tasted amazing and we will for sure go back to try their other entrées we didn't try today. I will definitely recommend this place.
Ya know, this place is not bad.  With only a few tables, this restaurant was packed early on a Saturday night.  The owner is also the only waiter (at least when we were there), so it was a touch slow, but really we didn't mind... based on previous reviews we expected it.    The food was pretty good.  We both cleared our plates, but I just wasn't floored.  I typically love all ethnic food, but I can't say I was blown away.  Either way, everything was solid and tasty.  Clearly homemade, which is always a plus. We tried a variety of food off the menu, including tamales, combo plate, and empanadas.  Everything was quite unique.  If you're looking for a "hole in the wall" place with something a bit different, I would say, check this place out!
Fantastic! If you're lucky enough to catch it empty then you're treated like royalty...service was fast and the food is always amazing.
Went to this restaurants with high hopes because of the amount of great reviews; long story short. We had a party of 8 and the owner was not able to accommodate our party due to another party of 8 already there. A total of 5 tables - very small place. Another issue, the place felt like there was no a/c. It is April and today's high is 104; we need a/c!! The owner, an older gentleman appeared overwhelmed when he was told that there are 8 of us; he smiled and said that he was not able to fit us...I ended up asking how long was the food going to take for a party of 8. His response was "well, i have them (pointing the other large party), then them (a couple sitting at the table), and then it will be you guys"  He continued "i will bring the food, but it will not be fast" Needless to mention, we ended up leaving. As far as the one star, this is for the things i have mentioned her in this review. This star is not rating the food, as I was not going to sit there for a long period of time in a place with no a/c...I really want to enjoy my food.
Boy, we had fun here.  Food was slow coming, but obviously was made to order.  Best lentils I've ever had.  Plantains were amazing.  Beef was a bit dry, but very flavorful.  Eclectic menu, and I look forward to trying more items.  The owner? gentleman, server was very friendly and helpful.  Great choice for lunch or dinner.
This place is the closest you will find to the real deal (south of the border style) in old town...  if you are a gringo you might be out numbered but the food is pretty good... if you don't speak Spanish you can point to what you would like... this is so real you can actually get gut tacos (i was not a fan... too chewy)...  if i were you i would get the quesadilla... just had it for lunch today and I don't want to try anything else...   you know this place is the real deal when they serve you the Mexican bottle and have the recycling create where you throw the stuff away... i would recommend this place for the adventurous (and those that have stomachs of steel)... but check it out... nice lil gem...
Diarrhea inducing shit food is what you'll find at Tacos Jalisco. It's pretty authentic if your idea of Mexican food is Rocky Point. It's dog turds... Rocky Point side of the road tacos are good only because you spent all weekend drinking nothing but beer and you're drunk... the reality is, it barely counts as food.  My roommate swears by it and eats there frequently, but I had trouble digesting it. He lived in Argentina for like a year, so maybe that's why he likes it. Plus, he is fluent in Spanish. It's the kind of place you would feel a lot more comfortable at if you spoke Spanish.   It seems to always be crowded. The tables are always dirty and it's hot and smelly inside. There are so so many good Mexican food restaurants in the valley - many that are authentic. This place is benefiting from the location because it is right on the edge of little Mexico in south Scottsdale. It's seriously dump though - terrible food made from garbage ingredients. Best thing I can say about it is that it's cheap.
I've never actually dined on property or even step foot in the place for that matter, but I've had the food numerous times and it is phenomenal. I'm craving it as I type this so it felt like a good time for a review.  Some bussers I use to work with at my old job would go pick up food from here on Friday nights and we'd have our weekly feast. I pretty much always got the same thing...two carne asada tacos and a cheese quesadilla.   I can't remember the name of the cheese they use, but apparently it's used in real Mexican cooking and it is amazing. Seriously...it's amazing. The sour cream is amazing. It doesn't taste like any other sour cream I've ever had. The green sauce that comes with it is delicious. I don't know if it was avocado/guacamole based or green chile or what, but it's perfect.  The carne asada steak was always made to perfection on the tacos. Add some of the fresh diced onions and some of their hot sauce (which is, yes, amazing) and it is a perfect little Mexican meal.  And I don't exactly have what you would call an "iron stomach." However, I never once got any sort of upset stomach from this place. For me to say that about any restaurant, much less one that serves authentic Mexican food, is really saying something.  I would probably give it five stars but I've never actually dined at the place so I guess I can't give the establishment a complete review.
Well, It has a colorful menu board?!  Unfortunately, that's about all Tacos Jalisco has that appeals to me.  I've eaten there twice and the first time the food wasn't memorable (literally, I don't remember it).  The second time the food was so bland it made me want to cry.  I had the gorditas carnitas.  It was hot, but there was absolutely no flavor...or texture.  It was basically hot Mexican mush, and that describes the beans and the rice too.    The staff was friendly, and the place was clean.  I'm not sure if the guy in the corner is selling bootlegged CDs or not, but it seems kinda sketchy to me.  Hans really loves this place, but I am not sold.  At all.
I hate going to a restaurant I haven't been to in a long time and discovering the food just isn't as good as I remember it being...luckily, that is far from the case with Tacos Jalisco.  I don't know what people are ordering that is so bland and diarrhea-inducing, but I got two steak tacos and a cheese quesadilla today and they were even better than I remember. The steak is perfectly done and very flavorful. Add a light amount of sauce and onions and it's perfect. And the quesadilla...oh man...that cheese and sour cream is so damn good! Best sour cream I've ever had.  Another thing I like about it is that the food is simple- The steak tacos don't come with a pile of bland rice or a pound of shaved lettuce to make the plate look full like they do it at most Mexican restaurants. Just the tacos, the quesadillas, and some sauce. All for less than $8 with a bottle of water. Plus, I felt great afterwards...no bowel-related issues to speak of.  But I'm writing way too much about this place...I just wanted to share my excitement in rediscovering it today.
This place is what it is. Solid "street style" Mexican food served right in the heart of South Scottsdale. This is a great greasy spoon with some legit dishes, quick service, and inexpensive prices. We usually hit this place up for lunch a couple of times a month but could very easily do breakfast or late night (open until 2 am) too.  While I normally get the carne asada combo which comes with rice, beans, salad, tortillas, and guacamole for only $6.48, this time I split the 3 tacos (carne, about $4.50) and the torta de milaneza ($4.17).  We also ordered a Coca-Cola o Manzana ($2.09, more on this in a moment) and a Negra Modelo ($3.01). Thankfully this place doesn't just use corn flakes and flash fry their milanezas. They actually lightly bread it and fry  it to as close to home made perfection as I have found here in Scottsdale.  The carne tacos were seasoned well and served with a mild salsa on corn tortillas. Don't expect them to be the large size, but do expect them to be stuffed to the brim and very filling.  As I mentioned the Coke was straight from Mexico and served in the bottle. While I am not a huge fan of the south of the boarder formula, my fiancee loves it and was ecstatic to find this being served here.  They do also have a soda fountain for those that want something a little more "local."  The torta was served on a warm roll with lettuce, tomato, and a little mayo and was one of the best sandwiches I have had in Scottsdale in some time.  It may have  become my new go-to dish here. If you like steak I definitely recommend you try it as well.  There is both inside and outside seating, but nobody is really sitting outside at this time of year without shade and a mister system.  There is also a pickled vegetable bar that I don't partake in but seems to get a ton of action by other customers every time I am in there. Normally during the work week I doubt that the beer would have been ordered which means that the two of us yesterday could have gotten out of here for about six bucks a piece which is great for delicious, authentic, filling Mexican food that you don't have to drive 2 and a half hours south for. One last thing, it is worth noting that this place is on the north side of Thomas just west of Scottsdale road and there is no way to make a left into the parking lot so make sure you are coming from the Scottsdale road side of things so that you don't have to turn around.
So from the outside this place doesn't look to appetizing but get past that and check it out.  I have been on a ceviche kick lately and I stopped in to cure a taco kick and ended up getting a great ceviche tostada.  The menu has many south of the border options for street tacos (real tacos).  The price was great as well.  This place is a must if you like street tacos or ceviche also they serve 7 seas soup which is amazing.  Check it out if you haven't been.
Across the street from a Taco Bell - but so much better.  Located just south of Old Town on Thomas, to the West of Scottsdale Road, it is located in a small building on the North side of the street.  Depending on sensibilities, one may or may not want to eat in - it is a pretty basic interior with a few tables - some would even call it a greasy spoon.  However, the food is great - if you like authentic south of the border fare.  There is a large menu painted on the wall, with pictures of the food and descriptions .  You can get combinations, or individual orders of tacos, burritos, etc. It is inexpensive -  I had two carne asado tacos and a fountain drink for less than $5.00.  The hot sauce and condiments are great, and the people are friendly.  Great little place for a quick bite to eat for breakfast, lunch or late night.
A tiny hole in the wall that only some people know about, I was taken here by one of my fathers employees and initially I was a little uncertain, but having traveled in many countries taught me that some of the best places were hidden in very low key fashions... Got the steak tacos and they were excellent... Given it's pretty good location right off Thomas and Scottsdale road I am sure this place will be around for a while.... Definitely stop in if you are ever in the area!
Taco Jalisco Is SO Authentic, It Should Be Deported!  My friend Mike always told me I should check out Taco Jalisco on Thomas, just west of Scottsdale Road (you have to be traveling west to get into the parking lot). I trust Mike's tastes, but not in women, so with an afternoon errand we had to run, we stopped at TJ for lunch/brunch.  The outside is unassuming and probably hiding for "La Migra" so don't blink or you'll miss it. It's right next door to the "Smoke Shop."  As Mike says, "it's like you've crossed the border without a passport." You step into a place that was airlifted from any town in Mexico and the number of Mexicans eating there tell you it is authentic, frightening to timid white people and due to be raided at any moment.  The menus is laid out right in front of you. Have a second choice as they cook only the freshest household pets and not everything might be available that day.  My first choice of the fried steak torta was not available or they were just playing with me, so I got the taco, torta cobination. Mike chose the breakfast eggs with something and it looked really good. I'm guessing the Chorizo is the best in the city. When I have a day to spend close to a bathroom, I'll give it a try.  You won't walk away anything but full. With sides of rice, refried beans and vegetable garnishes, bring an appetite.  Aside from leaving full but not bloated, it tasted fresh and I had that, "I ate something healthy" feeling. I'll certainly be returning soon. Don't forget the salsa, chili and limes that sit in a side bar but you might want to ask how spicy some are because this is Mexican food that isn't dumbed down for Americans.
Last night I was craving something to eat and since it was 9pm on a Monday not too many options to choose from, but I was excited to see that Tacos Jalisco was open so I headed down for some late night grub.    I ordered the Chile Rellano plate which is two Chile Rellano's and rice and beans.  The food was great but very tough to eat with plastic silverware.  Next time i get these I'll just order to go.    They have Coca Cola in the bottle which to me is always a plus cause it is so much better than American Coca Cola.  So ya check this place out if you are in the area
I believe this particular establishment to be the best restaurant in Arizona. I have felt this way for a while now and it's mostly because the "al pastor" is the most delicious and addictive taco or gordita around...or dish of any sort! The atmosphere is what you might expect from an authentic Mexican eatery: corny and comical, but the jukebox is solid and the Spanish soap operas are always entertaining as you wait for heaven to come to your table.  Also amazing here are the tacos de lengua, cabeza, and the soups are clean and flavorful. And the salsa bar is perfect with plenty of roasted jalepenos, escabeche and three different salsas all wonderfully distinct and properly seasoned.
This place is the bomb. The whole atmosphere is pure mexico street joint. Let me set the scene for you. The first thing you'll see is a guy selling bootlegged DVD's in the corner (allegedly). There's usually little kids running around grabbing coke refills and putting more quarters in the jukebox, which usually blares loud, authentic mexican folk songs. There's an industrial strength jet engine fan in the far corner of the restaurant doing it's best to cool off all the patrons wiping sweat from their foreheads. There is a tiny window where you place your order,  and the entire wall around that window is composed of the menu with photos of food. The food isn't great. About what you would expect, but just as good as any mexican street vendor down in central Mexico. Lots of lard, salt and gristle. But it tastes soooo damn good! What I like best is the salsa bar, complete with all you can eat escaveche. You know, the pickled jalapenos, onions, carrots and cauliflower that make me salivate just thinking about it. If your order sucks, just pour some spicy salsa on there or better yet pour some of that vinegary escabeche juice over your dish and before you know it, it will be perfect. Your best bet is probably the carne asada taco plate. Make sure to get a cold beer to go with your meal, so you can get your mouth really burning hot, and then cool it off with the cold beer, and repeat that process about 30 more times. Pure heaven.
Oh tacos Jalisco, you are my everything. Coming from a border town flooded with authentic Mexican food, I set my standards pretty high for tacos and the likes. Tacos Jalisco reassures me that I don't need to go back home for my fix.   These tacos are legit! I recommend the al pastor, cabeza, and lingua. So good I got my vegetarian girl friend to try one just because the smell of the to go box in my car was driving her crazy.  Oh, and the lady who took my order was a sweetheart as well.
A legit hole-in-the-wall mexican restaurant! It ain't pretty but don't let the deter you! I moved to Arizona because of this place! I take everyone here. Their salsa bar is authentic. The al pastor burritos, breakfast burritos, and tacos kick ass! Thats all I ever get because they have the best al pastor I've ever had, but everyone else enjoys their food thoroughly as well. $3.99 for a burrito, eat half and eat the rest later. I hate left overs and I swear that their burrito is awesome and might even be better reheated in the microwave. WTF! Try them and foodgasm.
Hmm.  It was okay, but I didn't think it was great.  We "dined" in and the interior matched the exterior, so I had high hopes this hole would serve some tasty grub.  I went with the flauta dinner, which were really more of a rolled taco.  To me there is a difference, though perhaps that's just my experience.  I expect the rolled taco to be tightly rolled with a filling with more of a "is this beef or chicken?" texture.  The flauta would be fatter with shredded beef or chicken.  No worries, I'm equally happy with both.  And while the flauta was good, I was not overly fond of the somewhat bland avocado green "sauce" atop.  I did think the beans were excellent and would definitely return for those alone. I also had a bite of my husband's gorditas and thought they were excessively greasy and should have been drained a little more.    Overall, I was generally pleased and wouldn't mind going back sometime to try something else.  I did wonder, though, how there could be so many slashes in the vinyl seats when there are only plastic knives available.
I am not impressed.  It's positively scandalous that in a city that is 41% Latino, most of whom are Mexican-American, that there is so much crappy Mexican food. I really don't get it.   Anyway, there really isn't much to say about this place.  It's a shithole, which I wouldn't mind if the food is great, but that is not the case here.  They are serving up extremely mediocre Mexican food.    I had the three taco plate with tacos de cabeza.  The tacos were okay.  The rest of the stuff on the plate was crap.  A tiny portion - maybe an eighth of a cup each of rice and beans, accompanied by a really odd and nasty avocado sauce and a very sad little salad with roughly three tablespoons of mayo.  The price for the taco plate and a large horchata was $9.76.  While not expensive, that's really not that cheap for a place like this, if you know what I mean.  This is by no means the worst Mexican food I've ever had but reading these reviews you would get the impression that it's something special.  It's not.  You'd do better at any taco truck in Tucson or Southern California.
In a city that's awash in over-priced "authentic" sit-down Mexican restaurants, Tacos Jalisco is a welcome respite. This is some legit-ass taqueria food that I'll take any day over the fancier, less delicious variety. In particular, as others have mentioned, the al pastor is fantastic. The care asada and carnitas were bland by comparison.   I had three tacos when I came to try a sample of the different meats.. I'll definitely be trying their highly praised breakfast burrito next time I'm here.
even though there were a lot of mexican familys dining here  i have a feeling it was because of the portions, the food was ok but not great in my opinion and the staff working in the kitchen and taking orders at the walk up window were not overly gracious to wait wait on me..........a gringo perhaps??????lets not even go there.......
WOW! Really? A 4 star rating on Yelp? That's a load of crap and I'm sorry I didn't read Jeff F.'s review before we plunked down down about $30 for the crappiest Mexican food I've had in a long time.   We were in town from San Diego for a wedding and looked up our taco shop possibilities on Yelp and found this. Sadly, I didn't take my own advice and see further than just the 4 stars...the topper is that the customer service is as it is many times in a Mexican restaurant, shitty. The counter girl acted like we were doing her a favor and even when my mom and I spoke to her in Spanish, she didn't say a word. Perhaps she was having a bad day or didn't give a shit but when she called you to the window to pick up your food, she waved you over quite dismissively and then walked away. WTF? The joint is as small as a cracker box at a Greyhound station and just as clean...yikes!   I'm a Mexican and I'm used to some highly seasoned, tasty grub of all kinds here in SD and this place wouldn't last a week in any part of our city, especially in the hood where they serve REAL street tacos.   We ordered:  2 plates @ $11.99 each with a variety of 9 street tacos, the only decent ones were the tacos de cabeza and everyone wanted one, so I only scored one. Shit. The rest of them, adobado, al pastor and carne asada tasted like dog food. The adobado meat had a weird, nutmeggy taste...gross. No salt, no life, no zest, and the damn street tortillas were cold. If you sold street tacos like this in TJ, you'd get your ass kicked in a second.   1 Carne Asada burrito: full of beans, rice and tiny, over chopped up chunks of something that must have once been a decent piece of carne asada. Lame ass and looked like dog food.   Beans and rice on the side: Out of any can would've been better than this crap.   Drinks: My husband wanted a Pepsi was told there was none, only Coke. Yeah you dumb lady, only Coke from the dispenser but there was Pepsi in cans and we were looking right at them.   Salsa bar: How is it possible to screw up a salsa bar? What a bummer.Save your money and time and go somewhere else, because even if the food is dull and flavorless like this food, you might get better CS.
I had only been living in Scottsdale for a week or so and I wanted to find a decent Mexican restaurant and Tacos Jalisco looked like a cute little restaurant, and I decided to give it a try. The customer service is horrible; the cashier is less than professional, slow, zoned out, uninterested, and she doesn't even look at you. The salsa bar is a bit of a horror-taste wise and not to mention that the area doesn't look very clean. I give it two stars because I enjoyed their rice and I have to admit that their  breakfast burrito had juicy savory meat.
this place is perfect.  some of the best authentic street tacos in the USA.  it's basically a stationary food truck / street mexican food stand that happens to be housed in a shitty small permanent structure...and that's exactly how it should be.  people complaining on here about customer service and pepsi or coke just don't get it and are better off not eating here.  you don't come here because of pepsi or coke.  you don't come here for stellar customer service.  you come here for some of the best mexican street tacos in the country.    ever wonder why you're the only gringo in this place?
I went there last week for the first time. Was pretty excited...my cherry getting popped and all. The menu board was nice and big..easy to read.That is the one star. place was clean and floors were shinny. A friend of mine was eating there when we went in to order, and he said I love this place. I was pretty excited that it would be really good because he is smart. I am quite the food snob..FYI OMG..so we had to tell the gal 3 times ...the order was to go. Our 2 meals were of course cold and I live less than 1/2 a mile away! The sides 2 beans and green goo- were scary and the guacamole goo some green looking  stuff was from a can!! My fish tacos were terrible and the fish was over cooked. I will never go again..so sorry my smart friend.
Used to live down the street from this place, man was that dangerous! the ability to get the dankest tacos with a Manzanita or Corona any time was true heaven! The Al Pastor with both the chipotle and tomatillo salsas with the jalapeno/carrot escabeche to crunch into.... oh my.... the salt, the tang, the spice! when i think authentic mexican street tacos, TJ's is the spot!  Clutch!
THIS LOCATION IS CLOSED!! Go to the one on 68th St. & Thomas. Well its actually inbetween Thomas and Osborn on the west side of 68th street.  Hidden, yes, but this is the last Tacos Jalisco standing and their food will blow your brain to the wall.  Dont judge it by its shitty appearance.
This is located on Main where you think you should have turned back and headed to the strip. Park on the South side and don't try parking on the North.   The place is actually larger than you would think, Seat yourself and don't sit under the TV. You'll keep wondering why everyone is stealing glances. It is most likely the futbol game, but then again, you'll probably catch a few phrases about the crazy gringo's ( if that is your persuasion ) eating here or dressing up to do so. Fairly clean. Not terribly comfortable chairs or tables.   As always- find the items on the menu that say things like- Salvador special or anything in Spanish that includes the words Plantain. Expect the food to parallel Cuban food. Matter of fact, see my recap on the Cuban place I reviewed and magnify the flavors and skill of cooking and you'll know what I mean.   We had the pork and cheese pupusa, which is a pancakey wrap of delicious shredded pork and cheese that is quite filling. Also tried the yucca dish and found the pork was dry, but not stringy, and very flavorful, not bland as sometimes happens. The fried Yucca is done very well. Meaning light and not greasy. We also had the Salvadoran Typical plate. I kid you not! It was a sheet of spiced beef served with some of the tastiest plantains I've yet to have. Now here's the trick- take a bit of all the extras; the tangy cheese, the pickled cole slaw, the sweet plantain, the tender meat, the thick gordita, and squeezing some of the lime onto it , bite, and indulge. The blend is sublime.   We didn't have room for desert.   The food more than makes up for the location, surroundings, and attention. We gringos know how to indulge in great food. The food does take a little longer than what most would consider normal, but it is cooked right on the spot, so be prepared. Take your time. Also, go in the daytime unless you pack heat. Not touristy at all.   Give this place 3 and 1/2 stars! Without getting a desert, I withhold judgment to give it that extra half star higher. I'll return and let you know.
I am a fan of most Latin cuisine, I was eager to try central american foods. When I moved here in 1997 I had seen this place on my way downtown thinking, wow looks kind of shady. About a year later, my husband said it would be worth it to at least try. I was glad he suggested it. We've been coming here for 10+ years now. The current interior is more of a restaurant than the previous decor which was very eclectic, they had murals painted on the walls, lattice partitions, fishnet hammocks strung up giving it a very "backyard of someones home" feel. A few years ago, the motel attached decided to renovate the exterior, and the owners of Salvadoreno took the opportunity to update their interior, now its tables and chairs, brown tones. The food has remained consistently delicious. Everything is fresh made. They have a variety of pupusas, filled corn tortilla pattys, from beans and cheese, loroco (native sprout), and the revuelta which is refried beans, cheese, and ground shredded pork (known as chicharron). The Plato Tipico is the Salvadoran typical plate, it combines a mix of the staples, a pice of grilled steak (carne asada), fried sweet plantain, a drier cheese similar to feta, a small lettuce tomato salad, and my favorite, casamiento, which is a rice and bean combo that is cooked together and is so tasty! Also on the menu are pollo asado, taquitos, carne asada plate, steak encebollado (with onions), seafood cocktails (coctel mariscos) and fresh drinks (aguas frescas) such as horchata (a rice water drink, with the addition of ground pumpkin seeds, ensalada, a chopped fruit punch drink, and various drinks on roatation. A variety of latin beers are also offered. Please check this place out, its in a bad hood, sure, but the cooking is like someones mom invited you over for dinner The staff is warm and friendly, and if you happen to be there on a night when a soccer game is on, it gets rowdy!
Food was solid. I had the typical plate which included a steak, tasted like top sirloin to me good flavor but steak was overcooked and tough. The rice and red beans was really good and I enjoyed the flour thick tortilla. The coleslaw was tasteless and I could have done without it. The papusa was good although other than a bit of cheese pretty similar to the tortilla. The grilled plantain tasted good but was dry. The pilesener beer hit the spot though. Chips were standard, salsa was bland but overall cannot complain for an $8.99 dinner and $3 beers.   The inside although reminiscent of a old drug store, and probably was at some point had nicer table and chairs than I expected taking into account the location on Main St. and the scary little motel parking lot where it was situated.   I am glad I tried it, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go here again with so many other places in LV to try.
Eh.  Just eh.  The papusas are decent.  The chips and salsa have to have been store bought....and who the hell puts a "cell phone store" inside of a restaurant?  Hello, ghetto!
As those who regularly read my reviews know by now, I'm a sucker for latin food.  Inka Si Senor does not disappoint.  Finally the rest of the world is catching up with what South Americans have always known, Peruvian cuisine is among the best in the world.  Now Las Vegans can taste for themselves.  More specifics coming soon....
definitely some good peruvian food. vegas should really invest on more peruvian restraints.
half mexican half peruvian. I didn't try the mexican menu because I wanted peruvian food, and man it was nasty! everything was pre-prepared and was not at all authentic. their papas a la huancaina was not at all(in taste, presentation, ingredients, anything!) like in huancayo, and never in peru have I seen ceviche drowning in a creamy, white sauce! their chicha morada had no purple corn taste, only sugar, lemon and cinnamon.
my friend and i came here for lunch and ordered several dishes with great difficulty...our server did not speak any english and the interpretor (another customer) was extremely nice, but made some really bad recommendations.  one particulary bad dish was a mound of potatoes and mayonnaise topped with canned tuna.  we also ordered some peruvian alcoholic drinks which was...let's just say it was...um, interesting...  will not be returning until i do more research on peruvian cuisine so my next visit to a peruvian restaurant, i will be making some educated choices
WOW..........all I can say is that the reviews for this restaurant under its original name Inka Chicken were so bad they change the name & took down the worst of the reviews. Bad, Bad, Bad, stay away unless you know the new owner personally, only then you might get good service & not get ignored. Don't be fooled Che Inka is the same place.
Surprising no one has reviewed this place....Great food, good service.  Really helps if you can speak Spanish, but their speciality here is cuisine from Honduras, El Salvador , and there are some Mexican food item's always order the Casamiento, or marriage for breakfast-Beans and Rice, two eggs scrambled or sunny side up, chorizo, and fried plantains with sour cream for under $8 is worth it...Tortillas are made by hand, not out of a bag, the women who take your order are the same ones who cook your food...It is as if you were a guest in their home...Also good are their tamales and pupusas $1.50 each, you get full on 2 or 3 and it doesn't break your bank! Will post pictures on my next visit!
Returned after we were in the mood for some Pupusa action....The storefront has recieved a facelift, and the service is still as good as ever.  brought mom and pop here and they enjoyed every bite as well...  we also got their monday special which is 99 cent pupusas to go (minimum 12)....of course we'll be back....ALOHA!!!
Come with a smile -- or a Spanish speaking friend, and enjoy fab pupusas (ask for them well done -- they will actually do that here)...The curtido (slaw) is crispy and vinegary - perfect on a hot Vegas summer day.  Beware of overeating though, because those complimentary chips are good but filling.  I love salpicon -- and am accustomed to it served cold -- RC's is hot, but it's good, well seasoned and their rice and beans are terrific.   I wasn't expecting such a nice slice of tomato, perfectly ripe wedge of avocado on my crunchy crispy iceberg.  The vinegar from the curtido and the hot sauce make a perfect dressing.    Their chicken tamals are also good, moist and hand made -- mine had a tiny chicken bone that they missed when pulling the meat  (no problem) -- this one has peas and potatoes -- as my friend said who was trying it for the first time said " ooo, it's like a chicken pot pie" -- and she was actually, spot on.  This is Salvadorean comfort food most definitely.   The kind Mama would make, if she were from  El Salvador...  3 pupusas, curtido, the chips, a tamal, and the salpicon plate were right at $16.     I also highly suggest wearing anything but white...because you will wear your food -- it is magnetically attracted to splattering on anything white.  Trust me -- I look like I've been shot.
great food, great service, decent prices.  . . . . . . Every time i have walked into the place they've greeted me and sat me down quick. . . . pupusa are delicious and try the barena beer
Great variety and quality of Salvadorian and Honduran food, including their national beers.  The place is a short drive from the Strip ( I don't advice you to try walking to it). The place is clean and reasonable priced, the service is great ( by sweet beautiful Latinas) and the location is safe.
My favorite place for popusas and Honduran specialties like baliadas and south American tamales. Cheap eats but not cheap in taste what so ever. The service feels like you are in their home, the music is a little loud but hey that is how they do it! That is their culture-happy and loud and to top it off they now have karaoke nights. Great for open minded people looking to try great cultural food.
This could be my favorite Pupusa joint in the LV, but don't tell Las Pupusas that just yet.   I stopped by here on a beautiful November afternoon with two of my co-workers. I owed them lunch, and one of them had been bothering me for some pupusa action. We were heading back from the Cambridge Community Center for a quick meeting, so this was a halfway between the office and our meeting.   The place is a whole in the wall, but it was very clean and the staff was friendly. The place was a bit larger than I had expected and what it appeared from the outside.   We were greeted right away and sat a booth. The place was about half-full noting that it was just after the normal lunch time. We were also greeted with chips and salsa (salsa already on the chips). They were quite delicious, and could have filled up just on these. As far as the pupusas, I went with my traditional bean and cheese. They were quite large, and very delicious. A little less grease than I was used to, and the cheese was a bit creamier than other pupusas I've had around town.  My coworkers each got various meat pupusas and were very impressed. For the 3 of us, the total was about $12.   Our waitress did not know english, but fortunately one of my coworkers speaks spanish so we were fine.   I will definitely stop by this place again for sure. They also had delicious looking pastries that I will want to try on my next visit.
This place looks like a taco shop from the outside, but it's a sit-down place with waitress service. When I walked in, I immediately realized I was the only white guy in the joint, which is always a good sign.  The chips were fantastalicious, with mexi-cheese and salsa already on them when they hit the table. Cool! I ordered two asada tacos (phenomenal "street food" type), along with sides of rice and beans. All this, along with a Diet Coke, set me back less than $9. Smokin' deal! The quality of ingredients and overall taste were wonderful. The service and atmosphere were great. I'd totally eat here again next time I'm in town.
Best pupusas in town excellent service!  The rice mmm.....perfect taste! Find out this place google www.bestpupusa.com.  baleadas also very good. I'll be back for sure! !!!  5 stars. Keep it up! Carne azadaTacos w/melted cheese my favorite
O.M.G.   My friends and I just happened to be in the UNLV area after seeing a jazz recital and we were on our way to a little bar we saw in the same plaza as Rincon Catracho. I was starving, my friends had eaten, but I really wanted to have something before we went into the bar to drink. We just so happened to see this place across the parking lot. It has a bright neon sign on the outside of it which says "PUPUSAS". I had never had a pupusa up to this point my life and I decided, hey, I want one! Let's go over there!  First off, the place is not a grab and go, it is actually a restaurant with seats available. This was okay though, I asked if we could get the food to go and the nice waitresses said that would be fine. When I looked at their menu I went directly to the pupusas. They come with just about anything you can imagine inside them. There are veggie-friendly options as well, as my friend is a vegetarian and she got a pupusa with cheese and zucchini. I ordered two pupusas: shrimp and cheese, and a chicken and cheese. I also asked if we could have some tortilla chips while we waited for our food. The waitress immediately brought out some chips (complete with red sauce and a nice cheese topping on them). While we munched on the chips some children ran around the restaurant and I was delighted to see that this place is run by *ahem*non-white people*ahem*.   We got our food to go and walked back over to the bar. When you get the pupusas to go the wrap them up on a paper plate and give you a baggy full of cabbage (mine had jalapenos in it) and a baggy of red sauce. Oooh my goodness these pupusas were delicious! They had just the right amount of cheesey, gooey goodness, but not enough to take over the pupusa. And the shrimp one was EXCELLENT. The chicken one was good too, but the shrimp... so fantastic. It was cooked perfectly! I am in love with pupusas now. I wish I had been eating them all along! I will definitely go back here - btw the prices are DIRT CHEAP! We got 3 pupusas and our total was only $8! And they are so filling. You will leave this place and want to go back, I guarantee it!
I returned to Rincon yesterday to meet my friend for a quick lunch. So now I have had the experience of dining in as well as taking my food to go. In the day this place was just the same as it was when I went a few weeks ago at night. The decor has not changed, nor has the typical patrons. When I arrived my friend was already seated at a booth and there were about 3 or 4 other tables full of people. Being that it was exactly Noon when I arrived I was a little surprised the place wasn't more busy. Perhaps it's the economy (or the gas prices).  This time around my friend and I both had pupusas again. My friend ordered the zucchini and cheese (she's a vegetarian). I ordered the shrimp and cheese (yes, I had it again - it's GOOD), and the bean and cheese. Once again the food did not disappoint. For how cheap their prices are and how big and filling the pupusas are it is just a meal you cannot pass up! Everything is melted so deliciously in the pupusas and they are generous with the fillings. I never had a bite that did not have shrimp in it.  Service was a bit slow for my taste. However, the girl working was still very nice. However, I do not believe she knew much English, but hey, you're going to run into that if you want really authentic food like this. Don't worry though, just speak slowly and point at the menu, make sure you repeat things, especially if you're having the food changed in anyway that it is not described in the menu.   Our total for our meal of 4 Pupusas and a Coke was $8.95 (plus $3 tip). That is as much as you might spend on combo meals at a fast food place and guess what? This food is a thousand times better.
Stopped in since we were in the mood for some South American breakfast action...The staff here are always so welcoming and their food is simple, straightforward and delicious!  The Plantains with Beans and Sour Cream are plentiful and great for sharing. I also got the Baliada"con todo"(With everything)- A fresh flour tortilla with eggs, beans, avocado, and sour cream. You also can't come here and not try their pupusas...They have added chicken, shrimp, and Squash blossom pupusas recently.  Stop in any time you feel like trying something other than your usual American breakfast fare...ALOHA!!!  YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(131/365) "South American Soul Food"
this is my new favorite place to eat in Vegas. Its the best and the DJ is top notch!
This place is always good. Every time we are in Vegas we need to stop by and get our pupusa fix. Yummy its so good and so cheap.
My steak was really thin but it was delicious. DJ Music was great and karaoke was entertaining. DJ played some great oldies that my mom enjoys listening to. Appetizer was yummy. Chips w their sauce and cheese. Reasonable prices.
Good 4 the $ & tasty!
Is it possible for two people to be full for less than $8? It is for my sister and I. We came in search of some delectable pupusas and came out stuffed. The complimentary basket of chips with cojita cheese set us in the right direction, giving us something to munch on while we look over the large menu.  We had ordered a plate of plain plantains and they are very generous for $2.50. We had six large pieces of fried bananas and they were searing hot. It did not stop me from shoving them into my mouth though. Next were our our two pupusas; one cheese and squash blossoms and one cheese and beans. Both were good, but our favorite was the latter. The cheese crisps up better and compliments the creaminess of the beans well. At $1.50 a piece we were almost full. The pork tamale was the item that pushed us over. It is not something we would jump to order again. At this point we could not eat anything else.  I have been in search of a place to eat after a night of drinking around this side of town. I would recommend coming here for a quick and inexpensive bite.
Having lived in Honduras in the past, I can say that this is the first time I had food in the US that reminded of real Honduran food.  The baliadas, frijoles, queso, crema, everything was excellent.  The only slight disappointment was the platanos fritos - but they were still pretty good.  This place even has banana-flavored Tropical soda.  Before leaving Vegas, I had to stop at this place one last time to get some food for the road.    I definitely recommend this place.
Your typical snob from Summerlin would Hate this place!  I - on the other hand say, "me gusto mucho!" If my Spanish is off - I am trying to say I like it.    We just happened to be in the area and yelped mexican food.  The pictures on Yelp looked good so we thought we would try it.  It was about 8:00 pm on a Sunday.  True story - when I moved to Las Vegas 20 years ago I went to UNLV, so I lived in the area.  I used to go to the Tower records in this strip mall!  Now I am back 20 years later... Anyways I thought that was interesting.  This place is kinda dumpy inside, it was dark and a bit cluttered.  No big deal though - I was sorta expecting that.  The service was muy bueno.  Super friendly waitresses.  The food is Honduran.  They had some Mexican dishes, too.  I ordered the Honduran special dinner plate.  It was compartmentalized like a cobb salad, but of course with out the cobb salad stuff.  It had a piece of steak, 2 eggs, sour cream, cheese, plantanos, rice, avocado and beans.  It was a strange combo but I did enjoy it.  A friend ordered the flautas and said they were very delicious.  Another friend had the pupusas and said they were tasty!    The food is moderately priced.  Great value here.  Around 9:00 they busted out some Karaoke!  Seriously.  It was all in Spanish, but it was cool.  It got crowded, too.  People there were having a good time.  They were serving beer, not sure about alcohol though.  One observation was there were almost all men here.  So, for you ladies looking to score a latin lover your chances here are through the roof at this place!!  The name "Rincon Catracho" translated is --- "Honduran Corner ."
ANOTHER BOOKMARK CHECKED OFF.  Based on the reviews, I had my mind made up to try any one of their pupusas.   As I enter their nice sized restaurant, I am greeted by one of the very nice servers. "Hola!" she says. I just smile and make my way to one of their tables. I still have flashbacks to my Tacos El Gordo incident (refer to my review).   So while im looking at the menu, she brings me chips with some kind of cheese and salsa on them to snack on.   So im trying to decide which pupusas to get when out of nowhere my eye catches a picture on the menu of scrambled eggs and skirt steak. I point at it and say I want this. She smiles at me and says in a sexy Latin accent, "Chilaquiles?" Now whether or not she knew I didnt speak Spanish did not matter any more. I smile and say "Si!"   After my meal I am thinking about making a trip to Central America because if their food is like this than sign me up for a Latin Food crawl! Of course I'm gonna need a translator because I will be too busy eating!  Service was great. I like the vibe these ladies put out. Kind of like when you are new in town and they wanna show you their hospitality. I think next time I will definitely order a pupusas or two.  So again I don't know how to speak Spanish but when it comes to good food, my stomach understands just fine!
I'm sorry to say I was very disappointed in this place. All I wanted was some delicious pupusas & I simply did not get it. Instead hubby & I got a moody waitress, a wait of nearly 25 minutes for our order & when we received our food we wanted to just walk out without paying. Food was nothing like we expected. It was tasteless pupusas, the salsa that goes over your pupusas was too watery and the cabbage salad that goes on your pupusas not fresh it tasted rubbery. Disgusting!! Hubby & I did not eat everything on our plate. The family that arrived before us was unhappy with their food as well. about 10 minutes before we were done with our meal we witnessed the lady trying to at least get something on her bill discounted because it was that bad.  When we walked up to the cashier to pay for our food the cashier & the waitress were still talking among themselves about the incident with no regard. They continued speaking about the lady and her complaints. Let me just say if I was her mother I would wash her mouth with soap. Never again will I return to this place. Hubby & I were still hungry since we ate less than half of our food so we went to the nearest McDonald's for burgers. You can not go wrong with McDonald's.
The food sucks!! My husband well done steak was undercook.  The chicken soup smelled funny and tasteless. I have better papusas elsewhere for similar price.  The milk Guanabana was not even sweet.  Will go else for Honduras cuisine.
This place is A OK.   The service is kind of slow but they're nice. I think they were having an off night because of computer errors. They forgot one of my items and left it on my receipt. They took it off after I said something but it was still annoying. The place is big. They have a big menu.  Anyways they have Central American food. I went to a sister restaurant on the north east that I actually prefer. I love Central American tamales, pupusas, and plantains!   I got one of my favorite dishes which was fried chicken, fried plantains, slaw, and pickled onions. This is AMAZING! They serve it with a sort of mustard and the combination is just amazing.  I also had one of their pupusas which was good. The slaw on top was a good compliment.  The complimentary chips are topped with this warm sauce that is also one of my favorite parts of the meal.  They have some things to work out like ambience, better and more friendly service, and not forget  one of the items I ordered.. And I'd totally give em five stars. The service isn't unfriendly at all the entire visit was just awkward. It just wasn't anything special.  Definitely try the food!   I will go back but I'm in no rush.
Hubs and I were in need of a place away from Las Vegas Blvd aka The Strip and we found this place on Yelp. The reviews weren't bad, so we went for it, even tho Hubs had some major reservations upon walking in. This place is a dive no doubt about it but I'm not one to let lack of decor hinder me from a good food experience.   The service was a bit slow for my tastes but the servers were very pleasant. Our server didn't speak very good English so I got to use my woefully dormant Spanish. The prices for the servings are quite good. We ordered a bunch of appetizer plates: shrimp empanadas - 3 to an order, chicharonnes with yucca frita, 1 asada beef pupusa, an order of tostones, and beer yet we spent less than $30 before tip. This place is obvi priced for locals not tourists. Me gusta mucho!!   As for the food itself... I've never had Honduran fare before so I can't speak on how authentic it was. The food was good though not outstanding. Although well-seasoned, the pork was very dry and the tostones needed some dipping sauce for flavor.
I'd like to rate it 4.5 stars, but YELP won't let me. We came here for breakfast this morning around 10ish, and it was really good.   When we walked in, we were allowed to pick our seating and the server was quick to give us menus and offer us drinks. I whipped out my crappy Spanish, and he didn't seem bothered, which was nice (some people get offended when you try to speak their language and fail...whoops).   I ordered a coffee and my fiance ordered the tamarindo. By the time we got our drinks, we were ready to order. My coffee was tiny! It looked like it was served in a tea set or something, it was kinda cute. Then I noticed the other patrons beside us also ordered coffee and got two regular sized cups...what?  Our food came out relatively fast for homemade food. We both had scrambled eggs (with tomatoes and onions), fresh sliced avocado, and fried plantains. My fiance's food came with refried beans and crema (cream), while mine came with casamientos (whole beans and rice, mixed together). Both were really delicious. They also brought us some tortillas hecho a mano (hand made), which were delicous and perfectly cooked. Mine also came with chorizo (Mexican sausage) but it was one tiny little piece; not significant enough for the price jump between the two dishes.   Downside? With my tiny cup of coffee, I finished it well before halfway done with my food. They didn't come to check on us for a while, and by the time they did, I was really thirsty. They had to make a fresh pot of coffee, understandable in the mornings, but then the guy spilled it all over the table and saucer and cup and then left....wtf? Thought this was kinda funny, seeing as I would have offered a napkin or a new saucer or wiped it up....  Overall the food and coffee (what I drank) was delicious. Would have liked them to check on us a bit more regarding refills (I drank half of my fiance's tamarindo while waiting for more coffee, and they never gave him anymore either, or offered us water; didn't give us an opportunity to ask either, after the coffee incident). We were waiting for the check for a few minutes after we finished, stacked the plates and piled up the mess, went to the restroom, etc. and they never came. We waited until we saw another guest walk up to the register, and decided to head up front too, though its a bit odd for a sit down restaurant.   Would come again for the food, but will be prepared to ask for refills in advance and specify what you want (I thought the sausage would have been different; I should have asked, shame on me). I do recommend the food. I usually can't bear to eat eggs (because they taste or smell funny to me) but these were great. Job well done.
I ordered the carne guisada for 10 dollars and enjoyed it very much. I took about half of it home because we ordered so much food! I also got some well flavored black beans and white rice on my plate as well as some Russian salad. I have never had it before so I don't have much to compare it to. I would describe it as big chunks of slow cooked beef with some root vegetables. Very comforting.   The food has a very home cooked taste to it so naturally everything is delicious. I got to try some of the pupusas as well, they are very tasty; the pickled veggie topping that normally comes with them is ok but not the best I have had.   Things did take a bit of time to come out, but our waitress told us it would be 20 minutes. No problem with me as long as it's got that home cooked flavor!
Loved this place! It was our last day of our semi-crazy Vegas weekend with my brother and cousins and decided to stop off at a place to eat with no crazy lines so off the strip we went in search of a long shot. Our guess totally paid off! We ordered too much food, but it was worth it. The pupusas are filling and tastey. Shrimp cocktail was awesome! I forget what my bro and cousins had, but they all loved it. Everything we ordered was soooo good! The server was nice and jokes around with us a bit. They have a jukebox with lots of old and new music and they didn't seem to mind us singing to the songs! We didn't have a problem until my cousin thought she ordered a Salvadoran relleno de papa and instead she got a Guatemalan relleno de papa which is TOTALLY different. I don't remember if it was specified on the menu or not, but if not, then it was our mistake. Just make sure you ask them to clarify because some countries make the same things with different names or different things with same names.
This review was meant to be written 3 weeks ago...here it goes.. on the Guatemalan side, we ordered: Pupusa: like a tortilla with white looking cheese on top.  Nothing special.  Was very filling...but not in a good way.  Annie said she usually gets the one with pork, but they didn't have it at this restaurant Taquitos:  with shredded pork.  aight. Tamale:  real chicken, with bones!  this was good. Sopa de siete mares:  lacks flavor...I took a sip and didn't bother for more horchata:  tasted too earthy for me.  I am used to the mexican version.   hot maiz drink:  first few sips were good...then I got a headache...  I don't know what happened here, but maybe it's just the food that we ordered, but I don't think I will be coming back  Sorry :(
I love this place! It is inexpensive. I went here with four friends and we all ate a lot of food for about 30 dollars. I came back later with my boyfriend and the two of us ate for around 15 dollars.  I love their breakfast platters and their pupusas. It is just good all around Central American food. Every time I go to Vegas I make sure to come and eat here :)
I met my wife for dinner the other day. El Santaneco is close to my work and across from her school (UNLV), so we decided to give El Santaneco a try.  I ordered the chile relleno de carne de puerco. It was pretty decent.  My wife got the pupusas with chicken and potatoes. She's a big fan of pupusas and was happy to find a convenient place serving them up. She said she's had better, but they're good enough to satisfy her craving. Unfortunately, they did not have flan which was listed on the menu and is her favorite, so that craving was unfulfilled.  We were given the requisite chips and salsa. The chips kind of seemed like half of them were store bought and half were homemade. The salsa was orangish. It was good and interesting. it reminded me of a cross between chicken broth and tomato soup.  The waitress barely spoke English and we speak minimal Spanish, but we got along okay.
I give the pupusas revueltas 5 stars but the restaurants decor has got. to. go. I was also confused at what the name of this place was because the have like 3 different names on the menu.   This is a hole in the wall place so naturally I wouldn't expect the decor to be lavish but this place sure could use some decluttering.   The food, on the otherhand, was DELICIOUS!!!
A bit tacky (plastic sheets on the tables) and a WAY too loud juke box, but the service was good.  The food is nothing special.
Pupusas! That's all I had when I went here for lunch today. Frankly, it's all I need to be a fan of this place. You'll pay $2.25-$2.50 for the ones with any sort of substance in them i.e. chicken or shrimp or fish. After just a chicken and a shrimp pupusa, I was surprisingly full.  Ignore the sign on the window that says 99c Pupusas. It's misleading. On Mondays and Wednesdays, you can get pupusas for 99c, but you have to order 10 of them. So really, it's 10 pupusas for $9.90. Maths is hard. Yes, I said maths.
Been coming here for the last few years, every so often for lunch. This place offers a mix of Mexican, Guatemalan and Salvadorian food. But I've only tried a few things over and over.. Their Pupusas! If your not familiar, Pupusas are a traditional Salvadorian dish that consists of a handmade corn tortilla and then stuffed with one or more ingredients. It llooks like a thick/stuffed white corn tortilla. If you've never had it, try it, they're great!  My usual order:  (Complimentary) Chips and Black Bean (sprinkled with a little queso) Dip.  I love black beans and they aren't that common. They come warm, creamy, a little salty.   Revueltas Pupusa (pork, bean and cheese): The pork is grounded so it wasn't chunky,, beans were mashed, and the cheese just melted it all together like a thin spread. The pork had a nice flavor, just enough to taste it. Beans were creamy and Cheese had a mild bite. This was my favorite of all the Pupusa's I've tried here.   Queso Y Frijol (cheese and beans): I love bean and cheese burritos, so this just made sense!   Queso (cheese): Plain ol' cheese, Sometimes simple goes a long way!  *Pupusa's always come with 2 condiments (Curtido and Salsa Roja) that are mandatory to add with every bite. Curtido is thinly sliced cabbage, carrots and onions.. that's been pickled of some sort. Salsa Roja is a orange/red color sauce that resembles chili but it isn't spicy. it is more like a seasoned tomato sauce. My method is to pour the Curtido on top of the whole Pupusa then pour the Salsa Roja over that. SOO GOOOD!!  The staff here always seemed to be in a good mood, polite and kept a smile =D. Prices are very reasonable and they have a special on monday's and wednesdays for 99 cent Pupusas. Super deal! Place was always bumpin' the jams like reggaeton, spanish dance.. Like really loud sometimes! Never bothered me but had to throw that in! So, if you want something other than tacos or quesadillas then I say try these bad boys!
Not the best but good.  I ordered the steak nachos to go. The portion was large. Nothing more to say except average.
Papusas are great but they overcooked my tamale and it was dark and burnt overall pretty good
I was really not familiar with Salvadorian food when I first tried this place. The pupusas were good. I really do not have anything to base my rating on but it is very tasty and crispy. The tamales are excellent at this place (chicken or pork). The masa that they use is really fluffy and tasty. Not dry like other tamales tend to be. The menu looks really different and I want to try some of the entrees but I am afraid of being disappointed. The service is ok. Sometimes it takes them long because I believe everthing it is made to order. Order the tamales and you cannot go wrong!!!
Best popusas ever..especially their special on Wednesday's they have their $1 popusas if you buy a dozen okay let me tell you they have the best that I ever tasted.
A buddy of mine kept telling me about their pupusas so we came here.   The place is kind of hidden inside a shopping center on Tropicana and Pecos. It's kind of small in size but authentic. It's pretty colorful with paintings on the wall as well as specials they have going on. I'm not familiar at all with Salvadorian food but when I walked in it smelt very good. My curiosity took over and I started to glance at what other customers were eating, everything looked fresh and good.   This place is heavily Spanish spoken. I can read Spanish well but have still have difficulty understanding spoken words. My ordering skills could definitely improve so I let my friend handle the questions I had, just a note.   I started out with 2 asada pupusas. Prior to serving the they set the toppings out, which are is a slaw like topping and hot sauce. We waited about 20 minutes for our food but when it came out it was hot. The pupusas had a little char from and the meat was pretty good inside. I made my meal with all the toppings and it was definitely good!   The service was a little spotty but nothing major.
Awesome food! Kareoke on the weekends! Cheap and delicious pupusas. I liked the horchata and the chilaquiles too.
Place is ok. its cheap, food is average; i had better pupusas, service is below average and dont ask for curtido or salsa because you will not get any more even is less what you get for the food. Overall, below average.
One of the closest to authentic salvadorean food I have tried. The place is small but the service is great so is the food very well worth the price.
My wife was craving some papusas so we drove across town to check this spot out. The place was completely empty... And it appears for good reason.  The place is dirty, run down, and falling apart. The decoration looks thrown together and random.  My wife said it was "real salvadoran" and there was a Chicken fast food bag from El Salvador which made it authentic. I guess if i ever go to El Salvador and there's a bag of KFC In an American restaurant I'll know it's a good spot.  Either way, the service was pretty bad and the cashier/waitress rolled her eyes at us. The waitress didn't speak English so my salvadoran wife had to order.  It took about 30 minutes for them to make our food.  The waitress didn't say a word to us the entire time.  She stayed in the Back the whole time.  When we got home and actually tried the food it was decent. The papusas are a little on the thick side from all the masa and the carne asada papusas have very little meat.  I'd recommend the pork and cheese and the bean and cheese.  This place would have to be the all out last resort for salvadoran food in this city.  It's not bad. . But the service and restaurant it self is not up to par with what else is in this city.
Have to give these guys a five. Came to Vegas for EDC weekend(we're from San Francisco originally) so we've got a taste for pupusas. I've eaten at probably a dozen pupuserias in San Francisco and this place really takes the cake. I love their bean and cheese and chicharron and cheese pupusas.  A cheap, tasty meal for those on a budget in Vegas.
Really good food. Had a couple Papusas and some of the sausages. I completely enjoyed the meal. To bad that the atmosphere was ruined by one of the clients that was drunk patron who was looking for a fight. The staff kept serving the guy and allowing him to talk down to patrons. The abuse didn't stop until he began to abuse the staff.
We found this place off the LV local rag. What was interesting was the fact that this place served Peruvian AND Chinese food. I got a real kick out of that, but truly, I was not there for Chinese.   This is only the second experience we've had with Peruvian food, the first being at Inka Grill in Costa Mesa. I ordered lomo saltado, something I thoroughly enjoyed before and did not disappoint this time either. I remembered it being served with potatoes but asked for them to be omitted. Extremely flavorful with onions and tomatoes though the cut of beef used was not as good as IG, but it was also 5 bucks cheaper.  I was very curious the first time trying Peruvian food how it reminded me of Chinese food but now after researching  I realized that there is a HUGE Chinese presence in Peru which is reflected in the cuisine. One of the famous Peruvian dishes is chaufa which is their version of fried rice. We did not order that though.  The other dish we had was Aji Pollo which was like a very mild chicken curry. With the miracle green sauce which makes everything taste great, it was pretty good although the texture was a bit weird. But like lil guy said the green sauce wasn't as flavorful nor was it as spicy as the one at Inka Grill.  Run by a Peruvian family, the son takes the order and serves while mom and other family members are in the kitchen preparing. The place is small and has traces of Peruvian AND Chinese decorations. A hole in the wall but a gem nevertheless.
The BF drove by Little Dumpling and was pleasantly surprised to see a restaurant advertising Peruvian food.  After our little jaunt to Peru a couple of months ago, we wanted to see what Little Dumpling had to offer!  Little Dumpling serves two types of food - Chinese and Peruvian.  You'll find two separate menus, so it's really two restaurants in one.  And you'll definitely notice the Chinese influenced Peruvian food since there's a decent amount of Chinese immigrants in Peru.  Going for the staple, the BF ordered the Lomo Saltado ($9.95).  I decided to be a bit adventurous and went for their Cau Cau de Pollo ($9.00), which seemed like chicken in yellow curry.  The BF liked their Lomo Saltado because the french fries were still crispy and it tasted pretty good.  My chicken dish was pretty basic, and I was dumping a lot of their green sauce on there.  Both are generous orders and a bit pricey, in my opinion.  The BF asked if they served quinoa, but the waiter looked at us like he didn't know what we were talking about.  Oh well.  I figure we better not ask if they serve cuy or alpaca either then!  The cool thing is that they serve Inca Cola!  It comes in cans though, but will bring you straight back to Peru when you get a taste of this sweet yellow stuff.  Service is pretty slow.  It was a weekday around dinner time.  They had one customer finishing up and had a few people come in for to go orders.  We had to ask the waiter a couple of times for a take out box for our leftovers, and it took him awhile to get these.  (We were in rush 'cuz I had a flight to catch!)  Overall, it satisfied our curiosity about what Little Dumpling was serving up.  Their Peruvian menu isn't in English, so good luck with that.  Maybe their ceviche might be worth checking out?  (Pics of our beef and chicken dishes are posted on their business profile!)
This place could be great, really.  Unfortunately the place as rather unattractive, the decor was sparse and forgettable, the only sounds were the people talking and the annoying television, and the waitress was shy, not very talkative, and wasn't great at helping you decide what to get.  The menu is rough-looking, has nothing to describe the food at all, and doesn't really appeal to a first-timer for Peruvian food.  It lacks the polish of a good restaurant, really.    The food, you ask?  Decent.  The food on the menu is just a bunch of names, and how those names relate to the food at all is a mystery to the uninformed, so you have to ask your server.  As I stated earlier, the server has not forthcoming with explanations, so you had to just pick whatever you thought sounded nice.  The Chinese is lackluster and in fact a little more pricey than other Chinese-only places.  Don't come here for that.  The Peruvian food has more character, but even so, it's so hit-or-miss that it's not even worth the time and effort.  Suggestions for improvement?  They need to put a bit more capital into the decor, take the TV out of there, lower the amount of light and get indirect lighting.  Drop the Chinese completely, and change the name to an exotic, Peruvian-sounding name.  Play to your uniqueness, and you'll get much better attention.  If you feel you must have Chinese food there, due to Chinese immigrant influence on Peru's cuisine, then add it as "Asian-Influenced" or something to the otherwise Peruvian menu.  Add some photos of the dishes, as well as a description for each and every item.  For a non-Spanish speaker, the food on the menu might as well have been gibberish.  This could've been great, but as it stands, it's kind of dismal and not worth your time.
This place is a hole in the wall...but aren't all the best ones??!?  When I lived in Vegas, this was the ONLY authentic Peruvian restaurant.  Their lomo saltado is delicious! I've had their jalea, aji de gallina, chaufa...almost all the items and their portions are generous. The alfajores and the lucuma ice cream are simply a little piece of heaven!
I had never had Peruvian food before going to eat in this small joint. The decorations are pretty sparse but interesting. It's also interesting that they serve Chinese and Peruvian food. I don't know much about Peruvian food but I had a dish with meat, gravy, French fries and rice all on one plate. My wife and I have eaten here twice and enjoyed it both times.
Small little hidden place, but worth a try.   When i visited Peru, i was amazed how many Chinese restaurants there were. After returning to the States, I really missed it because it had a different flavor than the Chinese food i was use to. Well Little Dumpling Chinese/Peruvian has really good Chinese food, and their Peruvian Food awesome as well. Definitely worth a try.
Good peruvian not like mi peru
Literally one of the best meals I have ever had.  Imagine this:  4 p.m. local time, family of four has just arrived in town from East Coast.  Husband, wife, and two jet-lagged little kids are looking for somewhere, anywhere to eat an early dinner while driving through the suburban hell that is outer Vegas.  Seriously, there's got to be a good place to eat, but who can tell where to find it among the non-descript strip malls and chain restaurants?  Chinese is usually reliable, right?  Okay, so let's stop at this Little Dumpling place.  Pull into especially dingy-looking shopping strip.  Husband notices that this is actually Peruvian-Chinese fusion, not just regular Chinese.  He takes the gamble and says the place is probably good.  Wife is too sleep-deprived and hungry to put up a fight.  Looking back, is she ever glad that she let herself get talked into this place.  Apparently, there was a Chinese population that ended up in Peru sometime after WWII, and as happens pretty much anywhere Chinese people immigrate, they created a fusion cuisine.  As we have "American Chinese," the Peruvians have "Peruvian Chinese."  American Chinese isn't authentic Chinese, but it can be very, very good, so I was open-minded.    We started with an order of Yuca a la Huancaina, fried strips of yucca (cassava) topped in a very slightly spicy bright-yellow sauce.  The host/waiter/owner's son told me that the sauce was made with peppers and was dairy based, but I'm pretty sure it's also got egg yolks in it.  Either way, it's absolutely heavenly.    We also ordered the Tallarin Chino, or Chinese noodles, topped with vegetables (these are usually made with meat, but they accommodated us).  They're served with a gingery, garlicky black bean sauce and taste much like mei fun or lo mein or those squiggly thin egg noodles that you sometimes get in Thai restaurants.  We also ordered Pescado a lo Macho, which is supposed to be very spicy, but which they made mild for us.  It's a crispy-fried fillet of bass that is served with a tomato-pepper sauce thickened with cornstarch.  Also delicious.  Loved the place so much that we went back a week and a half later, just as we were ready to leave town.  I especially love their desserts.  The best was the alfajores, sandwiched butter cookies with a dulce de leche filling.  Also, the Chicha Morada is not to be missed.  It's traditional Peruvian style punch, made with blue corn, pineapple juice, lime juice, and a few other ingredients and is delicious and refreshing.  I believe the traditional way to make this drink is alcoholic, but this version is not.
One day I had a crazy day at work where I had worked like 31 hours in one day. My mom so happens to call me to ask me if I want to get food with her, and I said I'm too tired to move. She says, well, I'll pick you up and we'll go to this Peruvian place. Off we go, as my admittedly tired self tries to make small talk. We end up here, at Little Dumpling. The place was mostly empty... a party of four was leaving there table, and another table had clearly just been left, too. Or was it...?  So we sit down to wait for our menus and drink orders. A kid comes up and says he'll be right with us and heads into the back of the restaurant, into the kitchen area. Great. So we wait. And wait. And wait some more. He emerges with our menus like ten minutes later and asks what we'll drink. Inca Kola, of course. Then he takes our orders, as we had plenty of time to decide what we wanted while we waited.   We finally get our food, and it was pretty good. Nothing amazing, but it wasn't as poor as my mood. My parents were not too happy with their food, though I was. But we all agreed that the portions were generous, and a pretty good deal. My parents would have rated this place four stars on value alone, though I give it three: yes, it was a value, but so is a $.89 cheeseburger... but that's not why we came here!  During the hour or so we were here, the other two tables were never cleared. They sat there the whole time, while the kid who served our food chilled in the kitchen. Another family walked in as we were walking out, and they seemed to know the kid who worked there. They asked about his sister or his mom or something, and he seemed happy to see them. I bet they didn't wait ten minutes for a menu...
Got to experience this fabulous place the other day.  It was around 3:30pm (the odd not lunch yet not dinner time) so we were the only ones in there.  The waitress was super nice and very friendly.  The Papas a la Huancaina are fantastic ad I found myself not wanting to stop eating them, the Seco was to-die-for.  IT's slow cooked beef (fall apart) in a broth/sauce and served with white rice and beans.  My friend had the chicken fried rice off the chinese menu and even that was delicious.  Sure, it's $10 for a plate, but I got TWO very healthy servings out of it.  I ate myself silly and then brought home enough leftovers to eat just as big of a portion the next day.  I don't care about the decor, nor what it looks like.  It was clean and the food was delicious, that's all I care about.  So, good job Little Dumpling, I'm definitely going there again before I leave in a few days.  And I may perhaps beg for your Seco recipe.
Where do I even begin this review! I am reviewing for "INKA GRILL" and not the previous restaurant "Little Dumpling" By far one of my worst experiences at a restaurant EVER! By the way I am Peruvian so I obviously know good Peruvian food (As most Peruvians do) I get there with a group of people and right off the bat the Chicha Morada (Purple Drink) is clearly made from a package and not fresh. My friend orders dumpling and they were disgustingly gross and the flavor was pungent tasted like they used WAAAY too much ginger. After I tried that I was scared to try anything else. Before our main dishes arrived a PIZZA HUT delivery guy came and delivered pizza to the employees (YEAH NOT EVEN THEIR EMPLOYEES BOTHER EATING their own poison) When our main dishes were served the ceviche didn't seem fresh, the lomo saltado was overly salty, my friend ordered an Asian dish and it was overcooked and DRY!!! I REPEAT DO NOT EAT AT THIS RESTAURANT. TRUST ME . I was really embarrassed that they had the Peruvian flag up while they were serving this kind of horrible food. Please everyone I urge you. DO NOT EAT HERE
My boyfriend and I love this place!   We had Chicha Morada (sweet purple corn drink), papa la huancaina (boiled potatoes covered in creamy and spicy  huancaina sauce) , seco (delicious beef and cilantro stew with rice) and lomo saltado (sauteed strip of sirloin, tomatoes, onions, fries and rice).   I've grown up eating Peruvian food and think this place serves as a great substitution for the real deal (parents and grandma don't live here!) We usually get good service and the food has been consistently good. Honestly, I'm happy to see the improvements from the new owners and look forward to try the food when the new chef starts... exciting because we've already tried the new chef's food from an over-priced restaurant in San Diego and sad because we'll be going back home soon.  This place is definitely worth a try because you get a great meal at an affordable price.
I was cold calling for my job and I saw someone eating this dish that looked awesome. It was lunchtime and I said what the heck and decided to order. I ordered the lomo saltado and it will be a staple of mine for years to come. Great place to eat anytime.
When in Phoenix, one expects a lot of tacos, chile rellenos, burritos and the like.  Padre's puts an extra special spin on the standards and then some!  Starters -- chips and salsa?  Hell, no!  Granted, I had to talk my table into the Cilantro Mousse, but yes, the lil' serving bowl was licked clean by the time the Cazuela de Queso Fundido came.  Melted cheese is always fun.  Enchiladas.  Standard Mexican fare.  BUT at Padre's, they serve it up with salmon and spinach.  Tacos.  Standard.  BUT with Duck...amazing!    Pedro's puts a spin on a standard favorite, but nobody was complaining one bit.
I love this place!  Padres has a great happy hour I would recomend the house margarita however, they do have a fine line of tequilas.  The food is to die for my favorite is the Black Bean Soup and the Chicken Pesto Pasta.  Whether you are looking for a nice dinner or some appetizers at the bar you really can't go wrong.
Stained glass windows and brightly colored walls with walnut trim greet you upon entering the main room/bar of this neighborhood hot spot.  The various rooms of this cottage style restaurant keep it intimate, but the bustle of activity in the main room keep a lively spirit moving thru out.  Family owned and run, these people greet you like you're friends.  From Thursday to Saturday evenings you hear the festive sound of the featured musicians of the week, with of course a Latin beat. Great food and something for everyone with fresh salads, entrees with spice; and cream sauces, seafood, pork chops - you name it.  Word to the sweet tooths' - do not pass up dessert.  The flan in this place is the best I've ever had.  Moderately priced.
I used to live very close to Padres and try to get back their whenever I am in the neighborhood.   Probably the best $5 margarita in town. There, I said it, let it be known.  Good happy hour spot with a different take on your classic mexican dishes. The staff are all young, helpful and energetic. There is a bartender there known as "super-bartender", he is the one encouraging patrons to take shots. Which never makes for a bad time.  They have a salmon enchilada dish that is lights out. I am usually there for happy hour but the rest of the entree menu looks and sounds very good.
Just can't get into this place... there are some really nice reviews about Padre's.  I've been 3 times and all 3 times have left me just like "whatever"-- not really good, not terrible but more just nothing.   The service was odd, we were the ONLY ones in there one time (this may have been when they first opened) and nobody came to our table, I had to go get someone.  So that right off the bat left me unhappy but I tried it a couple more time after that and I still got the nothing feeling and the service was as I said before, odd.
Love this place. I typically do the Pork Enchiladas with Green Tomatillo sauce, but everything on the menu is delicious. This is one of the only authentic Mexican restaurants in town, others being Barrio, La Hacienda, and Los Reyes. If you like the american style, with the rice and beans, chimichangas, etc. stay away, because you will not find that garbage here. The food is light and central american kinda style. The bar is a fun place on the weekends when they have a live salsa-merengue band that comes on at 8 or 830 and turns into more of a festive bar atmosphere. I've never been sick after eating here, and have always recieved good service. They are also excellent for groups. I like to book the back room, which holds at least 20 people and is almost like a semi-private room.
The reason I love Padre's is it's the perfect combo of casual, relaxed and DELICIOUS.   Great prices, cold beer, great selection of margaritas and other drinkie-poos, and yummy food to go with the drinking.   I think the servers and bartenders here are all very nice, outgoing and friendly.   And they have a great sense of humor too - Example: as a single person, I hate Valentine's Day.  - every other restaurant in town trys to bring in the "couples" with all their hearts and flowers b.s..... but Padre's had a hilarious party where they played only "broken heart" and "he cheated on me and now I'm going to kill him" songs....  too funny.    Love it there.
I heard this place had duck tacos, so I had to check 'em out! Sure enough, they do, and they're awesome. My one gripe: I couldn't eat the tacos with my hands because either they were too full or the tortillas were too small. The duck was great, though. They let you pick how much you want the duck cooked. I picked Medium Well. The salsa was also very good.  It was a bit pricey -- $14.95 at dinnertime (which is when I went) and $12.95 at lunch time. Not outragous. Just pricey.  The service was good.
I had driven by Padre's so many times... and, truly, never even gave it much thought. But, my friend Tiffany had been talking about how much she enjoyed the band that performed there, and that they were doing a 3 Amigos tequila tasting... so we settled upon Padre's for a late dinner last night. I'm so glad we did!!  It was everything Tiffany had said and more! I'm a big fan of carne adovada (grew up in New Mexico) and theirs was the best I've had in a long, long time! Cubes of pork marinated and slow roasted in red chile... It was so tender, it was hard to stab it with your fork and when you did what a reward for your mouth! It just melts! The chile was good (although, I prefer it a little hotter). The portion was generous: a flour tortilla prepares the plate for a heap of the adovada, some ranch style beans and a bit of rice.  I have a feeling I'm going to be craving that again very soon... thank goodness for left overs! (Maybe breakfast?)
The food here is really really good. The service is normally really good as well. The only thing that makes it 4 versus 5 is the parking and it is a little pricey.  Try the tomatillo enchiladas. They are.... TO DIE FOR. In fact... I am craving them now... YUM!
The food was very good and different.  We started with the guacamole which was very good and tasted fresh.  For dinner, I ordered the Pollo Relleno which was absolutely delightful. A chicken breast stuffed with poblano chiles, caramelized onions, corn and goat cheese, surrounded by a poblano cream sauce. The mashed potatoes were unique and had a bit of a kick (in a good way) they were guajilo mashed potatoes and the accompanying vegetables were delicious.  For dessert we had the flan which was a bit rich, but still very good.   We went on a Saturday evening around 7:30p, the place had a couple private parties going on but we opted to sit in the bar area, as it had quite a bit more atmosphere than the dining areas.  Parking was tight, but it looks like they are now using the available lot in the back which provided a ton more additional parking.
I've been to Padre's twice now - once for a full dinner and a second time for a margarita and a bite. I really like the bar area, find the service to be friendly and attentive, and think that certain dishes on the are top-notch. On the downside, the dining area (as opposed to the bar) is dull, the parking is tight, and the margaritas aren't all they're cracked up to be.   Both times we've gone, we've really loved the food. The cilantro mousse was a really interesting and different accompaniment to chips, and the black bean soup was a flavorful and rich starter. As far as main dishes,  the duck tacos are absolutely outstanding. Wow. We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside. I'm not a huge steak person, and I love the way their duck combines the juiciness and charred texture of steak with the lightness of poultry. Both times, we also had super-friendly servers who were very attentive.   We did not fall head-over-heels for the margaritas, though. We tried the $5 Padre's Margarita and found it to be way too sweet. Not the worst margarita we've had, but nothing outstanding either; I much prefer the house margaritas at Z Tejas if I'm going to go cheap, or the fresh-squeezed/hand-mixed ones at McCormick's if I feel like splurging.   We also weren't huge fans of the dining area. The first time, we chose to sat there, whereas the second time we were offered a table since the bar area was full. It's just kind of closed off and uninspiring, with ugly gold ceiling fans and no windows. Atmosphere isn't everything, but it would be nice for the dining area to complement or highlight the inventiveness and passion that clearly goes into the food.   A few final notes:   1. Parking is tight, and even if you're lucky enough to find a spot in front, good luck getting out of it. I had to do a three-point turn just to pull out of the angled spot!  2. There appears to be a big patio on the left side of the building. I'm not sure if food is served there, but it looked like a really pretty spot to have a drink and talk. 3. Happy hour is M-F from 4-6 pm in the bar area only. Beer is $2.50, margaritas are $3, mojo martinis and wine of the day are $5, and mojitos are $6. There is a special 6-item bar food menu with prices ranging from $5 to $7.
We were in Phoenix for a Thanksgiving vacation - five of us, and everyone wanted Mexican. So we yelped a place for dinner and decided on Padres.  The food was great, the service as well - and it had a friendly and positive atmosphere as well.  The food is really excellent- more real mexican than American mexican - which is a good thing by my standards... It was reasonable, by Bay Area standards, anyway - and worthwhile.  If I go back to Phoenix I would definitely revisit!  Thanks for a great evening!
I played here on New Year's Eve and never knew the place existed before.  They have live music on Fridays, salsa in variety.    I was eating off the New years menu and ordered the Duck.  In short it was gangster.  Cooked to perfection, just under medium, masterfully seasoned, artfully presented.  All the other things I saw were inline with my entree.    After the New Year's festivities, the owner whooped up a smorgasbord of items for the band, Djs and employees to reconstitute themselves on.  Being New Years, and having stopped playing by 10, my memory of the specifics of the smorgasbord items is vague at best, but my memory of my tongue's and tummy's delight isn't fractured.    I truly believe this place to be a nugget.  It's owned and operated by really cool people, the food is crazy good, it's cozy, great bands... what more do you want.  Oh and for those who worry about the parking, I have been informed that they own the lot diagonally across from their establishment.
It's mainly  the cilantro mousse that keeps me coming back to Padre's or perhaps the black bean soup and the pesto pasta.  Decent sangria and margaritas and consistently good service.  There seems to be something for everyone's tastes on the menu - I've taken picky eaters here a few times and they have always been happy.
So, I walked in to Padre's, looked around, and decided to take a seat at the bar. I asked the bartender for a menu and he told me that he couldn't serve me. Having never been to Padre's before, I inquired as to what on earth he was talking about. Apparently the rent-a-security gave some sort of secret service hand signal not to serve me. But why?  Then the gorilla at the door decided to pay me a personal visit, came over, and asked me to leave himself. I mean, I was dressed in an expensive jacket, slacks, a nice collared shirt, and I'm a clean-cut late 30-something guy. So, it wasn't as if I had stumbled in wearing a sequin-studded thong and nipple tassels with my junk hanging out. I asked to speak to the manager. The door guy left and returned a few seconds later. He simply said something to the bartender, then there was my menu. Apparently somebody earlier wearing the "same color jacket" was kicked out, for some reason.  No apology, nothing. I ordered a beer and left. With a simple apology from someone.. anyone.. I would have stayed for dinner.  My advice, if you go: do not wear a burgundy jacket.
Why oh why did it take me so long to discover Padre's?  Being a huge fan of modern Mexican cuisine, I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of food served at Padre's.  I found them to be in the same family as Dick's or Sierra Bonita, muy bueno!  The outside of the building is a bit deceiving and the parking is pretty tight. I wasn't quite prepared for what we stepped in to. Came on a Friday night and chose to sit in the dining area (my date tried to opt for the huge patio, but it was far to windy for that).  The band Cascabel was playing in the bar area, and the music and volume were the perfect enrichment to our dining pleasure.   We started with the jalapeno-bacon wrapped scallops and they were to die for. The bacon was cooked in jalapenos wich gave it just the right bite at the end. The scallops surrounded a pesto risotto and sat in a roasted red pepper cream sauce . The pesto risotto was not only delicious, but a delightful surprise at a "Mexican Restaurant".  For our meal we shared the modern cowboy steak, a 12oz. grilled rib eye, guajillo mashed potatoes, sauteed garlic spinach and again with the delicious roasted red pepper cream. I really loved the mashed potatoes, they were red from all the chili seasoning and absolutely perfect.   I washed all this down with a sangria and although it was a bit tart (tasted like they used a sweet and sour mixer) it was still decent.  The multiple rooms in the restaurant keep it intimate, while the bar area provides a more lively atmosphere.  The service was excellent, I can't wait to return for HH!
i would have rather had Tacos' De Juarez to be honest.  i was completely left unimpressed. i would rate this place lower if the food wasn't at least decent. i was going to rate it 3 stars but after reliving all my greivences in my head i need to put it down to two. i will come back for another try sometime..better luck then. on to my review...  i shared the rib eye tacos with my friend which tasted great, the meat was rare as requested, but what annoyed me is we were given a bowl of whole beans in a soup instead of mashed frijoles like another guest who ordered tacos. where is the consistency here? the molded rice tower was interesting for plating. the rice had good flavor and didn't seem as blown out as other mexican restaurant rices i have had.  i also tried the lobster quasadilla. i was tragicly disapointed. it was void of flavor, and the sauce on top was not very appealing when i tasted it on it's own. the inside was mushy...but not in a mushy melted cheese way. it was just mushy.  service was mediocre, guests who ordered drinks were left waiting 20 minutes without them. the place was dead last night so there is no excuse of being overwhelmed. i ordered a Dos XX's draft and it tasted flat, so my second drink i opted for a can of PBR. umm 3.50 for a can of PRB is hilarious. i can get a 12 pack at safeway for 5 something i think.  last on my gripe list...originally i ordered duck tacos..she took the order, and then came back to tell me they didn't have them. shouldn't the servers know this? the kitchen staff needs to let servers know what is out before they start taking orders. if when i ordered the duck tacos she said "i'm sorry we are actually out of duck tonight" i would have been ok.. and ordered something else or asked to be skipped till everyone else had ordered. instead i get to have her come back with menus and tell me "sorry we are out of duck tacos". (:-\) no bueno!    Padre's you want to play yourself off as semi upscale mexican restaurant charging 15$ for 3 small tacos. service and atmosphere isn't deserving of your priceing. at least put my PBR in a glass instead of serving it to me in a can.   in conclusion, i will give Padres another shot. but i am in no hurry to return.
I have only been here to have a few drinks but I would go back to try the food. Comfortable atmosphere. Cute patio area in the back.
I visited Padre's some months ago and was pleasantly surprised by my visit. I didn't go in with too high of hopes because I was just going to grab a quick bite. It happened to be Happy Hour at Padres which meant reduced price drinks and appetizers. I chose to go with the Padres Margarita on the rocks with salt (3.50). My drink was a-ok. Nothing amazing about it, but it was good. I ordered the Mexican street tacos and the pork tacos. Again, both were a-ok. I prefer the street tacos over the pork tacos but that's just personal taste.   I would like to try Padre's again for a dinner visit. I hear they have a Salsa group playing on Friday nights! Might be fun to try a new meal and kick up my heels!
I usually stick to my tried and true favorites for Mexican, but I've been trying to branch out.  I'm thinkin' Padre's will go on the rotation.    The atmosphere was perfect for catching up with a friend.  Padre's is dark and cozy with lots of small rooms rather than one large dining area.  We sat in the bar at one of the high top tables.  I think we were the only customers in the bar, but it was during the week.   Our waitress was one of the best I've had in a long time.  Her recommendation of the duck tacos was spot on, I should have listened.  My friend got those and I can't even remember what I got.  The queso dip was also delicious.  It's not completely melted, there are chunks of cheese left in the creamy mixture.  I will definitely be back for Salsa dancing.
Now those my friends, were some $12 tacos.    I know what you're thinking, who in their right mind would pay $12 for some tacos?? I know this, because I was thinking the same exact thing.  Personally, I have issues paying just about anything over $4 for tacos, because I happen to think that's all there worth.  I know I sound like a cheapskate, but I'm really not, I swear!  For a good piece of steak or a nice piece of fish, I expect to pay much more than $12, but there is something about tacos, maybe the fact that I can get spectacular ones at Loco Patron for $1 and $2 on Tuesdays that makes me not want to break the bank.  But, I digress...  I was sitting at home on Cinco de Mayo feeling sorry for myself and content to remain there for the rest of the night, when the lovely Christina P demanded that I get off my ass and come meet her for some late-evening grub at Padres.  As you can imagine, especially with my tolerance for obnoxious drunks, I was not looking forward to going to a Mexican restaurant on this holiday, where I was certain I'd want to punch every patron in the place.  However, Christina P assured me that Padres was not my typical Mexican Cantina and that I would like it.  With the promise of booze and friends, I shot out my door like lightning.  And boy am I glad I did! Yes, Padres was annoying at first with the seemingly 800 people in attendance and nowhere to park, but I was immediately put at ease with a quick beer and a fun bongo driven band to distract me.  We were sat fairly quickly considering how many people were there, and that is where my love affair with these delicious tacos began, and everything went kind of blurry from there.  At our poor overworked waitress' suggestion, I ordered the short rib tacos.  I scoffed at the price, $11.99.  I further scoffed at the fact that there were no drink specials and it was Cinco de Mayo and we were at a Mexican Restaurant.  After a little sweet-talking, she agreed to give us Happy Hour beer prices which is all I could've asked for.  And then they came out.  They didn't look that remarkable at first, oversized, which was nice considering the price, but nothing special...until my first bite.  It was literally the most tender beef I have ever had in a Mexican restaurant, at any Arizona restaurant period.  They melted in my mouth.  They were rich and flavorful.  I had to consult Nathan S. to make sure I wasn't dreaming these magical tacos up, but he confirmed I was lucid and spot on in my diagnosis.  Now those were some $12 tacos...best $12 I've ever spent.
My boyfriend and I went for a drive looking for a place to eat late last night.  We busted a U-turn when we saw Padre's Modern Mexican.  We thought, "why not"... We got inside.  The place was nothing special, kind of rustic and worn-out, but quaint.  We were greeted promptly and taken care of right away.  The wait staff was awesome all night...very attentive.   We started with the cilantro mousse...sounded unique.  It was cilantro whipped into cream cheese, served with 2 salsas and chips.  It was good, but nothing extraordinary. I went to order my dinner, a chicken taco, when my boyfriend stopped me and said, "you can get that anywhere".  So, I ordered the duck tacos.  Good choice! They were fantastic.   I would definitely come back just for those duck tacos.
DEE LISH OUSH!   I love the kobi burger so juicy and delicious, I can't keep my lips off it!  They have a pork sandwich that is to die for.  I have them cater to my office all the time.   They have great potato salad too!
The place is really good but overpriced. This is "Americanized" Latin food, nothing truly authentic. Very tasty though. I recommend the lobster pizza. If you want alcoholic beverages, go during happy hour, otherwise the drink cost is outrageous
Hey! Just went to Padres last night for a margarita. Went with a couple of friends, they ordered some apps, that I of course stole some bites of, and it was pretty yummy. I had a raspberry margarita, which was made just right, and I also had a sip of my friends sangria, which was okay.   Last time I visited Padres, Cascabel was playing (they also played at my wedding) and they were so much fun and everyone was dancing and having a great time.  It's a cute little restaurant, with a cute little bar.
I don't really understand how "Modern Mexican" really fits into the title of the Camelback corridor restaurant. I have been on two separate occasions now and have been anything but impressed. The quality of the food is always bland and the service seriously lacks. I would not recommend anyone to try this place. STAY AWAY!!!
I wanted to rip the "Yelp" sticker right off their front window.  To start: The owner seated us. We didn't know he was the owner, he just seated us and then went back to his beer. He offered us a margarita. I said "Sure" and he gestured vaguely that I was to get up from my table and go to the bar. Go to the bar when I'm paying that much for an entree? Hells no.  The Margarita Delicious. And they only serve about a shot's worth. Not a shot of tequila, but a shot of margarita. It was gone in two sips.  The Lazy Enchilada's (apparently the owner's favorite) Firstly, it's enchilada. Singular. If you asked me what it was filled with, I couldn't tell you. There wasn't enough substance to figure out if it was cheese or chicken or just a tortilla. I was warned that the spicy sauce was really spicy, and urged to try the mild sauce as well. The "spicy" sauce was nothing more than chile paste, the same shit I get from the grocery store. The mild sauce was okay. But mild sauce + meatless tortilla = crap.  The Fajita: Again, singular. Just one tortilla. The meat was overcooked and all the spices were overshadowed by all the salt.  The rice and beans: The rice was crunchy (undercooked? burnt?). The beans weren't squishy, which is good, but they also had no flavor. And who serves food with bay leaves swimming in it?  And there were at least two hairs in our food. We gave up counting at the same time we gave up eating.  Never. Ever. Again.
So I started this review over a month ago, and I still can't get the Duck Breast Tacos out of my mind.  I don't remember much else at this point, except I got the Lazy Enchiladas and they were great too. But M got the aforementioned tacos, and their tender smoky goodness haunts me.  I need to go back as soon as M gets home.
Myself and 2 friends stopped in recently for the 1st time. They were visiting from San Francisco. We were seated right away and were greeted by a friendly waitress. We ordered Sangria which was made fresh and it was very good. I had the Obama burrito which is basically a medium spicy pork adobada burrito which was perfect for me as at some restaurants they make them over the top spicy. The meat was tender and lean and the sauce was delicious. One friend ordered the Arrachera steak which is a seasoned rib-eye with a chunky guacamole on top. The steak was tender and prepared med rare as my friend requested the guacamole was good. The best entree however was the Blackened Pork Tenderloin. The pork was lean and tender and was served medium, but what really made it was the apple-chile sauce. I will definitely go back for more.
Got done early with an appointment and was driving down Camelback when I spotted Padre's. Modern Mexican. Sounded good for lunch today. I was pretty sure they would not be open until 11 AM so I sat in the lot for 10 minutes and gave them a call and they said "Come on in."  It was cute, dark and cozy inside. I saddled myself at a pub table across from the full size bar. I had myself a refreshing fresh lemonade.  I ordered the pan seared Mahi Mahi tacos with pineapple relish. 3 fully loaded tacos on fresh flour tortillas. Mmm, not disappointed.  Although I was full, I still perused the menu and ordered to go for dinner. I got the Modern Burrito with shredded beef for my hunny and the Salmon Spinach Enchiladas for me. Even though I reheated them for dinner they were full of flavor and very good. Gotta go back and have them fresh and hot. I shall return. Duck Tacos and dessert, perhaps:-)
Been to Padres twice now and I have enjoyed both times. Last time I went I took a colleague from work and we sat at the Bar. They have a really cute bartender who was super nice. My first time there I had the lazy enchilada's and wasn't overly impressed. The sauce was too mild for my liking. My wife had the carne adovada and I was a ready and willing to help her finish what she couldn't eat.   The last time I was there with my work colleague we shared some appetizers: the bacon wrapped scallops and the lobster quesadilla. Both were really stellar. To help wash this down we had some patron margaritas which I found to be very good. I wonder if they make their mix their as it was just right.  We ordered and both of us got burritos. I have to tell you that no matter what your political affiliation I strongly recommend the Obama burrito-yum. I also find their fried ice cream to the best around.  I enjoy the bar area and would recommend this place. If you're looking for hole in the wall sonoran style Mexican food this is not your place. The menu is diverse and borders on eclectic but not as eclectic as Barrio café. Definitely worth a stop, and Padres has been added to my Mexican-Latin rotation. The only improvement would be the chips. If they could make these to order it would be perfect.
At first I was disappointed with Padre's menu.  I usually get tacos, rice, and beans, and they only had soft tacos.  But then I ventured out and got this amazing beef burrito that came with rice and beans.  Really glad I tried it.  I was also pleased to see that they had Sol beer on the menu.  It is my favorite Mexican cerveza, and I usually can't find it in restaurants.
The valet at the Biltmore recomended this place.  There was a live band performing the night we ate there.  We sat outside in the patio area.  We ate late enough that the temperature was comfortable enough to eat outside.  There are some creative dinner options on the menu.  There are the traditional clasics, but there are also some twists.  The chips and salsa were good.  The red salsa was very tasty.  The green was just ok.  I was disappointed with the queso fundido because it came with spinach premixed in.  I had the beef short rib tacos.  The meat had a great sauce on it and was tender.
This place fails on so many levels. First off, $5 cash cover to get past the door only to find yourself wanting to bail in less than 60 seconds. The music was being played at a ridiculous level, tough to hear your self think let alone carry a conversation with members of your dinner party. The service was atrocious and our server wins thumbs down for being the worst in the 602. Our drink orders were delayed and staggered leaving some with empties for far too long and they ran out of Pacifico. Major fail! Our food was lackluster at best. We had the cheese crisp and Carne Asada tacos. The food was cheap and it was evident in the taste and presentation. Paper plates, Seriously?! Was this a restaurant/bar turn cheesy hip-hop club or vice versa. It's difficult to eat a meal and enjoy the company of friends with people crowding all around you. The place lacks flow and swagger in major way. Meh. I've experience better.
The front entrance at Padre's Modern Mexican is really one of the most unique and inviting entrances I've experienced in Phoenix. The use of glass and wood are truly lovely.*   That said, Padre's appeals to the lowest common denominator of the hip hop crowd that patronize this restaurant on Sunday afternoons. With a $5 cover, one would think there would be more of a draw than good music and a periodically tight crowd. Unfortunately, the music is where it begins and ends with Padre's.   Some years ago we ate at Padre's and found the food to be quite good. I don't know what happened in the interim. For a restaurant that is first and foremost a place to get food, and also serves alcohol, to be serving their foodstuff on paper plates is disastrous. Yeah, I understand that you'll be saving a lot of water not having to wash all those plates, but that's something I expected at a bar that serves food as an afterthought--not the other way around. And if a restaurant has a waitstaff, one can reasonably expect an amicable staff with at least an iota of attentiveness towards their clientele. Nope, not here. I do understand that the younger crowd wasn't raised to appreciate waitstaff and probably don't tip, so I kind of understand why you'd rather try to get in some girl's pants than take three consecutive orders. Perhaps you, dear server, are better suited to working in an environment that doesn't require such distractions as doing one's job. And one might mistakenly presume that a restaurant would put its reputation on the line with the food that is served. Not the case at Padre's, whose view of "modern" is fast at the expense of flavor. Don't serve me rancid cheese on a stale tortilla and expect me to not be ticked off. I really don't give a hoot that it only costs $2.95; the cover should help absorb the phenomenal cost of serving edible food. Don't even get me started on a Mexican restaurant running out of Pacifico. Really? That's like any number of bars in the Valley running out of Bud Light. I won't tolerate it there, and I certainly won't accept that here.   The next time I want to hear good hip hop music, feel crowded in my seat and eat sub-par Mexican food, I'll strap on my Walkman, tune it to 98.3, hop on my bike and ride it through the drive through at Taco Bell, because this trip sucked. It sucked!   * One star because my mother taught me if I don't have something nice to say, don't say anything at all. Another star for the good music and company.
I stopped by for happy hour + munchies. The service was impeccable, and atmosphere nice. The food good looking, but a little timid for my spicy tastes. What confused me? The music seemed to alternate between ambient and elevator. Maybe next time I should wait for the DJs to arrive.
Is Padre's a bar that serves food, or is it a restaurant with a bar?  I don't think they've decided yet, but I'd say they're more of a bar.  Most of their footprint seems to be taken by their bar, and even on a weeknight they had what I would consider party music playing.    Padre's does have what they called a "dining room", but it looks like the poor step child of the place.  It's very small with only about 5 tables or so, and the decor is awfully depressing.  Especially compared to the rest of Padre's, which is very lively.  My older dinner guests didn't appreciate the music in the dining room and thought it was too loud (I liked it).  As other reviews have said, the menu is really interesting and the food is awfully good.  I would show up just for their rice and beans alone.  The rice is the best ever!  Of course the bar makes very good drinks too.  The service was pretty good, but I think was distracted by helping in the bar, because there were a couple of glitches.  Go to Padre's if you want to eat in a fun bar atmosphere.  Avoid the "dining room".
Just driving by Camelback with an empty stomach... Mexican's food sure why not??? Padre's...we sat in the patio area... our server was nice... we order the ceviche right away, it was really tasty... after that we had the calamari which were under cook and the fish taco which were not bad but it needed more sauce or maybe a more flavorful sauce, it was a lillte dry :( ....  drinks were good...Happy hour menu looks nice, we might be back...
I don't know how many times I have driven past this place and never noticed it and that seems to be common place for this restaurant. It truly is a jewel staring you right in the face! Everyone I know LOVES Barrio..but the wait is pretty long on a regular basis. This place is just as good if not slightly better and NO wait. Last night I had the Lobster Thermidore Quesadiilas and they were fantastic! I would call the place cozy not cramped. Great date place. Truly a secret that is worth spreading.  P.S. 80s music was playing in the bar and you could hear it in the dining room but it wasn't overwhelming..just background..I noticed people were commenting on the music and their dislike of it. You dont go here to listen to the music..it's not a club after all or a live music venue. It's a bar/restaurant.. the music is inconsequential and should be viewed as the soundtrack to your life being played as you go about your business
So Jason B. and I decided to try Padre's for dinner tonight. It was easy to find, and very comfortable inside. The nicest part, we were the only people in the restaurant for the first part of the evening. The waiter was very helpful and gave us many recommendations. We decided to start with the Queso Fundido, which was very good. It had tons of caramelized onions and spinach, it was well flavored and very filling. I would order it again. I ordered the Cerveza Battered Fish Tacos, which were excellent. The fish was tasty and they had just enough Baja sauce and cabbage. I was not so impressed with the rice and beans; they were ok, but not amazing. I was quite surprised by the prices. I mean $15 for tacos (not the fish) seems like a lot of money, whether they have duck or steak. There wasn't a lot on the menu I would order, just simply because I wouldn't pay the prices they were asking.  Maybe I will have to go back for the happy hour deals, and then I can try the duck or steak.
Friday night armed with our umbrella and Groupon coupon we finally decided to give Padres a try....drive by it all the time but have never stopped in. We had called ahead for a reservation as our coupon suggested but when we got there nobody was in the dining area...yet so we asked if we could sit at the bar instead. We were served by a great bartender with a good smile. She promptly gave us menus and cocktails. We started with the queso dip. It was more like a spinach dip which I liked but my husband is more of a velveeta guy so not quite "cheesy" enough for him. By this time the little place was packed (only 5:45). It appears that they have quite the HH crowd and several HH specials but we were going off the menu. My husband had the tacos and I had the small steak, taco and enchilada plate with beans and rice. It was all very good and neither of us had any complaints. Even though the place was full our bartender was spot on and we never lacked for a drink and she happily boxed up the left overs. (I might add that the left over queso dip was fabulous stuffed inside chicken breasts). We will be back if for no other reason than to work our way throught the extensive taco list which staring... at everybody elses plate made want to snag one when they weren't looking. We will be back and maybe late enough to catch the live music.
Padres you deserve another star! Every time I come in I have a great experience. The manager rocks. Like any restaurant you do not always get everything right, but the manager always takes care of it and makes it worth coming back. He gives personal attention to make sure each visit is memorable. Last time I was in  I ordered the sopa tarasca  black bean soup  with crema fresco and sides of diced tomato, bacon, queso and cilantro (see pics). It was delicious! I also tried the Tostadas de Tinga, the chipotle sauce and chicken combo was amazing.   I love the food, the service and the atmosphere. How could you get any better? Hip hop Sundays, that's how! There is no place I'd rather be than sitting on the patio sipping on a sangria and nodding my head to awesome tracks laid down by Tricky T.
I went here for lunch with my family and I can't say enough about the quality of food and service. Our wait staff was attentive and friendly, the food was fresh and beautifully presented. If the weather is nice, we recommend eating on the patio. I also recommend the ceviche and spinach enchiladas.
Food is pretty good.  Drinks and appetizers are kind of expensive, compared to entrees.  I've had the enchiladas and the pollo relleno, which is creamy and really doesn't take "mexican" to me compared to the entire rest of the menu, but tasty.  In general, this places tries to be fancy gourmet, and sort of succeeds, without the "oh my god" experience you get at truly amazing places.  Service is just okay both times I've gone.  Crowded, but in good way, both times.  I'll keep coming back, but it's never going to be one of my favorite restaurants.
Okay, I was thinking duck tacos but I really wanted a burger. So, I eyed the Kobe burger on the menu. I decided on the burger and would be back for the duck tacos another day.  For a "not too busy" Thursday lunch, the burger took forever. Surprising since I asked for it done medium, I was going to change it to med. rare, oh well.  Smelled delish as it was placed in front of me. I asked for a side of mayo and I started in on the very crispy fries. Pretty good. I put a good smear of mayo on the nice cibatta bun and started in on the burger. Whoa. Hockey puck. Okay, maybe it was the edge. I cut the burger in half and it was well done to the center. Then I thought hey, where is the caramelized onions - none, not even under my Swiss cheese - whatever, I'm hungry.  Okay, it is Kobe, should be tender with all that marbling. Not! I smeared a bunch of mayo and ketchup on the edges of the cut centers of the burger and ate a few bites from each side since that should have been the least done areas. That was all I could muster. I was getting heart burn from how done and dry the meat was. What a disappointment for almost $11! Was Kobe the cook or the type of beef?  I hope this is not a reflection of the quality of the food in 2010. I better stick to the Mexican style food next time.
Yum. I wish I had learned of this place sooner everything we ordered was delicious. The raspberry margarita was so good and refreshing. Also I tried the lemon and fresh blueberry vodka drink, it was so good. The bartender has a heavy hand and he should for a $7-9 drink. I really was in the mood for a frozen strawberry margarita  but THEY DONT HAVE A BLENDER IN THE HOUSE.  Ah What? A mexican food restaurant that does not make a frozen margarita, hum! Whatever.    So when we were seated we had a problem with the waiter right away. We were his only table and right when we were seated he came up to us, this is cool, then he asked for our drink order I had just picked up the drink menu and before I could look at it he wanted my order I asked for a frozen mararita and that is a no go, so then I say let me look at the drink list and he tells me he will be back he is going to get my dates drink and take my order when he brings hers. Um, FU Man, well i thought this was rude. He could have made a seggestion or even took a min he had no other tables. Whatever i delt with it. Then he comes back I give him my drink order and he askes if we wanted an app. We asked him to give us a min and come back and he says ok well how about some chips and guac to munch on while you look at the menu. Sure we say and as he walks away Iook at the menu and the chips are $9. Chips and guac, for $9 I could get three mini tostadas with chicken. Ah I will pass on the $9 chips. This guy was not helpful with the menu and I hate it when you ask what is good or what is your favorite or mabey the most ordered dish and all they say is everything is good not sure what the best is. This guy blows and he should not be a server, at all. Not friendly and just a frekin douce bag! He did not care about nothing this guy. I almost asked for another waiter cause he just seemed to be trying to rush us. Well because of how he was we decided to not get an app and just get dinner.   Well we ordered the Steak Fajitas and the Pollo Relleno. The steak was so good and tender, it melted in my mouth. Peppers and onions were delicious and they have the best rice and beans.  The flower tortillas were heated on the flat top and crisped up and chared a little, yum. The Pollo Relleno is the house signature dish! chicken breast stuffed with poblano chiles, caramelized onion, corn and goat cheese finished with poblano cream sauce. paired with guajillo mashed potatoes, and vegetables. I will be back for this for sure. Its so good. The mash were a little dry but good flavor. The chicken was moist and had tons of flavor. I was hoping it was going to be a little bit spicy but it really did not matter cause the flavor was there. So many good things on the menu and I will be back for sure. I absolutly will refuse having that server again. This place is great, awsome little patio and the inside is nice to. No booths but nice and clean look inside with art hanging next to every table. My opinion its way better than Barrio, cause there the only thing I liked was the pork, and I tried 4 different dishes there, plus I felt like I was eating in a alley or something. So for now I will give this place 3 stars, -1 cause of the service, but I will be back to do a follow up. On the way out the owner stopped me and asked me how everything was. He stood outside and talked to me for about five min. I told him I loved the food and will be bringing the folks back to try. Also told him we were very unhappy with the waiter and he said he agreed with it sound like he was rushing us and not very informative. He said if there is ever a problem like that again to ask for him and he will take care of us.
Went back a few ago and it was awesome. try the chicken nachos. Never really enthralled with chicken on my nachos but our waitress talked it up and I'm glad we got them..also a great deal during happy hour.  Still serving some awesome margs. I stick with the Obama burrito and my wife loves the lobster quesi we never really vary out that zone.
Went to Padres last night with my best gal pal for the umpteenth time, and as usual, I was incredibly pleased.  We sat in the far back room off the patio and it was so lovely. There was a light breeze flowing in that was just as refreshing as my mojito. Ahhhhhh Mojitos. That thing kicked me on my ass!  As usual, we started with the guacamole, and as usual, it was incredibly tasty. The chips were fresh and the two accompanying salsas were delish.  I usually get the enchiladas, but since I am now vegan, that is out of the question. I opted for the three tostadas, and it was a great choice. Crunchy corn shell, fresh veggies, and really tasty black beans made a great base for the vat of the tomatillo sauce I poured on. Man I love that sauce.  Our service was incredibly friendly, like always, and even when the kitchen made a mistake it was correctly quickly and correctly.  Padres is one of those places I always forget how much I love until I go back, and upon my arrival, our romance ensues for another magical evening, and as I leave, I whisper gently,  "I'll call you Padres, I'll call you."
Finally got a chance to check this place out. For you people like me that like saving money, go to google and type in Padre's Phoenix Coupon. Valpak has a buy one get one free entree, no max. Umm super cool? Great decor in the restaurant, nice patio. I started with a mojito, which was perfect!!!! Wifey had a margarita, which she also enjoyed. Today was Saturday, Tequila tasting night. We each got to taste three tequilas that were very good. We started with the guacamole and chips. I liked it, but wifamus doesn' t like tomatoes in her guac. If you don't either, they'd prob make it without? I went for the ribeye steak, and wifey had the salmon and spinach enchiladas. Her enchiladas were suuuper great. I ordered my steak mid rare, and it came out well. I had to send it back so sad to say I didn't get to eat until she was done. My meal was good, but it's hard to enjoy when everybody else is done. They were quick to fix my meal, I'll def be back. They'll prob get 5 stars from me next time, I really dig this spot.
Came here last night after quickly convincing the hubby we should eat out and not stay in. We have heard lots of good things about this place and I am pleased to say it is as good as people say. We were seated on the patio (a good option for a rowdy 3 year old) and were promptly given water. I ordered the Tres Amigos margarita special of the night ($7) and liked it. Next time, I'll have to try the rasberry ($8) or pomegranate margarita ($9). Hubby got the mojito and it was decent. They were also doing free tequila tastings of Tres Amigos Blanco, Anejo and I can't remember the third. I really enjoyed that as anytime I am typically having tequila, I am not exactly concerned with the tastings differences in each blend. So, I learned something new this time. Very cool. The menu looks really great and I look forward to trying new dishes here. I had the salmon and spinach enchiladas that came with rice and vegetables. The rice was moist and delicious and reminded me a lot of the rice I grew up eating with Puerto-Rican dishes. The veggies were my favorites: red onions, and green and yellow squash. The enchiladas were pretty good but I would probably not order them again. I am more of a traditional enchilada type of girl and as much as I love salmon, I guess I don't prefer it in my enchiladas. But that is no fault to Padres as the dish was very good. My husband ordered their steak and unfortunately, his medium rare steak came out well done. They fixed it but hubby was very annoyed that I was pretty much finished with my plate when his remake came out. The server was great even though he forgot my daughter's drink and ordered her a cheese quesadilla appetizer and not the kids cheese quesadilla. But other than that, he consistently checked on us, was knowledgeable and enthusiastic on the menu and told us we should come back for salsa nights. On Friday and Sat nights, they do salsa dancing and bring in a band. I can't wait to go for that with some girlfriends. Fri it is 8:30-11:30pm and Sat it is 8-11pm.
Padre's Modern Mexican is a new favorite of mine.  A waiter name Chico took great care of us and made good suggestions for menu items.  I ordered the Padre Margarita ($6).  It was served in a unique goblet.  Very nice.  My partner and I ordered the ceviche to start.  Cha Ching!!! It's a winner!  Delicious.  We ordered sopa (soup for you gringos).  It was a black bean soup.  The soup had a drizzle of cream and side fixings that consisted of cheese, cilantro, and onions.  The soup was very good and the side fixings made it fun and interesting.  Chico mentioned it twice that the Obama burrito was his favorite, so he sold me on it.  You go Chico!!!  You can choose from red or green sauce.  I chose the red and it had great flavor.  The rice and beans that came with it were awesome.  Happy Hour is Monday through Friday 3 - 6:30 for you festive peeps.  Padre's has a cute little patio but it was a little to hot.  Their website says Dining and Dancing.   Friday Night Salsa!!!  Fun.  I will be back for that.  Yay for Padre's.
Having been here multiple times, we are not quite sure why we haven't written a review yet.      This is becoming a trusted standy by when we want a tasty meal,to be  taken care of by great people, served solid drinks, and enjoy a great atmosphere.    I think they have the best house margarita around and the El Padre is another favorite of mine.      Don't think we have had the same meal twice since we started going.  Have enjoyed ever dish we have tried.  I had the fish tacos( perfectly done) and the mrs. enjoyed the shrimp fajitas on our last visit.  Try the Clams Corona...very tasty.  The short ribs are awesome also.     All the normal Mexican fare is here, but so much tastier ( Tia's Enchiladas &modern burrito).    Seems like it is pretty busy most of the time, but we seem to find a spot in the bar somewhere...that is the best place anyways!
I went for pre-Thanksgiving dinner.  They had a special menu with a tamale, carne asada, and an enchilada with rice and beans for $9.95.  Also sangria's were only $4.  WOW the food was delicious I wish they had this on the menu every night I'd even pay more for it.  The sangria was ok but the food was definitely a hit. The menu looked pretty good so I'll probably come back.
Great place and great happy hour.    Padre magarita for $4.00 on Tuesdays comes with Sauza Gold and you don't have to be in the bar area for this one.  Food ordered:  Cuban Pork Sandwich, it was very tender, so very flavorful, a lot of food, but we wished there was more even after we were full. We also shared the Obama Burrito with green and red sauce, it was fantastic, screaming full of flavors. Shreaded pork, peppers, cheese, tons of balanced spice.  I wish the chips and salsa were complimentary. Just something you tend to get used to in places now a days.  $2.00 isn't too bad though.
Margaret was Damn good, arrachera ribeye was beyond delicious, gf had the outstanding pollo ranchera. Ask for Chico's section. He will take care of you and will suggest and compliment your needs. I will be going back ASAP. Good job Padre's. Cheers.
Don't really know what to say on this one. The food was good, but I don't feel inspired to go back.   Started with queso  funded. Spinach, cheese, and spices. Quite tasty. Also came with two small ramekins of salsa. Red salsa was nondescript, green was yummy.   Entrees were chicken relleno. Presented well with lots of sauce. Good, but not great. Carne adavado (sp?). The menu said spicy pork, but it was mild at best. Los Dos Molinos is a better choice for this dish.  Overall, nothing was great, but nothing was bad either. Just sort of in the middle.
So we went back again last night to eat some good Mexican food and listen to live music. What a nice meal we had, let me say. I had a few mojitos, wifey had a margarita and the food...well the food was just awesome.   We started out with the clams corona. They were pretty good, that's a recipe I"m sooo stealing. They steamed the clams in corona, garlic and pico de gallo. They were served with crusty bread topped with jalapeno cilantro pesto, yummmm.  I tried to get the short rib tacos, but sadly they were out of teh short ribs. I opted for the duck breast tacos, cooked rare. My tacos were good, but they put too much of the juice from the pico on there so the tortialls ended up being soggy. No biggie, I used wifey's extra tortilla that she had with her combo platter.   Her combo platter had a beef taco, cheese enchilada, rice, beans and a nice size piece of the best flavored most tender skirt steak I've ever had in my entire life. No joke, I was literally thinking about that carne asada the entire night!  (insert comical "he's dreaming about meat" joke here)  Overall, what a great meal and dining experience. Two thumbs up and two shots of tequila for the gang at Padres..
Great mexican food!  I had Tia's enchiladas and my partner had the braised pork.  Both were delicious.  The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because the guac was just okay.  We were both incredibly pleased with our choice.
It had been at least a year, possibly closer to two, since my last visit to Padre's and I was worried that rumors of a new chef and changes in the kitchen may have made my earlier comments null and void.  I am pleased to announce that I had the carne adovada again today and it was just as tender as I remembered it. In fact, I stand behind my original review 100% -- the chile could be a little spicier, but the meat is perfectly marinated and fork tender! Delish!
Went here for lunch today. I've been driving past this place for a few years now, so was looking forward to finally trying it. It was good, nothing to write home about though. We had the lunch specials - I had the chicken enchilada with green sauce and rice and beans, my friend had the chicken tacos. Extremely small portions, wow. For $6 a meal, which ok is affordable, and true it's just "lunch portions", I still was expecting more. The enchilada was the size of a tortilla roll-up, like really really small. The tacos were also three tiny lil guys, like maybe only 3 inches long. The taste was just alright too - I mean it was good, but again nothing that's going to make me go back again.   The service was good, the server was attentive and our drinks kept getting refilled.  So yea...good, but nothing spectacular. Maybe dinner is better.
This place was awesome! My friend took me here for my surprise birthday dinner. I always drive past and have been wanting to try it out but just hadn't gotten around to it. The margaritas are refreshing, and I had the pollo relleno which was absolutely heavenly! I am so happy she chose this spot. The reason it has 4 stars instead of 5 is because the server was a little distracted and missed out on a few key items, but he was friendly and courteous when he was around and other than the occasional lapse in service, we really enjoyed his personality, suggestions and general joie de vivre.
My first time here was actually kind of ironic. We went there last night to see a band, Mason, and thought we'd grab dinner before hand since it is a Mexican restaurant. I've been on this carne asada taco kick lately, disappointedly making my way around central Phoenix looking for some good ones. I had no idea I'd find them at Padre's. What a surprise.  The place was jammed packed, literally, and I couldn't see any tacos in my future when we first got there. We ended up scooting in on a table with friends and the wait staff happily served us. I think they gave up on the whole wait for a table protocol. Everyone was there to see the band. Anyway, my tacos came right away and they were great. We had both the carne asada and the shrimp tacos. Yum!  I can't wait to go back to this place when it's not jammed packed to try out the rest of menu. I see a Taco Tuesday in my future.
Great service, super fast and friendly!  The food didnt stand out as spectacular, but over all it was a good experience. I used a restaurant.com coupon and the server was cool and friendly about it.
I've been coming here for over 6 years. First as single dude, then with my future wife and now with my kids (much less often). The bar is great, latin nights can get crazy and the food is really  good. If you're coming for food, come a little early. If you're coming for late night, it's loud and packed (and really fun). I highly recommend this joint over your usual Mexican fare.
My man and I went to Padre's for dins and I had a groupon. I showed it to the guy who seated us who I assumed to be the manager(?) and he made a comment that sounded to the two of us like "great (not thrilled), another groupon(smirk)". This started us discussing why they would even offer a groupon if they weren't thrilled about people using them!?!?  Whatevs- Chico was our server and I really liked him. We ordered chips and salsa and a lobster quesadilla to start since I had $50 to spend! CnS? Fine, not amazing, not bad. Lobster 'dilla- weird. I didn't really like the mango-lobster combo and I found a couple pieces of shell which felt really great on my chompers. For dinner I had the stuffed chicken "house specialty" and JD got the salmon spinach enchilada's. Mine was good, not great and a little bit tough but nothing like JD's. I am a salmon lover through and through but once that enchilada entered my mouth I wanted it out ASAP. Blech! Boo! Yick! I actually wiped my tongue with my napkin (so ladylike, i know). It  really was repulsive. He ate most of it though, but didn't feel so good later. I don't think it was spoiled or anything- just REALLLY fishy in a bad bad way.  So a couple of things left a bad tasted in my mouth (literally and figuratively). But I can't say enough good things about Chico. He made the experience good just by being a nice guy and a stealth server.  The jury is out on whether I'd go back. I'm always in that area but not much impressed me food-wise. Might be fun to drink and hang out though.
Get the Killer Tacos! 5 stars. Enough said.
I have to admit I didn't think I was going to get an as good meal as we did. We ended up going because we got a restaurant.com gift certificate and thought we'd try a new place.  We've always passed it on Camelback and many time went to Oreganos next door, but never stopped.  I am glad we went last week.  The menu is good sized and the prices were reasonable.  We got the chicken stuffed with peppers and cheese and the Salmon and Spinach enchiladas.  Both entrees were excellent.  I was especially surprised by the enchiladas....you don't usually see salmon and spinach in an enchilada...and executed very well.   We got the guacamole and lobster quesadilla for an app.  The quesadilla was "ok", but the guacamole was very good.  The atmosphere is nice and cozy.  The bar and patio areas are where you will want to site...they have a more authentic feel and the vibe is great.  The dinning room is so-so.  The service was superior and our waiter was way cool and made great recommendations.  He was attentive and knowledgable about the food. He was a rock star in terms of service.  Overall, I would say give this place a spin....it was a great meal.  Why we never stopped there before, I'll never know....
I was there when this place first opened!   For my own selfish reasons I enjoyed the first few months when there weren't crowds, lol! Still, even now, after everyone found out how delicious it is & started living there, it's high on my list of best places for happy hour & dinner.   I can't get enough of their guacamole & my favorite main dish is definitely the Tia's Enchiladas with green tomatillo sauce,,,,,, mouth watering!
Best Margaritas I've ever had..............that's all I remember!
This could be my new nouveau mexican in this city. I went last night for my 1st time and was absolutely blown away.  Started out with the basic chips and guacamole. I think it may have been the best guacamole I have ever had.. Delicious !!  For my main course I had the POLLO RELLENO ( from menu: The house signature dish! chicken breast stuffed with poblano chiles, caramelized onion, corn and goat cheese finished with poblano cream sauce. paired with guajillo mashed potatoes, and vegetables)  IT WAS OUT OF THIS WORLD...  The chicken was cooked perfectly and the poblano cream sauce complimented everything on the plate. The veggies and potatoes were amazing too.  The crowd was mixed and there was a huge wedding party on the patio making it very lively.  the owner came over to the table a few times, and the waiter was top notch..  I will return and already know what I am gonna have !
My friend just raved about the food so I was very excited to give this a try. A group of five of us stopped by for dinner before First Friday Art Walk this month. The place was busy so there was a bit of a wait, just about 15minutes or so, not bad. We were seated and placed our drink orders. Our waitress was great. Very friendly and prompt.  It took FOREVER to get our food. So long that one member of our party had to leave as soon as it came.  This was (seemingly at least) in no fault of our server however. She did check in on us frequently and let us know that it was coming, there was just a large party ahead of us. We got our good and it was delicious. I had the Salmon Spinach Enchiladas. It was wonderful very tasty. The chipotle cream sauce drizzled on top was soooo good! I tasted my friend's Chicken Relleno, also very tasty, however hers was a bit on the dry side. She has had it before and said it was not usually as dry. The only other issue I had with the food is that it wasn't hot It wasn't cold by any means, I just got the sense that it was left out for a while. I would give this 3 and a half stars, but with as flavorful as the food was and how excited my friend was to come here I rounded up. I will definitely be back soon and am expecting to be able to give it a higher score next time.
Today I met a friend at Padre's for lunch. First off, I have to give a shout out to those working the patio today. Wow - exceptional customer service. Several people came by our table including the owner to refill drinks and check on us. They were smiley and personable. We started with salsa and chips. Growing up in NM, all restaurants serve chips and salsa at no cost. It is always hard for me to break open the wallet for this however today I arrived early and I was really hungry. The mild and medium salsas were bland however the spicy salsa hit the spot. Some ladies to the side of us ordered the queso with chorizo. I was quite jealous as I heard them oohing and ahhing over the appetizer. I ordered the fish tacos and my friend had the chicken tacos. Both were yummy and reasonably priced. Off their special lunch menu, beans and rice are extra. Again, I am not used to having to pay extra for these. On the plus side they were very good. It's been a few years since I went visited this place and I'm pretty sure I'll be going back sooner than later. Especially to sit on the nice patio outside during the cool Phoenix months.
I hope you enjoy this restaurant as much as I did!  I've had Mexican Food in the best restaurants in Mexico City, & hands down Padre's lives up to it's reputation of being one of the best Mexican restaurants in Phoenix. The food is spicy but not so hot that you have to drink gallons of libations just to put the fire out... Although every one boasts about their Margaritas, I tried out the Sangria, it was so good that I had ordered a second...  I will definitely go back!
Just as expected, 5 stars this time. I came here with three other friends on New Years Day and we were seated promptly. The entire staff, from the manager, to host, to bartenders were extremely friendly and welcoming. Our server was exceptionally great, offered a variety of recommended items and explained the new items on the menu. We started out with margaritas and chips with guacamole; a delicious way to start a meal might I add. At Chico's request, I had the West Coast Burrito. Now I mean this in the most positive way possible, but I think whomever it was that came up with this concoction must have been high at the time. It was a tortilla stuffed with amazingness. Shrimp, carne asada, avocado, chipotle sauce, FRENCH FRIES.... It was sssoooo good. Everything went together perfectly. I might go back later today to order it again today!
Come hungry.  The plates are big and full of tasty goodness.  I like to share with friends if possible.  The food is spicy but not so spicy that I find it overwhelming.  Most items comes drizzled with a bit of crema which makes me happy.  They have items like duck enchiladas which you won't find just anywhere.   Plus their drinks are top notch without being too sweet.
I've been to Padre's several times with local friends and have always enjoyed the food and atmosphere.  This time my table mates included my brother and sister-in-law who were visiting from the east coast.  And who do they always count on for recommending awesome places to eat while in town?  Yup...me.  The pressure was on.  From the opening appetizers of guacamole, salsa, chips, and margaritas to our main dishes, the food was great.  The staff was extremely friendly, including our waiter Chico who kept us laughing.  I am normally a Salmon Spinach Enchiladas guy but decided to go out of my comfort zone with the West Coast Burrito.  Strange combination but it really works well together.  And what did my out-of-town guests think about Padre's?  Loved it.
Went with the Groupon, but with low expectations. I've learned that most Mexican restaurants in Phoenix are underwhelming, and that if I want good Mexican, I must head further south.    We arrived and got chips and salsa. It came with 3 homemade sauces, all better than the next one.  We couldn't pick our favorite. For dinner, I had the carne adobada. It's the pork, with rice and beans, and some lettuce and tomato, all served over a giant tortilla.  It was out of this world. Some of the best adobada I've ever had. The GF had duck tacos. They were really good as well. She loved them, as well as the rice and beans with them.    Margaritas were also very good. Padres' made themselves 2 fans, and we'll be definitely going back.  Finally a great Mexican restaurant is found in Phoenix!  FYI: they have a much simpler happy hour and lunch menus.  Also, we went on Saturday, and they had a decent salsa band playing, so if you want some salsa music with your meal, go on Saturday night!
I have never been here before until a few days ago.  I came here based on a really good Groupon offer and it had pretty good ratings on Yelp.  I knew it was a hole in the wall, but I was surprised by the location.  The restaurant looks awfully small from the outside, but it has a very "modern" and neoclassical look on the inside.  On the outside, I would not take a date here, but on the inside I would!  I went with a friend and we decided we wanted to make the most out of our Groupon, so we got cerviche as an appetizer.  I love the tangy and lime taste from cerviche, and this dish did not disappoint.  I was looking at the menu, and chips and salsa is $2.  I think that is the only negative, but cerviche and chips was good enough for me.  We got chicken burritos with red and green sauce on the side.  It was absolutely delicious.  A major winner for me was the usage of clean white chicken.    The service staff was incredibly friendly and helpful during our visit.  I will definitely make another trip out here in the near future.
Met a friend here for happy hour after work on a Thursday.  We sat at the bar and ordered nearly everything off the happy hour menu: Pork sliders, pork tacos, Mexican street tacos and Nachos. Rum Punch for me and G&T for him.  Later added a Cornoa and another G&T. Even later, added a coffee w/Baileys and the apple something rather dessert.   I'd go back five times a day every single day for the pork sliders - holy cow yum!  Food was fresh & colorful which is always a bonus on top of just being delicious.   Service was super fun & friendly. Didn't venture out of the bar, but the atmosphere was great.    Will hit Padre's again soon, for sure.
Like many other reviewers, we tried Padre's because of a Groupon.   Wait staff was competent, and our drinks stayed mostly full.  We had the calamari as an appetizer: very overpriced at $10.95, I liked the flavor (its got a little chili mixed in with the breading). I like one of the three dipping sauces, and my wife liked a different one. When the waitress asked if we liked it, my wife indicated it was greasy and chewy. She apologized, but not really convincingly.  For entrees, I had the garlic shrimp tacos and my wife had the "Tia's Enchiladas" with spinach and cheese. My tacos were 3 small tacos with a decent amount of shrimp, cilantro, lettuce, and a pineapple salsa. They weren't bad, but were not very garlicy. My wife's enchiladas were good, nothing special. The ever-present sides of refried beans were typical of the variety, and the rice was well done with good flavor. Contrary to some other reviews, I would have called the plate sizes ordinary and not "huge".  For desert, my wife and I were going to split the banana epanadas with brandy caramel, but asked for it to be served without the brandy, as my wife has a severe alcohol allergy. The server checked with the manager and said they could do it, but that the caramel would lose a lot of its flavor without the brandy, and said it all burned off in the cooking. Well, from experience, my wife and I know it isn't true (see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_common_misconceptions#Food_and_cooking), so we asked for it anyway.  Then the server went to place the order and the cooks said the brandy was pre-mixed with the caramel. We cancelled the desert order. It was a bit frustrating that the manager didn't know how the dishes were prepped in the kitchen.   Overall, it was typical mexican food with a "modern" take (apparently if you put pineapple salsa on shrimp tacos and a fancy swirl of sauce on the enchiladas its "modern") -- personally, there are much better Mexican restaurants in town.
My favorite Mexican restaurant. It's NOT the kind that serves the slop bucket side of rice & refried pinto beans with 1lb of melted 3 cheese blend on it. My parents were visiting AZ and went here twice in 1 week.
The only reason I give this place a 3 star is cause our waiter was awesome. It was near closing time but he still served us & gave us his recommendations on the menu as if he had all the time in the world. The food wasn't as great as the menu and the other reviews made it sound.
One of my New favorite places. Went on a Saturday very loud with live music but good. The food was great The chicken burrito I had was amazing I loved the extreame taste of lime I got from the chicken.  Tried to go back the following Saturday and the wait was almost an hour & their parking lot was paked. So if you plan to go on a Saturday night it may be best to have reservations.
After driving by this place about a million times I finally remembered it when the old "Where shall we go to eat" question came up and I am now definitely a fan. I asked the server (Chico - he was great and seemed to really love working there) about his recommendations and tried the Salmon Spinach Enchilada which will be difficult to move on from when I go back. It was absolutely amazing and I tried my hardest to finish my plate. Only reason I did not give this place five stars is that the ambiance in the back room was a bit lacking. It was more cafeteria-styled and just not very warm and inviting. Regardless, I know that I will be back and definitely introduce this place to out of town guests!
There is so many mexican restaurants in town. But, this is far and above one of the better ones. This is not cheap rice and beans and melted cheese every where!  They take great fresh meats and ingredients and make a wonderful product. The pulled pork here is to die for. I have eaten here several times and it keeps getting better.   The service is top notch.   HINT: They have one of the best happy hours in town!
Pollo Relleno.. so amazing! (The plate is enough for two so bring a friend or come hungry (and thirsty ;) The plate came as: chicken breast stuffed with poblano chiles, caramelized onion, corn and goat cheese finished with poblano cream sauce. Delicious!!  Don't forget to try their calamari! Friday evenings, live music and great fun.
Enjoyed my first visit to Padre's during lunch this afternoon. Seems like it would be a great happy hour spot since the bar is pretty cool. Overall the place is pretty small and not much going on, but they serve great food. The staff was great, good suggestions and personality from both the waiter and waitress that helped us. I ordered a beef burrito with red sauce -- perfect amount of kick. Like most Mexican places, the lunch portions were too big. I couldn't come close to finishing and really needed a recliner after. I'll definitely go back when I'm downtown...
My third time here, but the first as a Yelper.  Buddy and I hit PMM up for lunch, with a restaurant.com gift cert offering $25 off, minimum purchase of $35 required.  He had the "Combo Plate" which came with a nice chunk of real steak, a crispy ground beef taco, a cheese enchilada, beans, and rice.  He enjoyed it all.  Nice portion and all of it tasted good.  I had the Rib-eye soft tacos.  They were top notch.  The beef was obviously grilled and had some charred flavor to it.    Salsa, with a green and a red, and chips, light and crispy, were excellent.  I like this place.  Priced a little higher than most, but so is the taste.
We went here the Saturday night after seeing the Fabulous Amy perform her stand up routine at Doc's Place. As soon ad we walked in at 10 until we left around 11 we were surrounded by friends, be it the staff or patrons of the bar itself. Everyone danced while the band played until close. We even got to see the owner take a dance with a tiny little old lady. To be honest, I don't have a pallet for Mexican food, until that fateful Saturday night. The food was SO GOOD. Especially the Cilantro Mousse chip dip. I will be returning soon to enjoy all that is Padre's: food, music, drinks and fun.
$2 tacos is always the best way to get me to try your food!!! Fantastic idea....if only the service, food and prices were as fantastic.  We were a party of 8; but only two of us arrived early. So we sampled the avocado mousse before everyone got there. It was different, creamy and a little cilantro maybe, but something was not right so we ordered the Guacamole that is Hecho en Mexico. It was worse! Mushy frozen avocados with pico de gallo mixed in. The salsa verde was delicious though! The red salsa was just ok. Tasted fresh out of a jar but absolutely loved the chips!   The food was priced much too high for the quality and service. They lack consistency; my first fish taco was served with 4 tiny pieces of fish, and then my second was served with at least 4 times that amount. The fideo was delicious, but the cheese in it was a little too much. I will definitely have to give this place another try, but ouch $12 for enchiladas? Even with the fusion of mexican food I'm having trouble seeing myself there for any other day than $2 tacos day. Especially when the server argues about the bill (even after i asked her to keep my tab separate due to ATM card only). On a much worse note: she tried to leave the charges for 4 bills that had already been paid on our receipt; and balked when we asked for an updated bill. TOO FUNNY.
Padres is a hidden gem in my opinion. Its a tiny spot that comes off like a hole in the wall mexican place. If it weren't for the large neon signs at night one could easily miss this place! We sat outside in the patio and enjoyed the breezy atmosphere. It felt like we weren't in Phoenix anymore! We got there for happy  hour and tried their house margaritas. For $3.50 they were quite delicious! My gf also liked the house mojito. We started with some chips and guacamole.  The guacamole was very good, nothing unique, but still tasted freshly made.The waiter was very helpful in describing the house specialties and his favorite dishes. I liked that the menu had a modern twist to all the basics. We ordered off the happy hour menu and split the fish tacos and the chicken pesto pizza on a crispy tortilla. The tacos were excellent but my favorite was the pizza! This thing was loaded and easily could have fed two people alone! I will definitely be back with friends for happy hour!
We dropped in for dinner; excellent service.  The mojito was also very good - left me wanting another!     BUT DH didn't enjoy his Kobe burger - the ciabatta bun was too dense to enjoy the tender beef...   They don't yet have a kids' menu, and the burrito we "special ordered" for our son didn't live up to expectations - we asked for guacamole and sour cream (among other things) and it contained neither.  Bah!  Also, I'm told there was an "inappropriate" picture in the men's room, if you're planning to take your kids to the toilet.   Overall a disappointing visit - almost entirely due to problems w/ the food.  Not good if you're in the business of feeding people!
OMG! Just tried this restaurant for the first time. Tuesdays are $2 tacos. I tried the fish tacos and they were definitely the BEST in the Valley!  I also asked for a "cup" of Fideo Soup. When they brought it to me I corrected them that I had requested a "cup." The waiter replied, "This IS our "cup!' It was a BOWL!  When I tasted it, tears came to my eyes as it tasted just like my Mom made it . Being Hispanic and eating true Mexican food is a joy where you want to return over and over again.   Rossana G.  P.S. The mojitos were wonderful! YUMMY!
I went a few nights ago with friends and we had really good food and our waitress was excellent! There was a live band playing music and people dancing inside. We sat outside on the patio so that we could have a conversation. The music was a little loud. I will be back!!
Totally yummy!! Awesome service, great drinks and the food was perfect. 3rd night in Phoenix and we hit a winner!  Chips served with this wonderful cilantro type spread started then we shared the duck tacos and short rib tacos.  I think I liked the short ribs the best.  The service was so nice, vibe was good and the food was very tasty.  Not sure when we'll get down to Phoenix again but if we do, I'm definitely going back!
Chico DE mayo you are a rock star!!!! Great service, great drinks, great food. Thanks for taking the time to explain the menu and entertain us. Thanks to the Biltmore for the referral. Our party of 5 had an awesome meal and time. This is not your every day on every block Mexican food !!Whenever I come back from Montana I will be bringing my friends to Padre's
Padres is by far the best place for margaritas, guacamole and atmosphere. I haven't tried anything on the menu I don't like. The staff here is amazing as well. They are so friendly and helpful. They remember what I like to eat/drink but always recommend other great options. If you don't already try this place once your crazy!
This place was a mixed bag. I went here for my brother's going away party last night. The restaurant itself is nothing too nice looking, just kind of a standard restaurant. I didn't like that they charge for chips and salsa, and that they only brought out one bowl of chips and one little plate with three salsas on it, when we had a party of about 10.... kind of stingy. The salsas were good, though, especially the tomatillo salsa. My brothers got the ceviche and said it was good, I tried it and was not a fan, but I'm not a fan of ceviches in general so I can't really evaluate it. I ordered the pollo relleno. This was really tasty. It was a chicken breast stuffed with goat cheese, corn, and peppers. It had a good green sauce too. The mashed potatoes it came with were weird tasting and the veggies were nothing special. I also tried my dad's steak with chimichuri sauce... it was ok, but nothing special and I would not order that. I tried the carne adobada and didn't think that was so great... it tasted alright, but the sauce was not so great. I also tried the west coast burrito. (I tried a bunch... big family, you know?) The burrito was pretty good. I would come back for the salsa verde and the pollo relleno, especially if they offer another groupon. I think the place can be very good, if you order the right thing.
WAY overrated.  Very bland food. Will not return.  I guess I'll just have to take my parochial taste buds back to my home town, Hermosillo, Mexico, and see if I can educate myself on real Mexican food.    I was sure I wouldn't return but now I'm sure I'll spread the word that this place is owned by disrespectful, and tactless individuals.    The service was perfect, just work on the seasoning.
Great food! As someone who is Mexican and has experienced good authentic Mexican food, this place was great, try their house special, the stuffed chicken breast. Only complaint, a but pricey, most  dishes over $9.
This place is over priced and the service is horrible. I went there with my feiends and the server was very rude and degrading!
The food is just what the name implies - excellent mexican with a modern flare.  The place doesn't inspire confidence upon arrival... tight parking, more of a bar appearance than a restaurant.  The menu's don't look like much either and when we say that they charge for chips and salsa we almost left.  We were glad we didn't.  Their barteneder makes great drinks, the appitizers were excellent, my wife had chicken taco's that were "fine" (can't really do much with chicken tacos imo), I had the "Obama Burrito".  I hate the name but it was superb - pork with just the right combination of spice and sweetness... really excellent.  The food, combined with service that was far above par makes this a must return.
tried this place due to a restaurant.com gift certificate, 4 stars for service, we had an awesome and attentive server which made it great for first visit. drinks were good. went with friends and did some sharing to try the different dishes we ordered. the salmon quesadillas was on the fishy side, the pollo relleno good but a little dry and didnt get the poblano and goat cheese flavors that drew me to choosing the dish, the cilantro mousse sounded more interesting on the menu but was cream cheese and cilantro, the Obama burrito was the winner on our table though. great salsa. would come back and try other dishes and tae in some live music.
Ever since I moved to AZ all I want to eat is Taco's. It took 5 months for me to wander a little down to the street to find out what Padre's was all about but I'm glad I did. They've been open for 7 years, and in that industry, that says A LOT.   The happy menu is awesome. Usually happy hour menus have 5 things you don't like and 1 you're ok with. This one, I could choose from many things, but was very happy to see fish and carne asada street tacos on the list, as well as mojitos and margeritas. The bf and I got fish and carne asada tacos and some drinks and they were tasty, the price was right, the service was friendly. I'm definitely going here more often for HH.
I've had this groupon for Padre's that had been burning a hole in my pocket for a long time! Finally as it neared expiration date I ventured into Phoenix to try it out. It's a cute little restaurant with a really cool red door!  FYI - there's a check-in deal here! $.01 margarita! Mmhmm you saw that right! Certainly not the best I have had by any means but you can't really go wrong for that price right?  After ordering our drinks we decided to splurge on an appetizer so we started out with the Queso Fundido. I was so excited about it because hey it should be all about the cheese and as a Wisconsin boy, I'm all about it! Unfortunately it was more about the spinach and not so much about the queso - it tasted really good, just missing a lot of the main ingredient in my opinion...  He ordered the Mexico City Fajitas! Really well cooked chicken, with the right amount of everything! Super good! I ordered the Pollo Rellano. The chicken (as in the previous dish) was really well cooked but was lacking on the stuffed part. So it was good - just nothing wow worthy. My dish came with side of guajillo mashed potatoes - which look like a pile of mashed sweet potatoes - I personally wasn't a huge fan of the taste but as usual I'll finish my plate anyway :)  The service was pretty good, it was just a very laid back environment, which I wasn't really expecting for some reason.  I'm not dying to go back by any means but if someone wanted to try it out I would go again!
I ate at Padre's for the first time last night and it was a wonderful surprise.  Although I was born and raised in Phoenix I'm not always a huge fan of Mexican food unless I'm really in the mood:  it can be so heavy and lack variety that it just doesn't always sound good.  Padre's really is different in that regard.  Even if you prefer healthy, "green" kinds of meals you'll do very well here.  Notable were the salmon spinach enchiladas, the chile verde soup, the Sedona salad (which won over a friend who "doesn't like" Mexican food) and the special plate of shrimp in tequila butter lime sauce.  These were all eaten either by me or my companions and well-loved.  Also notable were the Happy Hour margaritas which were still made with Sauza Gold (not top shelf but still way better than standard well tequila) and cost $3.50.  The staff was uber-friendly and the service was great.  Slight complaints were that the guacamole was virtually free of spice and heat--I mean not even a flavor of mild chiles--and the prices were a bit high.  All in all though, totally worth your trip.
Haven't ever had a bad meal here! I love the combo plate and another delicious meal is the salmon enchiladas! MMMmmmm makes me hungry as I type this! Love the staff and owner, great place all around!!
I was so pleasantly surprised by the menu at Padres after being sent there by the Volkswagon service department up the road.  I was driving cross country with my boyfriend when the check engine light came on so we had to stop and it was just in time for lunch.  We ordered guacamole and chips which came with three types of salsa.  I had the palin salmon salad, which was cooked just right and had a perfect amount of mexican seasoning for a salad dish.  My boyfriend got the obama burrito, which was extremely tasty and huge!  All I can say is, I wish Padres was near where I live now!
So I can't rate the food as yet; since, I'm still waiting for service after 20 minutes. Our waitress was really fast to get our drink order,but when we were ready to order she ignored us.  When we finaaly did get her attention and mentioned the service was less than we hoped for all she could say was they were a little busy. But I doubt she'll be so busy when it is time to give us the check and collect her tip...what tip?
I recently collaborated with Denny and his son Cole on a special event for Get Your PHX.  They came up with a wonderful menu using two challenging ingredients, nopales and mesquite flour, that was very popular with the crowd.  Everything I've ever eaten there has been delicious and I'll surely send people there when asked about a good place for Mexican food!
I am lucky enough to live right around the corner from this CenPho favorite and it is truly one of the best things about living in Central Phoenix. This is a great place to bring out of town guests for a unique Phoenix experience- not at all your typical chain restaurant food. I don't think I have ever had anything there that wasn't above my expectations. I have gone for special occasions, out of towners, or just lunch with friends. Any time of day is great and the food is consistently awesome. The sweet potaoe fries rock and my all time fave is the lobster quesadilla's- yummm!  Can't say enough good stuff about this local fave.
1 free penny margarita with check in with Yelp is pretty awesome, but the free drink was not enough for some in the group to gloss over the somewhat pricey options and mediocre food.
I'm a huge fan of Padre's! What food I've tried (I mainly just order tacos or their pork sliders usually) is delicious, the bartenders are awesome, and the owners are always friendly!  One of my favorite things to do: Order two tacos and half a bowl of guacamole with chips and salsa.
The food was fantastic. Ceviche was well prepared. Chips were light, fresh, very good. I had the had the West Coast (carne asada and shrimp burrito) it was large and extremely tasty. Margaritas were alright, but not exceptional. Service was top notch. I highly recommend this place!
I've been to Padre's about 4 times and it is always consistently delicious and the atmosphere is fun and lively. And you have to love the $0.01 margarita just for checking in! If you are a fan of Carne Adobada, you will absolutely love the way Padre's does theirs. Flavorful, hearty, but not so spicy you can't enjoy the depth of the flavors. The Tequilla Shrimp was awesome and if you really want something different, the West Coast Burrito is very tasty. Our server was great, attentive and checked back with us often enough to make sure everything was OK, but didn't hover. Great place, great location, great food, great margaritas!
Plenty of food, fresh and good quality. That is a good restaurant about.
My girlfriend and I really like this place.  We have now been in probably 8 times in the past 1 1/2 years.  I have had a chance to try several different things and have only had one bad experience, and that was just due to my menu selection.  It was the "thoroughly modern burrito", which just wasn't what I was expecting and didn't seem to have a favorable flavor combo.  I have tried recommendations from the staff and have not been disappointed.  Chico is a very friendly and efficient server, and it can be real busy in there sometimes, but we haven't been neglected.  He recommended the West Coast Burrito for me on one visit.  It was fantastic and I have since had it on two more trips.  I also highly recommend the Clams Corona.  Great spciy flavor and served with bread to sop all the broth up.  Great margaritas too!
I really love the food here. Just have to say. The fish tacos are the best in town, and the beans are yummy.   Happy hour special - beware - they are only available at the bar. But the margaritas are top notch and the food is worth it.
Very poor customer service. I had purchased a dealchicken for this restaurant to try it out and upon calling to see about using it for take out (which is not stipulated against in the fine print), they said they wouldn't honor it because they wouldn't make any money out of it. They told me I am supposed to come in to have alcohol (which I can't because I"m pregnant), and that if they are just going to break even then it's not worth it. Well actually I purchase these deals to try out new places that I could potentially be interested in, and by denying me because I don't want to come in by myself they are losing potential future business. Very poor attitude from the owner himself. In a down economy when you should be trying to get business in it isn't wise to be cheap and lose new customers because they don't want to break even.
Great fish tacos, love the atmosphere.
Padre's is a nice little Mexican place that has it's own spin on Mexican food.  It's not the standard fare that you will encounter at Macayo's or Manuel's.  Fresh food and a great menu. The entrees are delicious.  I like the Padre's is a small place that has it's own charm.  There is a big bar area and dining as well.  I won't write too much more, so you'll be able to experience Padre's for yourself.  Enjoy!
We asked a friend to pick a local-owned place for lunch.   Holy Cow!  Padre's exceeded all expectations.  We arrived earlier than our friend, and it being our first time, I was surprised that 3 people greeted us as if we were regulars.  Everyone was so friendly and ready to assist us.  Needing more information, our server very happily helped us with deciding what to have.  When our friend arrived, they already knew his favorite drink and offered it almost as soon as he sat down.      The "Cuban style Pulled Pork" torta was Fantastic!  Because we had the chips and salsa, half of the sandwich and sweet potato fries came home with us.  Later, it made a thoroughly delicious dinner too!  We look forward to going back, it was such a great experience.
Denny and Cole are the best hosts ever! The margaritas are delish and you can get one for $.01 for checking in on Yelp. I always get the fideo, chips and guacamole. Everything I've had there is really good. Also, the live music on Friday nights is way fun.
O.M.G.... this place is the bomb!! It's funny thinking how to describe the cusine.... it's like when you have an old sofa and finally put a new slipcover on it, making it look modern and fresh. That's how the food is here...oh, no, it doesn't taste like an old sofa, I mean, they take old, traditional mexican recipes and prepare them with a modern twist....the result is a grastronamic delight!  We came here with a coupon from restaurant.com, but after eating here, I would gladly pay full price. We started with some tinga on tostadas (shredded chicken breast in a chipotle sauce) mmmm..... so good! The tinga was a lot lighter in flavor and heaviness then what I've had friends make for me (I have a lot of friends from Mexico) My husband had clams steamed in a corona lime sauce.....he said they were to die for!   My husband also ordered the duck breast tacos...I didn't order them because I just couldn't phathom that being good, but WHOA...I was wrong! Not that I didn't love my dish (I had the mahi-mahi tacos) but, when I had a taste of his dish, never have I tasted anything so smokey and savory and absolutley wonderful! It was not at all greasy, as I had imagined it would be, in fact, everything was light and delicious....I usually plan on coming out of Mexican restaurants feeling like a ton of bricks, with an inherent need to wash my face and hands.........not so here!  Now, the customer service also gets 5 stars! We had a very attentive waitress who catered to our every need! I can't have dairy products, so she had them specially make me a tostada without cheese and cream at no extra cost (I had forgot to mention it when we ordered the appetizers) Also, since I checked in on yelp, there was a .99 cent margarita offer. It was only supposed to be for one, but she had no problems hooking us up with two for that price! We didn't even ask, all we asked was how many margaritas the offer was good for! Awesome girl!! (and trust me, those margaritas were soooooooo good, we would have paid full price for those too....)  I can't wait to come back here for round two! Definitely wanna check out their happy hour, and the live Salsa Music they have on Friday and Saturday nights.... Ay Padre, me encantó!
This place is absolutely amazing!!! It takes awhile to get your food, but so worth the wait. Check in. and get a .01¢ margarita!!! The staff clearly love there jobs, and s2r super friendly.
We went here the end of November. Excellent! The Cilantro chicken soup with jalapeños as an app was delicious along with grilled chicken tacos as an entree. Would definitely recommend to all.
Stopped in for dinner a few weekends ago, been looking for a reason to give them a try. Started with a carne quesadilla, the wife and I shared a pork burrito and an order of their cheese and spinach enchiladas.   I think the quesadilla would have been better as chicken, the carne was a little chewy, but then again - that is the way some people prefer carne. The pork burrito was excellent and the enchiladas were top notch also. I skipped the chips and salsa since they were an added few $ - Im glad I did because the rest of the meal was filling.  I loved the flavor of the rice as well as the beans. I wouldn't really call them the best ive ever had though; we do live in Phoenix. The rice and beans capitol of the world if im not mistaken.  There's a few options here for all you bargain shoppers out there. Theres a margarita yelp check-in offer as well as a restaurant - com coupon you can pickup; however, you can't use them in combination with each other. We picked up a $25 off $35 which is an excellent option for two - ended up leaving at just under $20 with tip.
This was the best Mexican we had for the price. Clearly a local place and not fancy. They bring you three different salsas which were a great start. The waitress recommended the california burrito ... WOW! My wife had a great fish taco platter and our nine year old became a true Mexican food eater. As far as the margaritas??? Awesome!
2 and a 1/2. I hate to give it a 2 but I could not justify it for being nice and clean and friendly. One thing I will say is that I expected a lot more from them based on location and a friend's suggestion and that might be why I am so underwhelmed.    We started with the cilantro mousse since it was shown on the menu that you did not receive complementary chips and salsa. (Boooo Hisss). The cilantro mousse was not a mousse it was whipped cream cheese and it was poorly whipped. Big chunks of cream cheese in it that made it hard to dip. The chips came without being salted??!!!   I had to order the Obama Burrito. I say I "had to" because that is the only thing that I was interested in at the time and felt stupid ordering an "Obama" burrito. There was nothing in the burrito that justified it being an Obama Burrito. Just a jump on the, lets be hip and political band wagon name. I did let the server know this and he did agree it needed to be changed. So that will hopefully change with a new menu.  The burrito was ok ,its' flavors all melded together and besides the hot peppers that they had in the sautéed onion and pepper mixture nothing really popped. Pork was meh. It had huge chunks of fat in it and not in a good way. These were large inch cubed pieces. I think I found over four in the burrito which I think is a problem.  The place has potential a great location nice staff and owner. Just needs some work before I would go back. Oh yea ...And if that is the owners Smokey and the Bandit Trans Am in the parking lot we are soooo jealous!
One of my reps brought me here for lunch today. We had chips n guac. The guacamole was great, as were the assorted salsas. He recommended the duck tacos. I give the tacos 4 stars.. because I love duck.. and tacos. The combination of the two is genius. Beans and rice were bleh. Not a whole lot of flavor there. Our waitress was kind of a snatch. All in all a good time-
The food and the staff is awesome. Greatly will be missed. Thanks for 8 years of fun. Huey
I was craving Mexican food the day before Cinco de Mayo and yelped a few places in my zip code. Found this place- I have been here before but only for a few drinks. Walked in and instantly was feeling the vibe of the place by their band playing some Santana. Got me in the mood for good food and ambiance. Started off with a margarita and it did not disappoint little tart and just right. As an app we started off with a 1/2 order of guac which was perfect for just the 2 of us and the queso dip, which was tasty but had chorizo on top (I don't eat meat). It was mentioned on the menu but I guess I over looked that part. Service was prompt and friendly, and we we're really enjoying the live music. I ordered the lazy enchiladas which were soooo good. It came with beans and some really flavorful rice that was so delish. The enchiladas came with a verde salsa that was really good also. By the time I finished my 1st one I was so full from my whole meal. Over all I really enjoyed my meal from start to finish. Our bill was around $50 for 2 alcoholic drinks 2 apps and 2 entrees. Seemed just perfect to me. I will def be back!!
I hear that Padre's is closing tomorrow.  I went a few months agao and didn't review it yet so here goes :o)  The  Mojito I got was okay but I've had better.  The guac and chips were ordinary.  Service was excellent and I didn't have enough food to really review it but with all the other similar restaurants around it doesn't shock me that they don't get enough business.  It's just not that memorable or different.  Sorry!
My favorite is the chicken pesto! I love this place. Their food is great, the owner is friendly and says hi to all the patrons and the staff is awesome! I definitely come here as often as possible for lunch since it is really near my office. Although I haven't been here in several months, is it true it closed?
Closed
Good margaritas for happy hour and a great spinach and cheese burrito!
My husband and I have been here several times and even took the In-Laws once. (For Happy Hour $2.99 Margaritas that are delicious and not watered down.) Also, their tacos! Whether it is fish, pork, or steak - the tacos are so, so good. Plus, they are only $5 during Happy Hour, which is a steal. Normally we'd order the Obama burrito with red sauce to split. Definitely enough to share, but you'll probably want to growl at anyone who tries to take a bite from your plate. Unfortunately, Padre's closed doors in June and will be sorely missed.
Padres was one of a kind and truly will be missed. Lunchtime was a mixture of mechanics on camelback to foreign counsel/government types and everyone between. Dinner customers were locals, out of town family, guests visiting from hotels on business or vacation. My favorite items were, Duck Tacos, Clams Corona, West Coast Burrito, Cuban Sliders, Carne Adobada, Beer battered fish tacos,  of course margaritas and beers with tequila shots to back it up!  Padres rocked for the following reasons,  1. Sit at the bar and enjoy company of the bartender and people around you while having a meal or happy hour food/drinks. 2. Bring a date/girlfriend and sit on the patio or dining room for a great meal. 3. Happy Hour on hi top tables with coworkers and friends sharing carne tacos, sliders, nachos, and having some margs! 4. Bring a big group and take over the patio (weather permitting)  Obviously I spent many nights at Padres and haven't found a place quite like it. There's nowhere in central that has the same energy or funky atmosphere. What a gem..... guess I have to hangout at the concrete, stainless steel, glass, shiny new places now.
Cool look place especially for 7th St. I think they still have a little ways to go to improve the food but the overall quality was good and i will be back to try more. I had the chicken palm frond which was tasty and pretty light which i like. My sis had fish tacos, she liked them as well for the same reasons. Momma had the chicken burrito, not very spicy and was not warm when delivered to the table but to their credit, they made a new burrito and this one was piping hot!
A really slick loungey-type place that was a bit underwhelming.  Been there a couple of times - once for dinner on a weeknight, and once for drinks on a weekend night.   Drinks and bar snacks are a better experience.  They have some corn crusted waffle fries that blow Chick-fil-A away.    The dinner however left a bit to be desired.  I mean, they used tortilla chips from Safeway, and couldn't substitute their pinto beans for black beans.  What kind of Latin restaurant is this??    Also, the chicken torta was extremely greasy and gave me the burps the rest of the night.  And I'm not one with a sensitive stomach so it caught me by surprise.    The vibe, drinks and service were great, but don't go for the food.  The "Latin inspired"  food is disappointing for Phoenix.  Our bartendress was superb.  If anything, go for the service, the drinks and the digs!
the food is not too bad... i went there for lunch and all i wanted to do was try some of thier mojitos... but since i was going back to work it was not a real option... but i would defintaly like to go back for some dirnks and try some of thier food...  everythign on thier menu was different... i really liked the menu and the things that i tried from the people i was dining with were pretty good...
Having recently defected to Central Phoenix from the dairy and strip-mall-laden wasteland that is Laveen, I decided to try a few restaurants in the area that didn't have the words "Burger" or "in the Box" in their name. Being relatively new to the area and otherwise afraid to attempt to turn left onto 7th St, I summed up the courage one day after having been invited to lunch by a friend and made the mad dash across the street and down to Ticoz Resto-Bar. In the amount of time it took me to turn left I probably could have just walked there, but that's neither here nor there.   Upon entering, I feel like I have been transported to some urban-cool hipster hangout that actually wasn't situated right next to a brake repair shop. Replete with so-dark-you-can't-see candle lighting and 11 minute remixes of the latest breakout dance track, you have your choice of seating situations. You can dine in the dining room, belly up to the bar for cocktails or brave the outdoors on the patio.   My lunch companion and I were seated on the patio immediately. I found it odd that there were signs posted to remind patrons to keep the volume of their conversations at a "normal" level as not to disturb nearby residents. Suddenly, I'm reliving a moment from kindergarten and being reminded to use my indoor voice. Since I'm now in my 30's and I've finally gotten the hang of that trick, I take a chance and converse with my lunch companion using my normal everyday voice. This is something you may want to bear in mind if you are meeting up with a large group of people after dark, want to sit on the patio and some members of your party are incapable of controlling their screaming and/or giggling.  The menu offers enough variety to not only set it apart from other run-of-the-mill Southwestern restaurants but also makes me want to come back and try the other items at a later date. I opt for the Pork Torta Sandwich this time around, accompanied by a glass of Passion Fruit Sangria. The Pork Torta is served on grilled flat bread and is very flavorful. It's served with a side of what I can only call cole slaw.  The dressing is very tangy and flavorful and a nice compliment to the entree. The Sangria was potent and also went well with the meal, but seemed a little pricey. My dining companion has ordered the Coconut Curry Rice with beef and after sneaking a bite off of his plate when I alerted him to "something shiny" in the corner, I find it too is very delicious and flavorful, combining a number of unique flavors to create an altogether different dish than I have experienced at any other restaurant that might serve a patron a taco.   A good attribute about Ticoz is the fact that it's open until midnight. This makes it one of the few places in Phoenix that doesn't lock up come nightfall (laundromats aside). I work late hours every day and I like the fact that I can still meet up with friends after a long day and sip cocktails without worry of being forced to cram waffle fries down my throat at an unsafe speed before being given the heave-ho, or worse yet, having to go to Applebees. The ambiance is great and the staff is very friendly. I have recommended Ticoz to many of my friends and co-workers and none of them have been disappointed in my suggestion.
Eh, this place is okay.  I was not super impressed.  The food was okay.  I was not blown away.   After being seated, we sat at the table for a good 15 minutes without anyone noticing that no one had been to our table once.  We had to flag down a server.  Once we actually did have a server, the service was good.  I can forgive the glitch.  Everyone has a bad night.  But the food just lacked the wow factor.  Even though I have a twenty dollar gift certificate (to make up for the initial service issue) I have not been back.  I guess that about sums it up.
UPDATE:  If you want to go enjoy this place, be advised that 8 o'clock on a Saturday comes with about an hour wait. The place is a-hoppin'! They have comfy seats for your wait, though. I had two more magnificent mojitos, as well as the tortilla soup and grilled peach salad. The latter should be illegal it's so good. I blame the goat cheese.   * * *   Best waffle fries on the planet. Hands down.   Best Ginger Lemon Mojito ever poured. Hands down.   Best Happy Hour prices in Phoenix. Hands down.   I mean, can you really resist $3.50 Mojitos and Margaritas? I didn't think so.   The decor is inviting, very trendy (in a not-trying-too-hard way) with vibrant reds. There's a TV over the bar, for those who can't get enough sports updates. There's an outside patio, too.   The Resto-Bar is called just that, for it's divided. You walk in - to your left is the bar/patio areas. To your right is the dining area.   The menu is loaded with delectable entrees, salads and appetizers. It would be difficult to decide what to get. The best thing is to take a group of friends and sample each other's.   The staff behind the bar are very nice... and easy on the eyes, of course. But I'm not complaining.   Did I mention their fabulous waffle fries? My mouth is watering just thinking about them...   I need to go back. Pronto.   Ticoz is the type of place - with their drinks, savory dishes and prices - that you'll crave.   This is my new fave Phoenix discovery. Hands down.
Ticoz is another Tom Jetland operation, and he did a very nice job with this one too. I love how his three restaurants (Fez, Ticoz, Switch) have a similar trendiness and quality, yet totally different personalities. Kudos to him for that. Unlike Fez, where you can order anything at all from the menu, at Ticoz there are certain dishes which are good and certain dishes which stand out. But nothing I've tried has been bad, just so-so on a few occasions. The waffle fries are excellent... the tamales are really nice... and the curry rice dish is quite savory. I love the vibe, it's so mellow and laid-back yet trendy and hip. A hard balance to manage, and in Phoenix it's really rare...
After having been to both FEZ and Switch several times in the last few weeks, finally decided to drive more than a mile away from my hotel (oh no, 2 miles!) to try out Ticoz. I must say, of the the three restaurants these guys have opened up in the area, this one was my least favorite. If I had no expectations of Ticoz at all, I could possibly have given this place 4 stars, but really, I'd much rather stick to Fez or Switch.  Not to say the food was bad, but really nothing extraordinary. To be fair, my coworker and I just ended up splitting some appetizers, soups, and several drinks, so I can't speak to the "real food" of entrees or whatever. Still, the appetizers weren't all that appealing. The queso was a bit too chunky and not silky-smooth as i usualy like - just a personal preference. The meat in the chicken flautas was ground which made it rather dry, and the cinnamon in it really didn't help. The lettuce wraps actually were a highlight of the appetizers, and we did quite enjoy them. As far as the soups, both were a little thicker than we expected, so they ended up being more like stew, almost creamy, though the waitress told us they were rather "brothy" when we ordered them.   The drinks, however, were great. We had a some mojitos and the sangrias, and all were definitely refreshing. Next time, I imagine we might venture to try some actual entrees, but at the very least, this place is a great for some drinks at the bar.
Y'all are officially on notice.  Why?  It was based on these reviews that I decided to try the place.  I was totally prepared to wait when we arrived because we got there at about 7:15 on a Friday night.  They said 30 min wait for a party of 5. Not too bad.  After watching 3 groups who came in after us be seated first (and yes, one was a party of 5) we approached the hostess stand to check on things.  Suddenly we were "next".  Server was Justin.  He said his hellos, told us about the specials, took our drink orders. We'd planned to try a few appetizers, but at that point we were all hungry enough we wanted to go right for the main course. Then we were brought the chips and salsa.  I inquired about the 3 salsas.  He said, this one is hot, this one is pico de gallo, and this is our pineapple salsa.  The chips weren't just "got out of a bag" chips, they were no-name, not very good, wouldn't serve them to my friends chips.  But, we nibbled on them anyhow because we wanted to try the salsas.  I went right for the hot.  Hot?  It was barely warm.  It was very "tomato" tasting, with one person commenting that it almost had spagetti sauce taste.  How can you be going for a Latin flavor and not be packing any heat??  I try the "Pico de gallo".  It's chunky salsa.  But whatever.  It had that fresh taste that many salsas have fresh out of the bottle.  My last hopes were the pineapple salsa.  It was different, and in the end the one I actually liked the most because at least they were trying to be creative.  Can you believe I'm not to the main courses yet?  Justin sets them down quickly and makes his escape.  Visually - they were quite good.  2 of our folks got tortas - one beef and one chicken.  They were "fine".  Both tortas and the burgers come with fries and the fruit slaw on the side. No one liked the slaw.(Friend said it was more straw than slaw)  To me, it was ok - but not worthy of the large portion it took on the plate.  Would have been MUCH better to just fill the plate with the waffle fries that were actually pretty good.  One person got shrimp enchiladas.  That was pretty good - but could have been done just as well or better by quite a few places in town.  I got the pork loin chops.  Honestly - with this being one at their highest price point, I figured I should really get to see their strength here.  It was pretty.  The two thin chops were cooked fine - but it wasn't cooked IN anything for extra flavor, which pork really needs.  It touted an "herby garlic, cilantro, lime sauce".  It was green, and not bad, but with those things you would have thought it might have had more kick.  Or at least flavor. It wasn't bad in a way that detracted from the meal, but it didn't add much.  The green beans were at that same "fine" point.  They were very green and looked great.  But beyond the almonds someone threw on top (again, not cooked with at all, just threw on top at the last minute) there wasn't much flavor.  ( I buy the big frozen bag from Trader Joe's, steam them, toss w/ a pat of butter, salt and pepper and they could kick the butt of these green beans. I didn't have that high of a bar, but they didn't even meet it.)  The night was capped with some poor service mistakes.  Several of us had discussed trying a desert.  Instead of a request for desert, we got a check.  We figured it was a sign.  We were dividing the check into 2.  A friend who had been a server suggested that we mark the items that went on a particular card and then it was easiest for them to split the check.  We were explaining that to Justin as he was seemingly running from the table. (Did we have ebola and no one told us?)  When he accidentally put the wrong total on each card, and we asked him to switch the totals, rather than go do it, he was argumentative at the table for several minutes about how he did it right and kept trying to push fault to the friend who handed him the bill. he then stormed from the table (like a 2 yr old) saying as he went, "Fine, I'll just have to go switch them".  Yea, that's all we'd been going for.  The whole table felt uncomfortable and insulted.  A friend noticed we were "dropped off" to go boxes when all other tables had their food taken away and the server put them in the boxes.  I don't know if we just had an awful server or if he thought we'd be bad tippers (I've never gone under 20% for good service - bad never gets less then 15%) but it will be a long time before any of us go there again. The atmosphere was cute, but the food was not a good value and never really rose above "Ok".
I'd have to say that among the restuarants in the Tom Jetland suite (Fez, Ticoz, Switch), Ticoz is my favorite because of its dimly-lit lounge-like quality, which provides it a cozier feel than the other two.  Add to that, the hypnotic Mojito creations and Ticoz is one of those places I could spend an entire weekend late afternoon at, as long as someone else drives, of course.  The tamales are fantastic and are more similar to corn pudding than to traditional hand rolled tamales.  If you get them with veggies, you'll find that the veggies are a little oddly cut for the dish, so I recommend some other topping.  The beef is fantastic (especially in the tacos).  All in all, this is one of my current favorites.
Ticoz is really a fun restaurant.  Very cool setting and relaxed yet hip atmosphere and crowd.  Yet another one of Tom Jetland's creations (owner and chef of FEZ and Switch) and is probably my favorite of them all.  I have had a number of items on his menu, the food is good.  I can't think of anything that really super stands out, but it seems that every time we are there, we leave completely satisfied.  Great service, Great food, and Great feel to it.  Although, I must admit... there is one thing I absolutely cannot get past.  I think it is total CHEESE that in such a cool spot, the great mixed drinks come out with a fake/silk long stem cheesy looking dumb flower inserted in your cocktail...  kind of like something that would be at Grama's house.  Other than that - yahoo for Ticoz!!
I have NEVER had a bad meal at Ticoz.  I go often and I love food!  The service is terrific...very relaxed atmosphere but the food always rocks and the staff top notch.  I've had many things off the menu-but my favorite is the burgers.  #3 is to die for!  It has a lime mayo that makes it quite tasty.  The criss cut spicy fries are a great accompaniment and I usually take the oriental coleslaw home for people to fight over!  I also got to see Alison Du Bois eating lunch here , too!  The pineapple salsa is good but the chips are only so-so.  But hey, that's the worst thing and that's ok with me!  **update 08/14/09: went for lunch and it was as good as EVER!  We had an awesome server, Pablo.  He was very attentive and enhanced our meal!  He's a terrific addition.  In fact, the whole staff today seemed very, very efficient and good!
ok, first review, here goes....  sangria- killer, and if i recall correctly they have a pretty fancy happy hour, so i recommend a dd.  guacammus (guacamole mixed with hummus) yes and yes.  ticoz chop chop- i'm a huge fan of salads with lots of stuff in it. i really don't dig it when i get a big pile of lettuce with a few random veggies thrown on top. there are so many great veggies out there. live a little. the chop chop is great, jicama, hominy, chic peas, red beans, black olives, etc. good stuff.  as far as the rest of the menu goes i really couldn't tell you, because for some unknown reason they decide to put chicken stock in about everything, and i happen to be vegetarian.  my question is this, why on earth would you find it necessary to ostracize a substantial portion of the population to "add flavor" to your rice? no one notices anyway! i dont think i am asking too much, really. i'm ok with the fact that there isn't any tofu on the menu (i mean it would be nice, but hey), but can you please leave the rice alone?!?!? seriously. i don't get it.  ok, so maybe i'm just bitter because i've had my eye on the coconut ginger curry rice since ticoz opened. whatever.
For some reason, I always forget about this place.  So, i opened up the reviews page and remembered *why* i liked this place so much.  Good drinks and creative menu in a stylish atmosphere.  The food is nothing spectacular, IMO, but the uniqueness of it is always tempting to the palate.  Their salsas are good, their street tacos are good, their mojitos are good.    Basically, its a 'good' place to go wine and dine ... and the atmosphere can elevate your evening to 'great' status.    I need to try their patio, cos I've only dined/drank in their resto portion.
When Steffany H. suggested meeting for lunch this week at Ticoz, I was excited as I've been wanting to go check it out for a while now.  I was pleased to see the 'Everybody loves us on Yelp' sticker on their window when I walked in.  The restaurant was pretty crowded for a Monday lunch but we had no problem getting a table...  I like how they bring chips and several salsa choices to start off... It was hard not to eat too many as they were really tasty!  It was tough to decide what to order as everything sounded delicious!  I loved that they had a variety of salad options as I usually go with salads for lunch.  I finally decided on the hearts of palm salad + shrimp.  The half portion was just the right size for my hearty appetite!  One of my friends had the street tacos and the other had the Ticoz chop chop salad.  We were all pleased and went home feeling extremely satisfied.  I would like to go back one evening to try their sangria and sample some of the other things on the menu.  The guacamole sounds awesome!  I like Alicia B's idea of going with a group and sharing a bunch of different items.  I took one star off because the service was a little slow.  As long as you're not in a rush, go check out Ticoz - there is something for everyone and it's a fun atmosphere!
I would give the service four stars, and the atmosphere five stars.  Now for the rest:   We had a party of 5 and arrived for a reservation at 7:00.  We were promptly seated, the staff was very friendly and helpful.  Had a good start -- the spicy queso was good, but $8.50 was definitely a little steep for a small bowl of melted cheese, and only 1/2 a plate of fried tortilla strips.  We liked our sangria, and our waiter (Josh?) did a great job of keeping an eye on the drinks when they were getting low.  Dinner?  YIKES.  I ordered tamales which were.....unrecognizable.  I would describe it more as a plop of cornmeal (no corn husks) with some adobo sauce and shrimp dumped over it.  Not appealing, and very heavy.    Another guest found a piece of plastic in his chicken (when he chewed on it).  In their defense, the waiter, the manager, AND the chef came out to profusely apologize.  It was a really nice gesture AND they took $25 off the bill.  Well handled.  But at the end of the day, I'm not sure I'd go back.  The food wasn't that great, and definitely overpriced for what you get.  Too bad.
Big smiles and welcoming personalities greeted us at the door. I was so relieved. I've been to other restaurants from this group and have hot and cold experiences. So, this was a great start out the gate.  Our server Brandon was attentive, full of life and kept calling me Love (which I swooned about).  We ordered a few different margaritas, the enchilada special, the fish special and appetizers. All around the food reviews were the kind where your mouth is full and you shake your head up and down and smile while pointing at the food.  Friday at 7:30PM got us seated quickly, but the place was filling up when we finished around 8:45PM.
Checked this out about a year ago... had a great time.  The patio was perfect for drinks (lots of different flavor mojitos), and the dinner was really delicious -- the menu is really unique.  I think this would be a perfect place for happy hour when the weather is still kind.
Best lettuce wraps I've ever had.  Sweet and Salty, super good! Great mojitos!  One of the only places I will order mojitos.    Had a party on the patio once and that was super fun.  Although one time I went there with some friends in the middle of the summer and their air conditioning wasn't working... we stayed because the bar was a little cooler, but that was agonizing...
A friend of mine has been begging me to go here with him for ages.. after hearing such a mixed bag about this place have never had a desire to try. Every meal should be a good meal, right? So when some friends of ours asked us to meet them for dinner, well, we went.   Made a reservation after hearing about the wait times.. when we arrived we were sat immediately. Let me say that the space is very cool.. Ikea like, in fact we have the same floor lamp in our living room, 39.99 if interested. For whatever reason I thought that Ticoz was more upscale in their service though I was disappointed when we were told we needed to hang on to our silverware, yuck!! So be prepared to ask for new silverware!   The salsa's were a nice touch though they need to get rid of that pineapple crap.. oh and the chips, well those are Tostito's or something.. not a good impression at all. I'm not sure if they know this but Food City actually makes some really good chips they could just buy rather then use those stale disks from????  Got a mojito.. very good, one of the best Ive had in the valley! Ordered apps.. guacummus (sp) and calamari.. the guacamole hummus mixture was alright.. wouldn't order that again though the pita tasty.. the calamari was definitely from a frozen bag.. though for these prices they will have to cut where they can.  Doh, avoid the grilled peach salad.. tasted weird.. the blue cheese salad on the other hand.. yummy! Ive never seen so much blue cheese on a salad plate before.. kudos! We did ask for fresh cracked pepper, our server put a shaker of pepper on the table.. its little touches like these that can make or break a place.. guess that kind of service is overlooked here.   I have to say though that the burgers were awesome! Both juicy, well cooked and delish! Criss cut fries were well seasoned and very tasty! The coleslaw that came on the side could have been omitted completely as it added nothing to the plate but bulk. Those burgers were fagalicious!   I wish I hadn't waited so long to go here as it was everything I thought it wouldnt be.
Mojitos are huge and oh so good, pricey so try to come during happy hour if you're on a budget.  They have several really unique martinis, like blood orange and a lychee and watermelon (I think)  for $9.50.  I only came here for drinks so I be back soon for the food.  From what I saw and read the food looks above average,  I say great when I get a chance to actually try it.  The staff was very attentive to us, and everyone else around us.  I can't wait to have one or more mojitos this summer when it's 110 outside.
Went last night for Dining Out For Life with a group of gals pals.  We have a really nice time.  We all really enjoyed our food, I got the chicken street taco, they were tasty and exactly what I was in the mood for.  Our server, Rob, was super great too!  The only thing I didn't like about it was that my cocktail was $8.58 for one measly drink---- (that's with the dollar for tip.  Soooo..... $7.58 for a rum and diet with a lime just doesn't do it for me.  Also, the chips are the store bought kind-- not my thing.  But the salsas were delicious!
Tasteful atmosphere with a great patio, a cozy bar area with stylish mood lighting, a sleek dining room outfitted with red leather chairs, leafy potted plants, and mirrors along the saffron-colored walls.   They have a good variety of dishes to choose from, all prepared with fresh ingredients and all perfectly cooked and attractively presented.  I had the guacammus and calamari and both were excellent, but the seafood fresca really stole the show..The tilapia was light and flaky and the lime sauce on top was so good my mouth is watering just thinking of it!  They also have an excellent happy hour with half priced entrees and good drink specials.  The only drawback? The Sangria, I will admit I am a sangria snob but this was so sweet it was barely drinkable. They should really pop over to Lola's Tappas and try and duplicate their recipe! All in all great place highly recommended.
Lots of love for this place! Met my friend Mike E. (shout out to an elite yelper from Seattle in our area for the week!) for drinks and dinner on a Wednesday night and it was ideal.  The patio was full when we got there so we had a drink in the bar area first.  Great drink menu...almost too many choices!  I had a beautiful blood orange martini that completely hit the spot.  We also had a sampling of the 3 salsa choices which were all quite unique but as you have all commented, the tortilla chips left a lot to be desired. A spot opened on the patio so we moved our drinks outside and decided on dinner.  I went with the delicious grilled peach salad with chicken and found that even after an intense yoga class, the half portion was plenty.  As for my dining partner, he went with the servers suggestion and enjoyed pork chops with green beans.  Needless to say, we were both members of 'The clean plate club.'    Great drinks Great patio  Great sticker on the door 'Yelpers love us' ...or something like that  I have to come back for happy hour (4-6:30pm daily) any takers?
I feel like Ticoz is an Oasis of sorts.  One of those places that is cool and trendy on the inside but from the outside it fits in with gas stations and car repair joints.  I like that vibe.  Thanks to Emily D for a super rec!  You step inside and it is sheik, and you eat outside on the patio and it's fresh and nice and just what you want.  While I'm not local, I imagine that's an awesome feature to be able to pop in and pull out of the "city."  Our only mistake was not arriving for a Monday Happy Hour, $2 Mojitos?  Shut up!  Great food, I had the boneless pork chop (thanks for taking care of that chef!) and some good drinks.  Slightly odd was the lychee martini had no lychee in it (like you know the spinney red fruit with the white eatable part inside).  I really just like vodka with a floating lychee, my explanation to the bartender/drink maker upper/server fellow didn't seem to efficiently communicate this.  A next drink of a drought Hoegarden was perfect though... so nice on the deck!
After going there once before, I thought I would give it another shot, this time with my friend Ernesto.  The food was okay and that's why I am giving it 3 stars.    The service really left a lot to be desired.  I wasn't asking for much, just some courteous attention to my needs for the evening.  The waiter really was nowhere to be found and we had to flag down the hostess to get our drink orders.  Never once did the waiter ask us if we were doing okay during the entire meal or if we needed anything.  Before we knew it, the check came, without the waiter even asking us if we enjoyed our meal or if we were finished (how about dessert and coffee?).  My friend wondered if it was because we were speaking Spanish at our table.  Hmmmm....  Will I ever go back?  Maybe one more time.
There's something magical about the coconut lime mojito.  I fell in love with the Cuban concoction the first time I tried one many years ago and I have just fallen in love all over again.  This review is based mainly on the drinks, as I tried one of each on the 2-for-1 happy hour special.  A coconut lime mojito, a blood orange margarita and sangria - all three were superb!  You can tell they put a lot of thought into their drink menu, the presentation is lovely - garnished with fresh fruit and a silk flower - the drinks are Ticoz forte.   There's also something magical about their patio.  You get the feeling you're sitting in a friend's backyard, the patio furniture is cozy and makes you want to kick back and relax.   I don't have much to say about the food, we tried the empanadas and they were good enough, although they could have used a bit more spice.  The grilled peach salad sounds wonderful, and is on my list to try next time.  I do wish that they offered food on their happy hour menu, but no such luck. I don't see myself coming to Ticoz for dinner and sitting in the dining room, when the bar and patio are so inviting.    For those that don't know they offer $2 mojito Monday's all day! Yes $2! And their mojito's are fabulous!!
After all this time, I finally made it to Ticoz.  2 friends and I showed up on a Tuesday at about 6:20, and while the dining room and patio were full, we settled in at the bar with no trouble (and let's face it... may as well stay as close to the booze as possible).  Our waiter was kind enough to rush over and let us know that happy hour was just about to end, if we wanted to get a drink order in.  Oddly enough, we DID want a drink!  I ordered a mojito, which is always a favorite of mine.  They have all sorts of fancy ones, but I just wanted a plain jane mojito.  Not only was it delicious and only $3, it was BIG!  One of my friends swears by the Sangria, and the other had a fancy mojito and loved it too.  We opted to just split some appetizers.  We ordered the Cinnamon dusted chicken flautas, beef empanadas, and a side of corn crusted (something like that) fries.   The fries were very good, but they were just fries.  I'm not sure what I was expecting, but I guess I thought it would be totally different than regular fries.  The beef empanadas were very good; it's just shredded beef cooked up in puff pastry.  A very simple idea, and one I plan to try at home sometime soon.  The beef was a little bland, but it was a very filling and satisfying little treat.  But now for the best... the cinnamon chicken flautas.  Hoooooooooooooooooooooooly cow did I love those things.  I've already been back once since, and I know I should try other things, but I couldn't resist.  I've found myself craving them at the oddest times.  They are just shredded chicken wrapped in a tortilla, cooked and rolled around in cinnamon.  Sounds weird, but absolutely wonderful.  I want to give it 5 stars for those flautas and mojitos, but based on the other two items (and until I try something else there) and their terrible, terrible Tostitos tortilla chips, I'm going to stick it at a 4.  A++++ WOULD EAT IT AGAIN!
Unfortunately I cannot live on FEZ alone (though during weekends back in PHX I sure have been trying), so there comes a time in every man's life where he must venture outside the comfort zone and at least attempt to try a new restaurant (even if it IS owned by the same people).  This is where Ticoz Resto-Bar comes in; located within stumbling distance from the apartment I decided on an early dinner with the full intention of hitting happy hour on a beautiful Phoenix evening.  When I arrived at 5:30 the host informed me that every seat on the patio was taken, and that I could sit at the (empty) bar or in the dining room. Not wanting to be "that guy at the bar" I opted for a table in the very dimly lit dining room.  At this point, let's just get the service aspect out of the way... nice guy, very friendly, clearly hadn't seen a one person table in a while. I seem to think that a one person table affords you a unique opportunity to interact differently with your guest. However, I don't feel as though professionalism should go out the window.  The waiter brought my round Tostitos and three types of salsa, which can be characterized as:  1. Hot Salsa - BAD, REALLY, REALLY, BAD. I would rather chug Prego out of a dirty can while undergoing invasive surgery to correct... let's just leave it at that.  2. Pico De Gallo - I was under the impression that Pico De Gallo salsa should be chilled when brought to the table, once I got over the fact that my salsa was warm, this was actually pretty good.  3. Pineapple - OMG, WHY THE HELL DO THEY EVEN PUT OTHER SALSAS ON THE TABLE??? SERIOUSLY, THIS STUFF WAS FANTASTIC!!  Shortly after this I ordered the first of what I expected to be many mojitos, at 1/2 price I was ready for an enjoyable evening with my new vice the mojito. Unfortunately, I was disappointed by the outcome. Maybe I should have read the menu a little closer, but the mojito was nothing more than brown sugar water, maybe some rum and a smattering of mint leaves. I drank about 1/2 and decided that it wasn't worth finishing. They clearly need to learn a better simple syrup, or buy the pre-mixed Bacardi Mojito, they'd be better off.  Now in all fairness, I ordered cheese enchiladas for my dinner and they were actually VERY good. Though it isn't very hard to mess up such an easy dish. I was impressed with the amount of cheese that was used as well as the decoration of the plate. Can't say the same about the rice (tasted like it belonged not in a Mexican restaurant but rather a bad Indian restaurant) or the beans, which were just sort of there.  Overall I am disappointed with Ticoz, even though they are owned by the same people that own my favorite restaurant in Phoenix. They obviously have some work to do in this direction before I will be going back again. So I will continue to find a way to live off FEZ alone, or at least until I can muster up the courage to try something new, again.
Oh, how I love thee Ticoz.  From your close proximity to my work making for the perfect happy hour spot, to your very large glasses of pinot grigio highlighted by your awesome patio with the couches.  And, let's not forget about the great food and the wonderfully adorable bartenders and servers.  My first time at Ticoz was last summer for a birthday happy hour.  It was hot and sweaty, but I had a great time.  About 10 of us gathered on the patio and talked and laughed until the sun went down.  I've had quite a few happy hours here and 1 lunch and one evening meal.  The lunch was amazing!  I don't remember what it was called, I believe "palm frond chicken" or something to that effect.  Their chop salad is to-die-for with a light dressing and corn, garbanzos.  Just amazing.  Their service is always great and when I was going in regularly they always remembered me and knew what my friend and I wanted to drink.    They've taken down their sign (don't know why) so it is a little harder to find now and its kindof a bitch getting there when 7th St has that suicide lane thing going (thats a whole nother review) but I will always love this place and will deal with the traffic to get there.
Let's put it this way -- Ticoz was so awesome that I am completely willing to come back for numerous happy hours -- even though I work about 40 minutes away, and gas is $3.75 a gallon.  Cool atmosphere, unusually friendly and down-to-earth staff, quiet enough for a great conversation, plenty of parking, and lychee mojitos.  What else can I say?
The food was "OK" for frozen, out of the bag, canned, run of the mill, heat and eat.   The description makes it sound Yummy.. but the taste doesn't backup the menu (or the price).  Don't get me wrong, I love my gay boys, but when you're a waiter, it's not always cool to show your "I'm a Diva" side when you're waiting on a table of 6 people that can either make your night with a good tip, or leave you a $1.00, which it wasn't even worth that.   The " I'm a diva in my real life, but I'm just playing waiter tonight" attitude really sets a bad tone for the night.
This is a decent spot for happy hour - or, in our case, second happy hour. We went here around 6 pm after going to Fez for their happy hour and having a margarita and an appetizer. We sat at the bar and were definitely happy with the ambience and service - the bartenders were all very attentive, refilling our water frequently and making sure we had everything we needed.   We were still pretty hungry by the time we arrived at Ticoz from Fez, and their food definitely did not disappoint in terms of portion size! We weren't as in love with the flavors of the food, though. We got three things: the half-size Grilled Peach Salad, ($6.50), Pork Torta Sandwich ($9.75), and Crispy Calamari ($9.95). The salad was definitely fresh and had a flavorful dressing, but we were super-disappointed to discover that the peach slices (of which there were only three) were canned. Yes, they had grill marks, but grilling can't really bring out the flavor and tenderness of syrupy, almost mushy canned peaches. Disappointing. The Crispy Calamari was not too chewy, but the batter it was fried in was pretty flavorless and the lime dipping sauce could have had more kick to it.   The biggest standout was definitely the Pork Torta Sandwich - the meat was really tender and flavorful (although a bit over-seasoned) and the slaw that came with it was delicious. The other highlight was my Blood Orange Margarita, which wasn't overly sweet and definitely complemented the spiciness of the pork sandwich.   To sum it up - we loved the atmosphere and the service, but didn't think that the food was particularly memorable. We'd probably come back for happy hour, but not for dinner.
I love this restaurant. It has great ambience and the food is wonderful. I particularly love the guacummus (guacamole hummus) sliders. It's a great place to meet friends and colleagues.
One of my favorite places to go for grazing and a drink or two ... ok three ...the entrees are good but I particularly love sharing 2-3 appetizers - the Guacummus is great as are the fish tacos. The dining room I love, candles and ambiance squared.  The bar and patio are great as well, comfortable seaats and attentive service.  The prices are reasonable, parking can be a tad challenging but when in doubt, Ticoz food, drinks and service will put a smile on your face and give you a nice evening to enjoy. To comment on earlier review ... ok the service is a bit ..affected, but welcome to central Phoenix, I have never had bad service just a few young men with a tad too much interest in their own coolness.
The chicken tacos literally tasted like cat food and were the worst I've ever had. That aside, I dig this place.  Here's why...  - Cool 70s-ish tables and chairs - Cozy and dark and almost cave-like (in a good way) - Great menu - lots of choices - Awesome drink menu - Drunk people whooping it up at the bar - Lots of salt on rim of margarita (and they even brought me extra salt when I asked, yay) - Lotions and potions and girly stuff in the bathroom  Despite the taco situation, I just kind of want to go back. Immediately.
LOVE this place.  What I love most is how versatile it is.  It's one of my favorite places for lunch because its so close to the office.  Great lunch pricing because the half salads are enough to fill me up and there just $7. Can't beat that!  Then after work the lounge-feel really pops and the drink menu is super fun.    One thing to warn, it's a "open" establishment with a colorful splash!  I totally enjoy it, but if you an in the box type of person, you may not so much!
The food is so-so, but the waitress with the blond spikey hair is amazing.  I wish I could remember her name...She could be one of the best in Phoenix.
Mojito Mondays! Cheapest and most incredible mojitos around! They have a million flavors to choose from....my fave is mango, but I'll try anything once.   I meet my stressed-out current and ex-coworkers here to unwind over drinks every couple of weeks. Get there early to find parking because the place fills up quickly for Monday happy hour! Epic.
Love the food I've tried here so far!  Nice decor/atmosphere.  It can get VERY NOISY, though.  The pork torta sandwich (that title is repetitive... torta is Spanish for sandwich), which came with goat cheese and tamarind on grilled flatbread and sides of cole slaw and awesome waffle fries, was fantastic!  I also had the pleasure of trying my neighbor's Coconut ginger curry rice (w/ chicken).  Yummy!  Complimentary tiny dishes of dips and tortilla chips were devoured by table companions so I assume they were good.   Arrive early for happy hour or dinner or you'll have to resign yourself to a long wait.
Mojitos Monday and an awesome happy hour = nice!   I love the atmosphere and decor of the bar. Love the down tempo music. Even the outdoor patio looks awesome.   The mojitos are still the best I've ever had. They've changed up their menu slightly. There are plenty of flavored mojitos to try, including blackberry and mango. They nixed the Ginger Lemon martini, though, so when I asked for a Ginger Lemon mojito (a made-to-order drink I had the last time I came here), I was happy that the bartender obliged. The server seemed a tad put-off by my request. I might have irked him a bit, but I had to try the Ginger Lemon mojito to see if it was as good as I remember. It was probably the last one I'll ever had... so it was a bittersweet moment for me. My 2nd mojito was the mango one. It was tasty, but I think I prefer the more traditional (less sweet) drinks.   My HH pal and I ordered the two burgers for $5. They are 1/4 lb burgers and come about medium well. Mine was super salty but tasty. We also ordered a basket of their waffle fries. Damn good! Plus, with the complimentary chips and a trio of salsa, my friend and I both agreed: we felt super stuffed afterwards.   The good news? The bill was only $17 for 3 mojitos, two burgers and an order of fries. Nice!   Ticoz, I'm still a huge fan of yours!
Ticoz has a lovely patio and comfortable furniture to relax with friends at happy hour and also has the best chicken lettuce wraps I have ever had!
I'd been wanting to try Ticoz since it opened. There was so much buzz surrounding it for a couple months after it opened, and some of my gay friends still rave about it. So I finally tried it on Saturday for lunch and was a little dissapointed.  First off, I don't care if you are gay. That is absolutely your choice and I respect you making choices for yourself, but please for the love of god hire ONE person that still talks like he has a pair of testicles. Every waiter, bartender, and host that we encountered was almost inaudible and spoke in such a high tone of voice that I actually thought I was speaking to women.  Secondly, being the only table in the bar (+1 table in the patio area) should mean that we get decent service. Watching 4 staff members stand in a close proximity circle behind the bar talking about how much they drank last night and forgetting to bring us more drinks, a bill, my credit card back after I paid the bill, etc. is a little disconcerting. Perhaps even more disconcerting than my lack of ability to spell or my run on sentences.   Finally, when I tell you that I think your Pork Chile Verde dish has an almost inedible salt content, and you reply back to me "I've been telling them that for a long time and they wont change it," it's obvious that something is going wrong in your lines of communication. You wouldn't tell me that if a) you didn't also feel that way or b) you've heard other customers say the same thing. Regardless, what you should have said is "well I appreciate the feedback sir, may I offer you another dish with a lower salt content? and I'll be sure to let the chef know what you thought as well."  The atmosphere was cool, but not nearly up to Fez or Switch levels. It's obvoius that I am in the minority, but this restaurant really didn't score many points in my book.
What a great place for lunch or dinner.  The ambiance inside is not what I expect, I was very impressed and the food is always delicious.  It's a fresh look at mexican cuisine and I will continue to recomend it to all who are looking for good restaurants.
This place is great! The atmosphere is wonderful, the wait staff are very friendly (and very sexy), the food is delicious, and it's not very expensive. 5 stars!
I think Ticoz is a very strong 4, bordering on 5.  I have only been here for dinner, but I am interested to check it out for lunch.  I am in love with the guacammus. I would eat it every day if I could! I also had the sweet corn tamales, veggie style. Those were damn amazing.  The atmosphere is really cool. In fact, just being in this place makes me feel cool. Service was great too.
I love that even though Ticoz-Fez-Switch are owned by the same person, each has a distinctive style and atmosphere. After our visit to Ticoz on Saturday evening, I would say that Ticoz is FEZ's sexy Latin sister! Loved the dark amber tones that decorated the interior, and even though we sat in the main dining room, we peeked in the bar area and it looked very inviting. Our server was super nice and pleasant, and paid us just right amount of attention. We arrived a little after 7 on the Saturday night and were seated right away. The only real negative about Ticoz is that you can miss it if you don't know exactly where it is because it's not in a well lit area and, even though there is one sign near the street, you can easily miss it.  I had the watermelon sangria to drink and it was delicious! It was like drinking a watermelon jolly rancher, and I liked that it came with a slice of watermelon which I enjoyed after I finished my drink. We split the calamari appetizer...while it was not to die for, it was still better than what I imagined getting in the desert; plus the breading was very light and the appetizer was only the rings and no yucky tenticles, so kudos to that! I had the chicken torta sandwich with waffle fries as my entree. The sandwich was a great size and the chicken was so tender. Their were two things I didn't like: one was that the sandwich came on grilled flatbread - I would have preferred another bread option and second, with the fries and cole slaw, it was just way too much food. It barely looked like I ate anything even though I ate the whole sandwich and quite a number of fries, which were tasty. Chris had the chicken tamales which he really enjoyed.  Our bill came to $49 before tip. We used the $10 gift certifcate Chris won at the Fez UYE so after that was deducted and we added tip, our total was $50. Not too shabby at all. We'll definitely be back in the future to sit at the bar and enjoy some more good food.
Ticoz is not a bad place.  The menu is eclectic-american and the service has always been friendly, consistent, and attentive.  All the food I've had there has been decent and the prices aren't bad either.  This is a gay friendly restaurant so it's a good place to consider for a same-sex date.  It's also a good place for large groups.
No, it's not just a swanky metrosexual bar. I walked into Ticoz with the same perception as everyone else; 'This place is popular because it looks like a cool place to be seen"  And like many places in Phoenix/Scottsdale, the trendy swank restaurants are more hype than substance. I walked in here thinking this is another place that could serve dog shit but if they dress it up with a nice drinks, good looking people and a Crate and Barrel catalog, it will get 5 stars.  So my wife and I chose to eat here in the afternoon when it wasn't busy. We actually ordered food in addition to drinks. I was shocked. The food was actually delicious....not, not good....delicious. The food has a lot of flavor and is well prepared without it being heavy.  At the same time, the food is still well grounded in Mexican ingredients so you are not eating fru frue eclectic dishes that are designed to be different just for the sake of being so.  Therefore, you won't see Octopus tacos with cinammon salsa...no nothing like that.  I had a wondefully slow cooked  pork that was served in a spicy sauce over cheese enchilada.   They have a fresh citrus Paella that is fragrant and flavorful without being too greasy. The margaritas were disappointing. They were strong with no flavor.  It was like drinking lemon flavored tequila.  HOWEVER, the mojitos were out of this world.  Finally, to the reviewer below who had an issue with the gay staff....what were you thinking when you entered the place...that they had a waiter sitting on the bench that they recruited from Black Angus just for people like you?  Would the food and drinks taste better if a dude "with testicles" served you?
This place has delightful ambiance. It's very date-friendly. I sat in one of the tables with the RED CHAIR. The proportion was a little odd. The chair was too tall and its arms kept touching the table. It made it was hard to maneuver my arms around it.   Our server was very nice. She seemed to be knowledgeable about their menu, which is very important.   I ordered the Grilled Burrito with the Pork it was delicious!!  I love the chips and the 3 sauces that come with it. very tasty.
I'm a picky eater, let me put that out there. So the first time I stepped into Ticoz "Resto-Bar" and read the menu, I nixed it, decided on something else to eat, and avoided it for awhile.  Then one day I was starving and interested in something new, so when my boyfriend suggested the resto-bar, I threw my hands up and said "why not!"  Food was nice and salty! We had the gucahummus which was good. I had the tortilla soup, which is now one of my favorite foods evah! It's so delish.  Over time I've also tried the empanadas, which are just as delightful. They also have a "recession buster" plate for $5 or so, which feeds a hungry man pretty well. Not bad!  But the tortilla soup!
I can't decide if I like this place or not. They have really good happy hour and brunch specials on drinks, but I'm still undecided on the food. I've been here three or four times, and I've tried a variety of their foods...I just don't know. I can't really point out anything that was wrong with it. The first three or four bites are always delicious...but then it just gets boring. It's just the same flavors repeated over and over again.   I've never experienced good service while I was there either. It wasn't horrible, but it wasn't good. Today, I had to ask the waiter to bring me another iced tea after I had been sipping on empty for a few minutes. He got side tracked once he started waiting on some cute gay guys who came in and never did bring me another drink.   On the flip side, we went there for happy hour once and they accidentally charged my friend only $0.03 for 2 drinks. When we pointed it out, they said it was their fault so not to worry about it.   All in all...it's just okay. It will never be my choice as a restaurant, but if someone else wants to go I wouldn't be upset.
Perhaps I am nitpicking, but my overall experience at Ticoz was marred by their use of canned fruits (in their pineapple salsa and on their "grilled" peach salad) The lack of attention to these small details really took away from the overall quality and enjoyment of our meal. Otherwise, Ticoz had great ambiance, tasty food and drinks, and was reasonable priced. However, I don't think I will return for dinner. . Or if I do, I will avoid anything containing fruit :)
I am with Jamie C. on this one.  I think maybe I will have to come back to make my final decision.  Our server was great!  I wish i would have got his name so I could mention him by name... very attentive!  I enjoyed the 2 glasses of sangria I had, but Michael was not that enthused about his mojito.  He switched to Stella for his second:).  For our entrees we shared the calamari and their special which was a blue corn chicken enchilada.  The calamari was very tasty!  I really liked the sauces that came with them and we ate it all!  The enchiladas were very tasty too.  There were many shared plates that I wanted to try so I will definitely come back!
My husband and I went here with another couple on Valentine's day (non-traditional I know, but a ton of fun none-the-less). Things that I really liked included my mojito(s), my shrimp and lobster enchilada (the dinner special for the evening), the rice, our waiter, the music, the lounge. Things that I was just sort of "eh" about included the chips and salsa, the bathrooms, the corn mush, the dessert. To be more specific, the enchilada in particular was amazing - shrimp and roasted corn inside, bits of lobster in a spicy cream sauce on the outside. The dessert consisted of three particularly horrid "iced butter cakes" that tasted sort of like Little Debbies that had sat out overnight. But since I was so stuffed full of yummy food and floating away on a sea of expertly mixed mojitos...I am going to just remove one star and call it good.   I want to go back here on a more casual night and grab some "small plates" in the lounge. This could become part of our regular rotation.
We stopped here for a tasty lunch one afternoon and had a pretty charming experience.  The food was delicious, albeit the lunch portions seemed smaller than common sense would dictate, even at the reduced prices we were charged.  The booze was expensive, but the service was impeccable and it made for an enjoyable lunch. I'd go back and pay dinner prices for a little more hearty meal.  My first taste indicates it might be worth the price.
I love Sangria and Tapas and Ticoz completed me.  After a long day of sightseeing in an unbearable sweltering Phoenix sun, we ended up at Ticoz during the 'quintesensational' happy hour.  This was a very happy ending to a very long day.  Their menu offerings were affordable and bountiful.  First we ordered drinks-mojitos and sangrias, then sangrias and mojitos, then I think mojitos and mojitos-well the latter was ordered by one of our more than giddy members of our party.  Order everything from the bar menu, especially the guacammus, sliders and tacos.   Service was laid back, if you don't mind asking for your waiter to get another water or can you add on another order of tacos. Atmosphere was dark with a tinge of dancy music, but it wasn't too loud so you could enjoy conversation easily.   I would definitely go back, if I didn't live so far away.
The spouse and I have been going to Ticoz for about two years now, and we still can't get over the ridiculously made-up name "Resto-Bar." I guess "Restaurant & Bar" was too long to fit on the sign. So every time we go, we speak in a thick Transylvanian accent that probably comes out sounding like the Count from Sesame Street... "Lez go to ze Resto-Bar, bwa-ha-ha-ha-ha."  The food has been reliably good... though it seems like the menu hasn't changed since they opened. And it's not too expensive. But more importantly (because we're boozers) they serve fantastic drinks. I could kill an entire pitcher of their sangria. Spouse lives for the Coconut Lime Mojitos. Side-note: the first time we ate there just after they opened, our server lost balance of his tray and dumped several cocktails in our friend's lap. That server doesn't work there anymore... he's now a shirtless bartender at Forbidden (not that I stalked him or anything).  I do love the dimly lit, orange-and-brown ambiance at Ticoz. Look around... you'll notice that EVERY item in the place is from IKEA. (Same goes for sister restaurants Fez and Switch.) It constantly amazes me how contemporary and chic (EDIT: oh jeez, I totally spelled that "sheik" when I first wrote this) they decorate their dining rooms with friggin' IKEA.  Get the guaca-hummus. It rules.
Great atmosphere, great food, and great drinks. This is pretty much all I look for from a great restaurant. Check it out at your earliest convenience.
4 STARS???  If I could I would be all up in giving 0 stars in this motherfucker.  I visited Ticoz based on the many good reviews. FAIL!  Is TICOZ short for TOSTITOS?  Because I swear... the chips served by the waiter were out of a cellophane bag from Costco.   Margarita.... more ice than anything. Bleh.  Service.... poor. We waited to be seated. We waited to have a drink order taken. Waited to get our drinks.   The main courses were bizarre to say the least.  The "tamales" were more like 2 scoops of sweet corn polenta.The shrimp were in a pile next to it, rubbery, frozen, slightly off flavored. The rice and beans, generic.  The burgers were more like sliders. I think the burgers are prepared far in advance and assembled prior to serving. The bun was made soggy by the watery salsa. The mayo... became watery from the salsa as well. The cole slaw was bleh. The waffle fries were decent.  The waiter was just weird. He was disengaged, unfriendly, and sluggish.  Yo what be up wit yo foolz an yo fo stah reviews?!@!  One of the worst places I have eaten in Phoenix - super trendy looking, with miserable vittles.  1 star, only because there is no way to give 0 stars.  Word is bond!
It was hard trying to convince my husband that instead of going to Fez, we should try Ticoz. He wanted the fries but I can be very persuasive. The wait on a Friday night was not that bad honestly (I think we waited for like 20 minutes which is far better than waiting 45 minutes at some craptastical place). We were seated and began looking over the menu. Our server was very friendly and got things out quickly.   We started with an order of the beef empanadas. Freaking enormous, enough that one of us could have easily made a meal out of them. I normally don't care for empanadas normally, but these were great. They were made from puff pastry instead of the normal dough and the beef was slow cooked, shredded, tender, moist, flavorful...you get the drift. It was served with a small salad. Husband had the Ticoz burgers and I had the street tacos with tilapia. My tacos weren't as good as the fish tacos at Anthony's in Seattle, but still very tasty. The fish wasn't dry or overbreaded. Husband's sliders were decent sized and very tasty. He loved the coleslaw and the fries.  Like I said, our service was great and I thought it was nice that the chef came out and asked us about our food. We were able to squeak out a "very good" between mouthfuls. It seemed as if there are regulars there as she really talked to a couple of tables about specials and things they had last time.   The decor was pretty lacking and I wasn't loving the bottles of designer imposter perfume in the ladies's room but whatever.   We walked out with enough food to feed us for the next day, a bill that didn't send us screaming, and very full bellies. I cannot wait to return to have some sangria, bring a few friends, and try more of the menu.
I've been to Ticoz many times for lunch and they never disappoint. My favorites are their brunch with the 1 dollar drinks and a huge breakfast burrito or their enchiladas. So tasty! Their chef Holly is very friendly and all the staff are awesome.
I made my second visit to Ticoz last night and there will be return visits in my future.   The cons: My biggest complaint are the tortilla chips, I think they are San Pablo brand, the kind you pick up from Shamrock Foods(the hubs works there)....not bad chips but they are the same brand served at my school cafeteria. It just seems out of place in an establishment like this.   The pros: Both times I have been here I have had the pork chili verde. The chili verde is served over two cheese enchiladas with a side of beans and saffron rice. They drizzle a chipotle cream sauce over the beans which is awesome. I found myself squeezing a taste of the beans and cream sauce with every bite I took. The chili verde itself has a little bit of spice too it, but the enchiladas compliment it nicely. The passion fruit sangria is very good. Good enough that I am pretty confident I could easily finish off a pitcher myself. A good blend of citrus, without being overly sweet.   Both times the service has been good and we did not have to wait. Ticoz joins my list of places I have not taken my husband too, yet...
The staff is extremely friendly. Even though their menu does not look terribly vegan-friendly the chef is quite accommodating.  I've had their tacos and burrito made vegan and they were fantastic. Their guacummus (guacamole-hummus) is fabulous and my husband and I buy a container of it weekly at their Sat. farmer's market. I've also had their Chop Chop salad without the cheese and it was a great combination of flavors. Their atmosphere is nice and their patio allows dogs which is a huge plus in my book.
My sister and I stopped by for Happy Hour last night. I fell a little more in love. 1/2 price margaritas, mojitos, and sangria. Awesome deals on appetizers. We split the gaucummus, which was a good size (although a little more pita would have been nice). Sister recently turned 21 so she had to try as much as possible...she had a blood orange margarita, mojito, and the watermelon sangria. I stuck to sangria. She loved the margarita and said it was fresh, the mojito was a little too sweet and light on the alcohol (21 and she's already a connoisseur). The sangria was definitely tasty. 5 drinks and appetizer came out for $28 after tip. It's an amazing deal. Bonus is that the staff are incredibly awesome.   I officially pink sparkly heart Ticoz.
We ended up at Ticoz last saturday night with some friends, what can I say the atmosphere is great.  The Food was delicious, the drinks were well made and the service was spot-on  I ordered the Jumbo Crispy Chimichanga, I have a bit of a love affair with chimichanga's and this dish did not disappoint.  They really don't joke around when they say "JUMBO" i barely finished it and left most of my rice and beans on the plate.  We also ordered some queso the chips for this are amazing, it's a shame they don't serve the same chips as courtesy chips but I can undestand due to cost,   My wife pointed out to me that they were San Pablo chips which are perfectly good and distributed by my company which in a way eating here put's a few cents in my 401K.  I had a peach margarita that was subtle and perfect.  and our waiter was kind of sassy, but in an amusing humorous kind of way, actually he was very attentive.  We will definitely be back, our waiter told us about a weekly brunch which I'd be enticed to try too.
Ticoz is a great spot to go to grab some flavorful, vegetarian friendly food.  And they have great happy hour specials!  My favorite dishes are the veggie tacos and the waffle fries (to die for!)  Atmosphere is modern and casual.  If it's great weather, make sure you eat at the patio.
Day drinking at Ticoz is about the most fun one could have on a Sunday afternoon. Robert M, Ayesha S and I made Ticoz our second drinking stop yesterday (following Postino) because we were picking Dottsy up from the airport and needed to find something to occupy our time. As goes for most any situation, libations came to the rescue!  I'd had an assortment of margaritas Friday night and decided my new favorite is the blackberry, which I had three yesterday. We also ordered the chicken quesadilla and chicken nachos. Both were good, albeit somewhat overcooked for my liking.  Previously, I've had the sangria and while not nearly as good as Dottsy's it suits the purpose.
Ticoz used to be good.   The mojitos are good but there are better out there for less money.  What ever happened to Mojito Mondays?   They used to have these cinnamon flautas on the menu, they were the only reason I went to Ticoz, everything else, you can get elsewhere which means, nothing special.  So they took the flautas off the menu, then they put them back on but changed them. I decided to give them a try, they were so not the same (they were bland and gross) and included a hair, nice touch!   The salsas are decent but the chips always taste stale.   There is one server there that is extremely full of herself and I always seemed to be in her section, so that was yuck too.  She made the whole experience uncomfortable.  There are better places out there that stay consistent. The only consistency at Ticoz is their stale chips.
This place is officially my new favorite happy hour drink spot! The atmosphere inside feels so cozy, yet there's plenty of space. I always like going to places where you can opt for a couch or barstools, depending on your mood or the size of your group. The drink specials were awesome - half price signature drinks and sangria: yum! (The happy hour specials run from 4 - 6:30 pm.) There were so many different flavors of margaritas and mojitos that it was almost like they had issued me a challenge to try them all. And after I had the peach margarita, I am definitely willing to try. Also worth the trip is one of those giant glasses of sangria - pretty tasty and on special during happy hour as well.  The free chips and salsa left a bit to be desired; generic bagged tortilla rounds and a trio of salsas that looked a lot better posed on the tray than they actually tasted. We had an appetizer special (shrimp & masa fritters) with the intention to order more, but filled up on drinks instead. Can't wait to try the other menu options!
Delicious food, good service, nice atmosphere. Drinks are too expensive except during happy hour. Last time I went we were seated next to the kitchen - worst seats in the house - though there was no one else in the joint; menu doesn't display non-alcoholic drinks (you must ask or guess) - otherwise I'd give 4 stars.
Went here for drinks (imagine that).  We had some of their specialty drinks.  Not bad.  We went there a while ago.  My husband refers to it as the "fuzzy green pillow place".  Haven't been back in a while. We will have to try it again soon.
Cute little spot with a great bar.  We were here at an odd  time of day, so it was pretty empty.  But, our waiter was super friendly and chatty. I ordered the grilled peaches salad, which came with dried cherries and goat cheese.  The salad and the dressing were good, but the peaches were CANNED.  I guess I figured that, it being summer and all, the peaches would be fresh.  But, no, so that kinda ruined it for me.  But, the drinks were excellent and the place was nice.
I went to Ticoz this weekend for brunch and really enjoyed myself.  I had the french toast sticks which came with bacon, and I was told that it also came with strawberries and raspberries.  Well, holy cow....the "strawberries and raspberries" were really the star attraction of this meal.  The fruit was served as a parfait in a large wine glass.  A base of granola, topped with the berries, then topped with a VERY generous serving of fresh whipped cream!  Yum-O!  I hardly touched the french toast after eating my parfait.  I would order this one on its own!  Also, for brunch, they have mimosas and bloody mary's for two dollars.  What a steal!  Head to Ticoz for your next brunch, you won't be disappointed.
Ok, you definitely have to be down with the gays to like this place.  Even a homo like myself can at times be scared by the crazy gays that work there.  I recommend the chicken burrito but that's about it.  Their cocktails are always pumped full of sugar and make you sick.
Consider this 3.5 stars for now...a return trip is merited.  Chef Holly wowed me with the delicious food at the UYE YAP at Ticoz a week ago.  So much so that we decided to return for a lunch date.  I was not as impressed on the lunch date.  I had the burgers (two decent sized burgers served on slider sized buns) and subbed green beans for my fries.  The burgers were fine.  The green beans were pretty good but it was kind of difficult getting to them.  I had to talk my way to subbing a vegetable for the fries (I was on a low-carb diet...mercifully done with that) because "they don't do substitutions"...they "don't really have vegetables"..."maybe we can do something"..."I think we can do some green beans."  All in all I will return to Ticoz for a third visit and update from there.  It was kind of odd to be wowed the first visit and underwhelmed the second.
I'm a big fan of this place.  Not as pretentious as Fez, more welcoming, down to earth, and the food's pretty darn good, makes for a great place to hang out with friends and chat.  I've been here about five times over the last two years and never had a bad experience.  Never been hassled about my attire.  Service is always decent, decor is nice, and the food is interesting if a bit pricey.  Still, I think it is worth it.
i've gone to switch and fez a lot more.   but after my sunday morning brunch, ticoz is my new brunch spot (not because i don't like switch or fez). but simply because cheandra was soooo awesome. so, definitely sit at the bar.
Very cool, spacious dining room decked out in black and red. Friendly servers, although a little slow. Delicious food - the chips are fresh and warm, and the three different salsas are all amazing; the grilled peach salad was more like canned peach salad, but still was light, tasty, and refreshing on a hot summer day; and the jumbo grilled burrito...wow! There are so many good authentic Mexican places in this area, but this burrito would probably top them all! The passion fruit slaw and masa-thing on the side were equally wonderful...so much flavor! Like its siblings Fez and Switch, Ticoz offers terrific food in a hip but casual atmosphere perfect for a work lunch or night out.
Ticoz is a chill spot, and like it's sister spots Fez and Switch has a well thought out menu.  Here they have healthy southwestern dishes that do not weigh you down.  I  also like the weekend drink specials as a cheap hangover medicine or a chance to repeat my debauchery.  The staff is always jolly and attentive,  but Cheandra seemed to stand out as a great bartender and server, keeping pace with my date and I's every need.  I highly recommend taking a break from the sun to visit this cool, quiet and relaxing place;  and say hi to Cheandra for me!!!
In a city teeming with Mexican and Spanish cuisine, Ticoz offers more.  Its melange of Latin inspired dishes, lovingly prepared by Chef Holly Gibson, offer a variety of flavors from Puerto Penasco (Ticoz Street Tacos) to the Caribbean (Coconut GInger Curry Rice).  I had the opportunity to speak with Chef Holly when coming here for a "YAP." (Yelper Appreciation Party)  Invitees were lured by drink tickets and a specially prepared spread.  Ticoz' reputation had previously awakened my culinary curiosity, so this was my first experience of the restaurant and its food.  Ahhh, the sight before me when I walked into the restaurant brought back visions of nights in Puerto Vallarta; ordering tacos and tostadas from street vendors at 2 in the morning.  Or was it the talk I had with Chef Holly, when she talked of her inspiration for one of Ticoz Signatures?  Though she grew up in Arizona (so rare, i know!) she spent much time in Mexico, vacationing with family.  It is here where she discovered the "street taco" and brought it back to Phoenix.   I was to enjoy four of these ambrosial tacos the night of the event.  House braised meats on soft corn tortillas, festooned with cabbage, and blanketed with chipotle and an avocado crema.  To give the right amount of tribute, I want to describe Chef Holly's simple secrets to the taco meats.  The chicken is braised  in pineapple and chipotle, the beef in lime and cilantro, and the pork in orange and clove.  These make for distinct flavor combinations, and the juiciest and most tender meat.   The tacos caused a great well being, as everyone was magically transported to the Mayan riviera, with a cold margarita in hand.  I have to digress here, because i just typed one of my favorite words.  Margarita.  I easily enjoyed four of them, to go with the four tacos.  I could not help myself, they were pure titillation.  Not to mention, all the exotic libations are1/2 off between the hours of 4:00p-6:30p.   An unbeatable value, considering the average tropical cocktail here costs only $7.   In addition, the owners were extremely generous in offering its "Yelping" patrons two free drink tickets - even for 16oz. of jubilation.    The drinks deserve a list all on their own: #1 Coconut Margarita.  (who would have thunk that agave and coconut make great bedfellows? a first for me, now i will never go back to anything less than...) #2  Passion Fruit Margarita. (a contender for the number one spot. perfect balance of ingredients - so much so that one hardly tastes the tequila and instead thinks they are plucking Maracuya from the vine.) #3 Blackberry Margarita. (hold me back! I thought there was nothing more divine than a blackberry capirinha.) #4 Lychee Margarita. (this sweet and fragranced fruit makes the cadillac margarita pale in comparison)  I will not admit to drinking any more than the above stated, but I did sample the other signature cocktails such as the kiwi white sangria, and the peach mojito.  With so many exotic and enticing blendings of flavors, I was overwhelmed.  The list of flavor combinations for mojitos and sangrias, as well as margaritas and martinis goes on...I only wished my liver had not been so well fortified after my drinking expedition.  I would have explored the wilds of this potable jungle, but I settled instead with putting the flowers, that came as decorative adornments in the drinks, in my hair.  So, after that wonderful veer, my focus was back on the food.  Other items my taste buds explored on the generous spread were the BBQ meat sliders, as well as the pork tostillados and guacummus.  What is guacammus?  It is Ticoz famous blend of house made guacamole and garlic hummus - a unique gathering of mediterranean and caribbean.  Go Chef Holly!  What one will find here on the appetizer menu are the characteristic  southwestern and even south american comfort foods such as empanadas (a taste of buenos aires) and flautas.  In addition to the guacammus, the basket of corn waffle fries seasoned wtih lime and chipotle distinguishes this eatery from the rest.  More than a half dozen salads grace the menu, with unique ingredients such as grilled peaches or hearts of palm.  Burgers and sandwhiches are available for the unadventurous, but the signature dishes is where Ticoz defines itself as a Latin Restaurant.  From the house Paella prepared in a citrus saffron broth, to the shrimp and lobster arroz in crab filled coconut rice - Ticoz will give you a small tour of the Latin World.
This place is a great neighborhood restaurant.  The food is great and the people there are fantastic. Fun people like Jack, Joey, Robert, Pablo and Cheandra always make you feel welcome.  Chef Holly comes up with some fun and different specials that are always a MUST.
This place kicks ass in the customer service area!  The waiter was swift taking orders, refilling drinks, bringing the food, and the bill. The special was couscous with some veggies and a mystery red sauce. Didn't matter it was good.  It almost felt sad that the whole 12" sized dinner plate was cheaper than a happy meal minus the sweat shop made toy.  Was full until now, midnight.  and what better meal to snack on late at night? A trashy hot pocket...alla cuisine! Rada and I have to have fun on a dime, so this place and it's 5 dollar special was a match made in heaven for us.   The waiters were cute...too bad they're gay -_- it's just a label right? tee hee 4 stars, good service, cute service, good food, cheap food.
I'm pretty sure I would have to give Ticoz 3.5 stars based on this last visit but since I'm such a fan of Swtich and Fez, I'll bump it up to 4 stars.  We finally completed the trinity by getting to Ticoz over the labor day weekend.  They were having some amazing deals on sangria and we wanted to meet up with friends after First Fridays so it seemed like the perfect chance.  The decor is amazing.  Love the lounge area around the bar, especially the couches.  We sat over in the bar and met up with our friends.  I don't know how long they had been there but they didn't have their drinks yet when we arrived and the waiter didn't exactly rush to come over and take our order.  When he did, he was gone for what seemed like forever getting our drinks.  They came out eventually and they were great.  Then we all ordered some food and I personally got the guacummus or whatever it is.  I'd been dying to try it and totally glad I did.  It was an amazing combo and the pita bread and black corn tortilla chips really made it a great late night meal.  We ordered some more drinks and enjoyed our food.  Everyone seemed to be really happy with their food.  So later in the night, a large section of our group decided they were going to head back to Scottsdale so they asked for their bill.  It took our waiter a while to get their bills and then to pick them back up.  Our friends were a bit annoyed because they really wanted to get out of there before it got too late.  Once they had left, the waiter barely paid any attention to us.    The funny thing about it is that all of our friends who left were gay and those of us who stayed, are straight.  This fits in with my theory from Fez where only gays get attentive service.    We practically had to yell at our waiter to get any more drinks by that point in the evening and then, without asking if we were done, he just brought us our bills.  I guess he was ready for us to leave.  In all, it was sort of a mixed experience.  As with Switch and Fez, the service can be terrible on a busy night but great on a normal night.  I'll update my review after going back for dinner some time.  I will be going back though - without a doubt.
During my solo vacation in Phoenix, I decided to check out Ticoz for dinner on a night when I wanted to put on a dress and look cute.  The ambiance of the restaurant was great and suitable for my attire (you can be casual or slightly dressy and still fit in).  Since I was by myself, I sat at the bar, which is small - but sufficient.  There are no TVs, which is good if you want to socialize and don't care about sports.   The music was great, and I immediately felt at home when I heard Los Amigos Invisibles playing :)  The bartender and rest of the wait staff were pleasant and efficient.  They were cute too, but I immediately knew I was in a gay-friendly establishment so they were unattainable.  But regardless of their preference, Michael was particularly nice and chatted with me telling me about various places to go for fun in the area.  This is always nice when you're new to an area and by yourself.    I didn't order an alcoholic drink, but my sprite was miraculously refilled several times without my even asking - so kudos to the bartender for taking care of me.  I ordered enchiladas topped with pork at the recommendation of the bartender, and they were delicious!!  Quite a large serving for me, a petite female, but delicious all the same.  A great restaurant with great decor and atmosphere.  One comment - this place needs a dance floor so folks can get their salsa on!
Well before I was just set on a 3.5 star rating but now that I've eaten here, I have to settle on a 3 star.  We went for a Saturday lunch looking forward to a great meal.  Our waiter took a while to get to us but it did seem like he was doing absolutely everything from bar tender to busser. He was nice enough when he came over and was pretty quick about getting our drinks.    This is where I encountered my first problem.  I ordered the passion fruit sangria and it was full of...oranges.  Now maybe they define passion fruit differently than I do but I don't think oranges are very passionate.  In any event, it was just okay.  I may stick with the Kiwi ones.  I ordered the Watermelon Salad that I thought was pretty good.  It had nice flavor and all of the greens were fresh and tasty.  I thought it was good, it just wasn't the greatest thing ever.  I'll still end up going back...it is way too cool of a location.  I'll try something more substantial next time and will probably have a better review.  Until then...
Maybe this will be better:  The food was gross period. IN MY OPINION (that's for the owner)  and the beef tacos tasted like what I would imagine dog food would taste like. Wet, nasty .99 cent dog food. It was one of the worst dining experiences I've ever had, the service was snarky and bitchy and on a Saturday night it was DEAD. *shocking*. I see a lot more nights like that in your future Ticoz. This place will never see another dime of my money.   So sue me.  :)
I finally came to Ticoz, thus completing the holy trinity (FEZ, Switch, & Ticoz).  I liked it here, but not as much as the other two places.  First off, I LOVE the decor.  It's very cool and contemporary, but it has a warm Spanish flair that really suits the place.  The bar area is really cool, like the place where all the cool kids would hang out.  You would never expect any of this just by looking at the outside of the building.  For food, I ordered the Latin Passion salad which was a tasty mix of field greens and baby spinach topped with pinto beans, jack cheese, corn, tortilla strips, and mixed with a sweet and spicy tropical dressing.  You also get tomatoes and cilantro, but I opted out, yuck!  The salad was really big, and I only ordered the half size!  I definitely couldn't finish it.  The greens were all very fresh and all the toppings added lots of great textures and subtle flavors.  The dressing was really great.  I usually don't like spicy stuff, but I really enjoyed this dressing.  It was really light but the spice gave it a full flavor.  I also tasted some of the french fries and passion slaw that my Mom In Law had.  The slaw was really yummy and very different from the slaw you would expect.  The fries were okay, not really my favorite.  We also had a trio of salsas served to us before our meal and I tried two of them.  Again, I don't like tomatoes, so this is a bit uncommon.  One of the salsas was a pineapple salsa and it was delicious.  The sweet tangy flavor of the pineapple was perfect with the super salty tortilla chips.  I also tried the very spicy salsa that didn't have chunks of anything in it and it was also very good... in very small doses.  Overall, I liked Ticoz, but it isn't really my favorite kind of food.  I'm just too picky.  I will probably be back and hopefully I can expand my culinary horizons just a bit.
You can't point fingers and blame others when clearly inferior product (In my opinion) is the problem. I have no ill will toward any establishment. If you want good reviews, provide quality ingredients and good service. It's that simple. If this much effort was put into creating a positive dining experience, I wouldn't have written such a negative review in the first place.   Now go away.
Why the hell did no one drag me to Ticoz before now? Seriously, you all call yourselves my friends? I'm disappointed and saddened everyone kept this secret to themselves.  As usual I was craving breakfast this morning and was able to convince the amazing Tony A. to meet me somewhere. He recommended Ticoz. I will go out on a limb and say this probably ties for one of the best breakfasts I've ever had. Similar to Bri D., I am practice a non-tomato diet, and therefore, usually have issues with many places I eat at. I suspected I would have to order everything today minus tomato. However, I was clearly wrong.  Let's start with the salsa and chips. For brunch. Yum. One of the salsas was pineapple based, which in itself would've made me completely content. Had my breakfast not arrived in a timely fashion I would've asked for them to take the other two away and replace it with three bowls of the pineapple salsa. Establishments that can make a great salsa without the use of tomatoes are hard to find. Along with my salsa and chips (I swear I didn't eat the salsa only with a spoon despite my desire to) I had a $2 mimosa. Yep. Only $2. It was super fantastic and had minimal amount of pulp which I also appreciate, not to mention that it looked sunshiny and happy.  I went with the huevos rancheros for breakfast, which is comprised of 3 eggs any way you like, green chili, pulled pork, and potatoes. Um, please Sir, may I have another? It was one of those just about perfectly sized meals (had I not front loaded on salsa and chips) that made me all happy inside as I consumed it. The server told me it would be spicy. It did have a kick, but a little more of one would've been welcome.  Stepping away from the food, the service was prompt and the staff was super friendly from the moment I walked in the door before I could take my sunglasses off until I was headed out the door on my way home. Very conversational. Very prompt. Very much appreciated. The prices were also extremely reasonable. Although the menu for brunch is limited, at least half the items appealed to me, which means there is hope of a future trip.  I adored the laid back decor which was perfect on a Sunday morning. The colors were warm and inviting and the seating was creative. The bigger chairs at the table though almost don't work for short people, but I managed. I want to go back again. Now.
I'm the newest fan of Ticoz after trying it last week for the first time. Myself and two wonderful ladies...shout out to Dottsy Z!..hit up happy hour on a beautiful Wednesday evening. Only happy hour turned into happy HOURS!   Things I loved:  *the over all vibe and styling of the place. Great decor and great hint of Spanish flair without over doing it.  *the food was excellent. I had some chips and salsa which were pretty standard. The tacos, although, were outstanding. I had one chicken and one beef. The beef was AWESOME! I am trying to eat red meat only two times per week and I may just have to have both meals be these tacos!  *The service was great as well. I've heard people say this place is "gay friendly". This day and age, "friendly" anything is wonderful. But seriously, our server/bartender was very knowledgeable, friendly, and prompt.   I can't wait to head back to dine on the patio and explore the menu more!
Overpriced & overrated.  I had drinks & dinner here once with the BF.  The bartender was super cute, accommodating & friendly. The wait staff was friendly. The food was on the steep side and frankly not so great.  Perhaps my expectations were overblown as I'd heard so many good things about TICOZ over the years.    The thing that skanked me out the most was an app that I'd had high hopes for -- a curious blend of 2 of my fave things lin life (fresh hummus & fresh guac), but it really failed as an ensemble.  The chef was super awesome & she came out and chatted with us.  Not b/c I complained or anything.  Just cuz...  I liked that.  All in all I owe TICOZ another visit b/c I feel like I missed something...but I'll have to wait until I get that raise...
I'm a pretty regular client of this eatery, and it's always good.   Chef Holly offers plenty of good, solid Southwest fare as well as some more innovative plates. The calamari is outstanding, as are the huge dinner salads. The staff are friendly and efficient. The drink specials are tough to resist. All of the food is worth trying. Do yourself a favor and drop in on the weekend for their brunch. The huevos rancheros are to die for.  Take  the screechy, adolescent rant left by a certain reviewer with a large grain of salt...it smells of personal vendetta and a need for attention.
Im a new fan.. I have been wanting to try this place and when my bf wanted to meet me for lunch near his firm .. I suggested this ..since I know its a coolmobee on yelp! Upon first walk on in.. its trendy.. and right up my liking.. It looks ultra bar ish.. yet friendly in the downtown.. They have a cool cheap $8.95 lunch menu.. but I opted for sharing the guacahummus with pita chips and pita bread with Mark and was jonesn' for the grilled peach salad.. Opting for the small and it was more than enough.. Mark got the enchiladas and it was more than enough.. Ticoz you won us over.. And its a nice touch that the chef came over to see if everyone was happy... friendly, friendly.. Love it!
I have been to Ticoz at least 5 times in the last year.  Each experience has been great- with attentive wait staff, great, fresh food, and  I always leave with a "glad I came here" feeling.  Here's a brief rundown-  1st visit I shared ticoz burgers had a Deep Blue salad.  Divine.  Loved the Sangria.  2nd visit I took my 12 year old, who had the palm frond and I the Latin passion salad.  3rd (or 4th)  visit- with friends, had a couple mojitos and shared pork tostaditas, green corn tamales, guacahummus, and chop chop salad.  Last I recall- this summer- met my sis, we had a couple mojitos, shared 2 ticoz burgers, tostadillas and lettuce wraps.  Food is consistently fresh- wait staff is friendly and attentive, and the environment exudes an "all are welcome" feel.  I appreciate the electletic melding of foods and think that their chef is a forward-thinking risktaker.  If you want prectable, go to Applebee's.  If you want something more cutting edge, Ticoz is it.    Note- on the "good for kids"  --no kids menu.  If you have older children, or those attune to dining out (fast food doesn't count) they will be fine.  If you have precious fidget-worms, they won't be very happy here.
I'm a little bit in love with Ticoz right now.   What did it? $2 margarita Wednesdays, of course! Delicious and strong. We've been going weekly to taste all of the different flavors. The passion fruit one is my favorite at the moment.   The martini's are also fantastic, but I can't afford those all the time :)  I don't always order food, but when I do I am pleased as punch. I had veggie enchiladas and everything on my plate was delightful. I've also had the caesar salad, which was crisp and zingy and perfect.   I'm happy with the service. Ricky is my favorite. I also adore the sweet young man who works the bar.   We had a weird experience the other night though, when an employee kept hitting on my date (HELLO! GAY RESTUARANT! SHE'S A DYKE, BACK OFF! Silly boy) but that has never happened before.   Now that we have a card that tells us what the daily drinks specials are, we will surely be back more often. We'll be there on Wednesdays, of course, if nothing else!
Monday night and I was already downtown for this Inside the Trenches thing and I was hungry.  My friend suggested Ticoz and it was perfecto, unlike the weather that night.  A storm was brewing when we pulled into the packed parking lot, so we decided to sit near the windows in the lounge area of the bar.    We started off with Sangria.   He had the watermelon and I had the passion fruit.  Both were delicious.  The watermelon was made with blush wine and came with a big slice of watermelon.  So, I guess you really need to like watermelon if you plan on ordering that.  I preferred the passion fruit made with red wine.    For dinner I ordered a big ol' burrito covered in cheese and my friend got the tacos.  Everything was great and let me tell you, that burrito was the biggest thing I've ever seen.  Bring a hearty appetite.    The server was super friendly and talked me through all his favorites since I couldn't make up my mind.  The best part of the night was when a complete stranger offered us a piece of her birthday cake.  Isn't that sweet?  She shared with the entire bar.  I guess looking back, you shouldn't take cake from strangers but I figured it was safe since the entire bar was eating it.    I can't wait to go back and try everything on the menu, seriously I want to try everything.  The lounge in the bar has a great atmosphere and we spent hours eating, drinking, and talking.
Sit at the bar, order tacos and sangria. you will not be disappointed.*  *you might be disappointed if you do not like techno music and a wide variety of alternative relationships being showcased around you. If you like to eat/drink and have a little social interaction and have an open mind, then this place is for you.
Hole in the wall? Yes. Worth the adventure? Yes.  Ticoz is a semi-swanky oasis in the middle of the Camelback colonnade of car lots. With its sheer curtains and dim lighting, it's a nice little hideaway where the drinks are tasty and the food is delicious. I met up with a friend here for happy hour, and we sat in the bar area. They have bar snacks which are actually tapas (smaller sized portions) of some of their main dishes, so it was great to be able to order several of these and share them - and they were really reasonably priced too! The empanadas are tasty, and the nachos are alright, but my favorite was the guacamole. It's the verde you're looking for in the brown desert of Phoenix...
here goes, Ticoz, a bad review afraid. what will the owner do? see i don't harbor mal-intent and haven't  broken, TOS yet so please don't, Ticoz, jump my shit like you did that other chick who didn't care much for your food called her out, i thought that rude so risking hate mail, well, here goes the food we tried at Ticoz, blows i know, i'm sorry, wasn't good i'd dish more stars, you know i would if the host had greeted us  within five minutes, in no rush turns out he also waited tables Ticoz, you're busy, and surely able to hire someone, for up front to meet and great and seat at lunch liked our waiter, real nice guy took our order, things we tried included 'pozole'  served with lime and cabbage, oops, i'll pass next time i love posole, when done right but only managed, a few bites also the blue corn enchiladas with sour cream sauce, sorry, notta fan, too heavy and too rich   stuffed shredded chicken, gotta bitch same goes for your shredded pork torta both proteins dry, the flavor sorta like they'd seen a couple days in a steam table, tasted that way on the plus side, décor and vibe cozy, hip, way cool inside private dining room, great bar trick patio all worth more stars but the food, Ticoz, is why we came not for drinks, though I must say i could imagine, hanging out cocktails only, highly doubt i'd order food, but never say nev....maybe the chef, had a bad day
Ticoz  I have to admit, I was a skeptic after the first time I went here. The Sangria was great but I was not a fan of the food. Considering that the drinks had been so good, I decided to give it another shot, and I am glad that I did. My second visit even got Ticoz an extra star from me.  First visit:  I came here during happy hour on a weekday night because I had been really interested in checking it out. The first thing I did was order a Passion Fruit Sangria. It was amazing by the way and tasted very homemade! I then decided to get some food. There was a lot on the menu that caught my eye, but I decided to play it safe with a burrito. The waitress then recommended the tilapia, which sounded like a winner. It's then that I noticed the toppings for the burritos; there was enchilada style and queso style. Thinking that some melted cheese on my burrito would take the taste over the top, I ordered it that way. -- Let me just say really quickly that the waitress was pretty fantastic, though she sounded a bit scripted. That's understandable though considering the place started packing in a crowd. -- Now, back to the food. I was completely baffled when I saw my burrito. It was completely covered in cheese. Normally this would have been great, but in this case it was covered in what looked to be movie theater nacho cheese. Ticoz is a swanky place so I brushed it off and gave it a taste. No joke, it tasted like movie theater nacho cheese. I had no idea what I had done to my food! When I think of "queso style" I think of shredded cheese melted over the burrito via a broiler or something. The contents of the burrito were delicious, but the topping soiled their flavor (I even tried to scrape it off). I left Ticoz that night wishing that I had ordered something else to eat.  This leads us to visit number two...  Second visit:  This time I decided to go for breakfast and I am pleased to say that I had a great time. Two dollars mimosas and pork chile verde in the morning hit the spot! To condense this visit to a sentence: The drinks were just as good as before and the food was great!  I can now say that I like Ticoz and I am happy to be able to say so. My one request is for them to lay off the cheese sauce for their burrito. Now go check out their happy hour!
Ticoz is very close to a 5 in my book, which is tough because I am a picky, whining vegan(well at least that is the stereotype I am trying to live up to). They have quite a few vegetarian options that can be made vegan if you know how to order it.  We stopped by on a Sunday afternoon for our very first dining expierience.  It was fairly nice and warm out so we opted for the patio, everyone was very friendly and we were seated promptly. The place was not super busy but most everyone was on the patio and I liked the vibe. We saw others sucking down mimosa's and mojito's so we thoughy why not? We each ordered a glass of the passion fruit sangria - it was excellent. You also get a LARGE glass of sangria, not a small wine glass or cocktail glass they serve you in a more inferior establishments.  I had checked some Yelp reviews quickly(don't you love Yelp mobile?!) and figured out the corn waffle fries were a must to start with, very tasty, fresh and not the typical thrown-in-a-fryer-frozen taste.   I had the Grand Burrito with veggies minus the cheese. I am not a big coleslaw fan but the burrito came with the passion fruit slaw and I promptly scarfed it all down, delicious. I was expecting the burrito to be good but it was good in a different way, you could tell it had some different spices and seasonings going on then your standard Mexican-style fare. I might have picked up some curry or coriander, whatever it was in the yellow rice it really set the burrito apart.   Overall this place was great, no complaints besides maybe a few more items I could veganize without completely destroying the items. We will definitely be back for drinks some evening. The prices were pretty reasonable, between the two of us and our main plates, appetizers and 3 HUGE glasses of sangria the bill was just under $50. Bingo.
I really like going to Ticoz, but after tonight I left a little disappointed.  Service was good, atmosphere as good, drinks were good.  However, I do have a few concerns.   I had the lettuce wraps for my dinner. I know this is normally an appetizer, but I didn't want a heavy meal.  I asked if it would be enough for an entree and the waiter said for one person, yes.    When I received it, I was a little shocked.  It wasn't  even enough for an appetizer and I asked if it was enough for a meal.  I couldn't imagine people sharing this because it wasn't very much at all.  Not to mention it was $10.  If I paid $5 that would be understandable.  The other disappointment was the chips & salsa.  This is normally at your table minutes after you are seated.  Not this time... We received tortillas wrapped in foil with garlic butter on the side.  I thought that was strange and that now in order to get chips and salsa we had to PAY.  They have had it complimentary at your table ever since they opened, and now returning guests should not expect his anymore?  Not very impressive and it seems a little desperate to save dollars.    Like I said, I really like going to Ticoz, and enjoy the flavors and food they offer.  I just hope they don't go down the road of cheapening the restaurant by being obviously budget conscious.    Ambiance / Decor: A Drinks: A ( I had Passion Fruit Sangria) Food: A Service: B Affordability: D (Portion to Dollars Radio is off)  I will of course go back, I just hope they make a few changes and I of course will be a little more careful of my selections for dinner.
Okay...I've been there about 6 times... and, first through sixth times, each time was a step beneath  the previous visit. In my opinion they're slipping hard.  The staff is increasingly less and less aware that they are suppose to be attentive to the customers needs. Usually I weigh this adeptness of their job as a major part of the experience. Each time the staff has become more and more invisible.  The service is getting less attentive in a nut shell. The food selection I'm finding I don't care for as much as I'd remembered.  Seems they have a liking to sprinkle curry on most every dish I've tried. (*over done)  Best thing about Ticoz is the friends I'm usually dining with. Just not that thrilled about going back... to bad...
Started off with the Kiwi Chard sangria which was excellent.  I ordered my favorite the Posole mmmmmmm so yummy.  It has cabbage, radishes, pork, and hominy and the broth is a chili lime and it's just great.  I then had the chili ceaser salad which was pretty good.  The dressing was spiced up just enough.
Ticoz!!! First off this little haven is tucked away in a small strip-mall that you may pass up if your gay BFF, mother, brother, sister, homie, lover, friend didn't bring you there! Or if you didn't read a review about it on YELP!   Hands down, they get a 5 star rating for their Sangria! I challenge anyone to find a place that serves a better Sangria in the Metro area of Phoenix!   The Latin flavors that populate their menu are memorable! They make a great paella! And I love their Coconut Ginger Curry! The first time I got it I asked for Jumbo Shrimp because you can choose your meat! And the dish was to my pleasure! So quite naturally the next time I order it I asked for the Jumbo Shrimp again! Cause I am a Jumbo Shrimp kind of chiquita! The cook actually denied my request! DENIED! The excuse was because they were being used for the special of the day! O.K! So I went again some weeks later and I tried to order the dish yet again, and was denied due to the same reason! Really? I was willing to pay the price difference! This is the reason, they are not getting a 5 Star rating review!   So while I will continue to still go there for the Sangria and the outdoor ambience, I will probably stick with the tappas until I get over my hurt feelings of being denied Jumbo Shrimp for what was gonna be my favorite entree there!   Oh! On a friendlier note, the staff there are unique to say the least! But always courteous and with delightful attitudes!
Finally made it out last night. Place has a lot of hype and has been on our list for a while now. Atmosphere was great, lots of red, lots of latin hipsterness.  Our party started off with a pitcher of the White Kiwi Sangria, the Guacamus, and the lettuce wraps. I'm not as big a fan of white sangria as red, and I thought it was good but not great. I've definitely had better. The lettuce wraps were 180 degrees from what I was expecting. (the standard pf chang's type deal) They were basically a fruit and nut compote on a thin crunchy leaf of lettuce. Really really good with the sangria. I'm also not a big fan of guacamole but the guacamus (guac and hummus spread) was pretty good, and my guac loving companions thought it was amazing. Definitely a must try.  For dinner we had a pitcher of the Passion Fruit Sangria, and my wife and I split the Grilled Peach Salad w/ chicken and the Pork Torta. Both were excellent, the Torta especially. It came with huge crosscut fries and coleslaw. The flavors of the sandwich were excellent and I was bummed to have to share half of it. The sangria was pretty good but with all the hype about it being the best sangria ever, I didn't think it was quite to that level. But still, yum.  Our service was a bit slow but our waiter was super friendly and the 3 women in my party all thought he was ridiculously hot. Later in the evening he spent some time chatting with us at the table, and told us that the bar side of the restaurant is a lot of fun later at night when the restaurant side clears out. He did however forget to bring us the extra pita chips we asked for to finish off our Guacamus, which made me a sad panda. The prices for the food were pretty standard, although I thought the $26 for a pitcher of Sangria was a little steep.  I wish I could give Ticoz 3.5 stars because it really is better than your standard 3 star but not really quite up to the 4 star level that most of my favorites are. But that being said, it has a lot going for it and it's definitely worth trying because the entrees really were amazing and the menu was full of things I'd love to try. Also the weekend breakfast with $2 mimosas sounds pretty darn good to me. Will definitely be back for that :)
I was visiting a friend who just moved here, even though I have visited town plenty before. Another friend recommended this place, and it was a nice spot for a cheap drink and decent food. I had one chicken tamale and was a bit surprised it came disassembled. It was pretty good as components, just not what I expected. The platter with rice and beans was $9.95 (another would have been $11.95). Wednesdays mean $1.99 margaritas, so I was pleased to enjoy one! My friend had two tacos and seemed to enjoy them with her sangria.  Service was decent, though the waiter confessed he was not all that familiar with the menu. It was obvious when I said I wanted a chicken tamale and he asked if I wanted "shredded" -- as if it comes another way? It also took a little while to get the check to pay. All in all, it's a place I'd return to for dinner or happy hour, even with a large group. Definitely has potential and budget-friendly.
In the hunt for a happy hour near my Marks firm.. I decided on Ticoz Resto Bar.. After having such a great lunch here.. I have to say, I was disappointed.. I loved the waiter though! He was happy and on his game.. we opted for the patio.. was told the apps werent on the hh menu if we were on the patio.. Idk about that.. I dont think that is fair when places do that.. but not the waiters fault.. one thing that is cool.. restroom out on patio..:-) Drinks were good..
Each time I come across Ticoz...and invite or a lunch date.... I'm so left liking the place just a little bit less than the time before...   This time it was  the 2.00 charge for splitting my plate and sharing it with my lunch date... it's such a cheep way to charge someone for doing absolutely nothing...   I'm getting mad at this place!    Next time someone asks me to go to Ticoz... I just don't know what I'm going to say.
First of all  BIG THANKS to Alex our waiter. Saddled with the party of women celebrating, he never was rude or impatient but handled us like a pro at customer service!  He made the evening click with smoothly timed drinks and ordering.   Brought some of my friends to TICOZ  for a go away party for a friend  getting married. So glad we came here..the ambiance was festive yet upscale.  We loved the food , music , guacahummus and the the nice big table which we hogged all evening.   The gals loved the guacahummus , salsa and chips , a great start with drinks , we had wonderful entrees  like the special of chicken pasta and my delicious blue corn enchiladas which I would gladly have again.   Nice touch with the complimentary  Churro with ice cream and raspberry sauce. I will be back!
Today I re-visited this fantantic place :)  Once again, the food is extremely fresh and delicious with the right amount of ingredients. The taste pallet is quite different than the normal Latin American food restaurant, and it has a bit more of variety of spices and seasonings from throughout the more southern regions of Latin America.   The decor is creatively put together, the lighting perfect seats surprisingly comfy (no butt cramps! lol)  The waiter was polite and friendly. The food prepared in good time. Once again, and again and again "Ticoz" has made my dining experience enjoyable :)  Love, love this spot. A gem for Latin American food in Cenpho, five stars! :)
This is the first gay friendly restaurant/bar in Phoenix that I've actually really liked, and can see myself frequenting on a regular basis.  We visited on a week day night, and sat at the bar.  Our bespeckled bartender was sweet, sassy, and kept our drinks full. I also appreciated her know what was and wasn't vegetarian, and providing a delicious recommendation for the veggie/cheese enchiladas.  The chips and three kind of salsas were a yummy starter, and disappeared almost as soon as they were put in front of us.  I had a diet coke, my partner a beer, and our two friends went with mixed drinks; everyone was quite happy.  The food? Oh god.  Delicious. The first vegetarian Mexican food I've been able to find in AZ.  Everywhere else seems to have beef stock in their red sauce, but not here.  DELICIOUS! My partner got a chimichanga, and our friend one of the HUGE salads, and were all cleared our plates in no time flat.  The decor was fun, everyone was friendly, and I noticed my partner eyeing the brunch menu. Nothing like a little gay-tastic weekend brunch to really get you going. We'll most definitely be back!
I really enjoy Ticoz.  They have an eclectic menu (something for everyone), the service is always good, the ambiance is fun, and the food is always great.  I've been here a lot and have never had a sub par experience.  The chips and salsa variety is great, too.  Also, a great place for Sunday morning brunch (more for the drink prices).  Enjoy!
Great atmosphere, awesome food and the friendliest staff in town.  We sat on the patio for Happy Hour then had several appetizers.  Everything was terrific.  Great prices as well.  This is a winner.
I met James T. and Tracy P. here for dinner the other night and absolutely loved the meal (and company). The chips and salsa are stellar - I couldn't get enough of the pineapple salsa - and I might have overdosed on the iced tea, but the waiter kept bringing out refills, so who am I to turn it down?!  I had the Ticoz Chop-chop and loved the vegetables on top. Heart of palm, red beans, jicama (Jicama! I LOVE jicama but always seem to forget how much I love it until I'm actually eating it again), chickpeas, crumbled cheese, pepitas, tomatoes on a bed of spinach with a compliment-the-salad-perfectly chipolte dressing. The friends had the tacos and enchilladas and were completely satisfied.   Against the will of our stomachs, we ordered the churro dessert and ate every last bit of the tasty sticks and the raspberry sauce. (Btw: raspberries + churros = bliss.)   I was with the right people because the chef, Holly, stopped by our table for a chat. She was incredibly nice and I felt pretty cool. I love the dark red interior of the restaurant and like how trendy the place is without being unfriendly. I can't wait to go back to Ticoz to try their breakfast.
I used to live right across the street from here, I love the food!  I still drive across town especially for the brunch!!!  They also have really good specials on food and drinks, and great happy hour / reverse happy hour!  I'm actually on my way in for some huevos rancheros and mimosas!
An explosion of flavor dancing on my tongue!  The Saturday night drink special was awesome.  I was thinking it'd be a weak drink...nope...it was strong and good.  $1.99 you call Vodka well drinks.  I chose a Vodka and Cranberry...  potent!  Now on to dinner... Coconut Ginger Curry with Shrimp.  Just the right amount of spice for my sissy tongue  :)  The shrimp were succulent and flavorful.  My dinner guest opted for the enchilada and was pleased with his selection.    We saved room for dessert....how can you not with a gem like Tortilla Bread Pudding on the menu.  I really didn't think I'd like it because of the tortilla part, but WOW, it was fantastic.  Layers of soft tortillas with chocolate and cinnamon, served with a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  Word to the wise...get it to share.  It was sweet enough and big enough to send me into a delicious diabetic coma and soooo darn good.  The two of us couldn't finish it, what a shame!  We will be back!
Great Super Awesome Passion Fruit Margaritas!
Really as bad as it gets. Crap food. Over priced. Ugly, tasteless interior Bad music and music system Tired staff This place needs to either have a complete redo or it needs to close.  I would rather go down the street and eat at Applebee's, and I have never been to an Applebee's. Too many other choices now in the neighborhood for this place to go on in its present condition. Then again, there might be enough people around these parts with really bad taste to keep the place going.
40 thumbs up for Ticoz!!! I have always loved the food but have never actually been in (I tried it once when someone got take out from there for an event) BUT that all changed last Thursday when my wonderful hubs threw me a fab surprise birthday bash at a private room there!!!  I was amazing!! the room was great, spacious yet cozy, the food was DELICIOUS as expected!! and the specially ordered cake was amazing! special props to Holly the chef who even came in to say hi!!  The wait staff was super attentive and took care of me all night. A fabulous time was had by all 20 guests hence the 40 thumbs up!!
This is one of my favorite restaurant/bars at this time. The bartenders are skilled and generous in their pours, and the drink specials make drinking at Ticoz affordable. My favorite is probably the Kiwi Sangria (go there on Tuesday for 1.99 Sangria night!) with the chips and salsa. I'm also a big fan of the tortilla soup. The servers are always friendly, and the atmosphere feels like a swanky city bar without being too pretentious or over the top. Go there if you want a unique twist on Latin cuisine, and take a seat at the bar. The food specials at the bar are pretty decent.
Great place.  The staff is always awesome and always good about keeping drinks full and are pleasant.  The food is great! The only issue I have is that it does not have a  big menu selection.  One would think with such good food that they would have a bigger selection.  Oh well, they are still one of my favorites!
The food and drinks here were very good.  We waited quite a while to be seated even though it did not appear to be overly busy for a Friday night.  But, we still had a great time and enjoyed the food and drinks for sure.
Good job to Ticoz and their delicious drinks and food!  I've been there twice, and both times I was very pleased with their super loungy chic decor, sexy staff (Michael) and the beautiful wilst delicious mojito he served me!  It was tall, strong enough to get a happy lighthearted buzz, and tangy sweet! Loved it!  The price is fair, and the service is excellent!  The smiling, good looking staff make it a great place to chit chat with friends, and spend a happy evening hanging out.
I've been going to Ticoz with friends and family for years ever since it opened. It certainly does have a "city" vibe, so some people have been a bit surprised by that. But the food is good. I consistently go with people who say it's better than their Mexican aunt's/mother's/etc's similar dish. The service has gotten a little more spotty as of late, even when they are slow late at night. But the happy hour deals are great and you have to check them out. I'd still recommend it, but don't go too close to closing time.
Tortilla soup is absolutely amazing!
I have been going to Ticoz for years and loved it! BUT... last week i went with friends and the place was empty... i wondered why... then the waiter came to our table... he was rude to my friend right off the bat... unbelievable! she was nice enough and laughed it off... it left a bad taste in my mouth. the prices have risen and the food quality had declined. i ordered the nachos for us and they were horrific. the peach salad was still good though... Ticoz.... seriously right now? lower your freakin prices, quit charging for salsa and chips... hire nicer staff... or your days are numbered... just sayin"
I liked the grilled peach salad, especially since I added the salmon fillet, and my wife's street tacos were very tasty.  However, their $2 margaritas were pretty strong (IMHO), but their draft bud lights were pretty expensive at $4.50 a pop.  If you come with a large group, you will be charged a 20% gratuity, so DON'T tip (unless you really really liked your server.), because it will already be included in your tab.
Ticoz - you are near and dear to my happy-hour heart.  I LOVE your endless supply of fruity, delicious and strong drinks.  I've actually had to designate a driver just to have HALF of a mojito!  Your bar service has always been top-notch, and I love bringing friends along to try your endless selection of sweet drinks.  As for the food - I love the bar menu.  Cheap, good food that can soak up some of the alcohol.  I particularly like the burgers and the green chili with homemade chips.  Mmmm.  Is it time for a drink yet??
This is yet another little hidden gem in central Phoenix. Being a chef, I am kind of a food snob as my mom would say. So with this menu I find it stays true to what they are going for which is Latin American Cuisine. I like the simple dishes and will be back to try more. To me, simple well thought out food can be some of the best.   The prices are very reasonable for appetizers and entrees. The drinks are a little pricey but I strongly suggest the mojitos. I had a blood orange mojito and a peach mojito for about 7 bucks each and for one dollar less beer is also available. The mojitos are so refreshing with the classic mix of mint and lime which makes these perfect for the summer.   I have a motto that avocado makes everything better and so we ordered the guacammus appetizer and it was delicious and a great portion size. The decor gives you a little bit of a dark sexy vampire-esque feeling. The dining room has low lighting for more intimate dining and red leather chairs with black candle lit walls. My good friend recommended this place an we will definitely be back.
How have I not written a review of Ticoz yet?! I've become quite a regular at this great restaurant because of their Happy Hour specials (4-6:30 daily - gotta love weekend HH's) and awesome bar food menu.   I LOVE their tacos; definitely opt for the shredded chicken over the grilled chicken, they are delicious, especially with the olive crema that they drizzle on top. Nom nom nom. Some people complain that chips & salsa aren't complimentary but an order of chips and salsa is only $1.95, comes with really fresh, delicious tortilla chips and three interesting salsas and the waiters will gladly refill both for you. I have absolutely no problem shelling out the $2 for a trio of fresh salsas and good chips, rather than getting stale chips and watered down salsa for free like in many Mexican places. Ticoz is definitely a bit more high-end, alternative Mexican cuisine, but I still think their pricing is reasonable for what you get.  The waitstaff has always been very friendly, prompt, and helpful every time I've dined there. Definitely give this place a try if you're looking for a bite to eat in Central Phoenix, especially for their Happy Hour and bar menu.
LOVED this place! The happy hour is phenomenal. My girlfriend and I had each had 2 drinks, so 4 drinks total, and the chips and salsa with the extra crab dip, and one plate each for $30! It's hard to get 4 drinks for that cheap let alone an appetizer and dinner for two. Our waiter was super nice and helpful. It wasn't that busy somehow! There were only about 3 tables in their whole dining area.   I'm definitely making this my new happy hour place. The Sangria was amazing! A lot of people on Yelp recommended the Blood Orange Mojito, which I ordered to start, but my friend's Raspberry Mojito was much better. For dinner I had the Monster Quesadilla with Tilapia and it was really good and there was enough for leftovers!
Unfortunately I have to knock Ticoz down a star after my glowing review; I went back this week and as of this Monday, they have discontinued their bar menu!!!! WHY TICOZ WHY!??!?! It was my absolute favorite thing about the restaurant and the half off appetizers that they now have for their HH pales in comparison (not to mention the fact that their bar menu was available from 4 pm-close, not just 4-6:30).   I am deeply saddened by this turn of events. I'll probably still go to Ticoz because their food is good but I will always miss the good ol' days of two delicious tacos for $5.95. RIP Ticoz Bar Menu.
Ticoz is another favorite place to take out of town folks or people from outside the CenPho area. The place has great ambiance, a nice crowd, friendly servers and great original food. The drink specials are amazing especially when the Mojito's are on special. This is another place where I have yet to have a bad meal. One time we brought a friend here and for some reason that particular table has a spotlight that was in his face. The place was packed so we made the most of it. We offered to switch sides, but he wouldn't hear of it. The portions are good sized and they bring you chips (not even the best store bought) and salsa. The salsa has three varieties. When they first opened they had the best salsa in town with huge stewed tomato chunks. Now it is good, but... We like to get different things and share them here. One of the things that we often get is the tamale. We like it even meatless. I have had much better food, but they have a good mix of food, ambiance and service. I don't get here as often as I would like, but it is a regular haunt.
We all know Ticoz for lunch or dinner is fantastic.  Did you know they serve fantastic breakfast on the weekend? Oh yes, it's amazing.  First off, you can order a mimosa, bloody Mary, screwdriver, or cape cod for $1.99.  The orange juice in my mimosa tasted fresh and the champagne was not super dry like many other places use in their mimosas.  I'd say it was the largest and tastiest mimosa I've ever had. To eat, we shared the frittata with chicken sausage and peppers and the French toast sticks with bacon and fruit.  The frittata was light and fluffy.  The chicken sausage was not heavy or greasy.  The peppers were not too spicy.  It came with crispy breakfast potatoes.  Yum.  The French toast sticks reminded me of funnel cake:  soft on the inside, crispy outside, and just the right amount of sweet.  The fresh fruit entailed strawberries and cantaloupe.   Our two entree, 6 mimosa breakfast was just over $30.  It was fulfilling yet light enough that we felt fine getting in our swimsuits later.  A great choice for breakfast/brunch.
My first time at Ticoz I ordered the peach salad and it the best salad I have ever had. It's so delicious and flavorful. My second time here I thought about getting something else but I just couldn't do it. Peach salad please! Before our meal we snacked on the chorizo queso dip and the salsa trio. It was so good we finished that off in no time.  My sister ordered the tamales with beans and rice. She wasn't a fan of the food because she said it had a chipotle taste to it. To be honest I didn't think her food looked all that great. She should have ordered something else. I do love Ticoz for the hip atmosphere and the peach salad. I look forward to trying other items on the menu just not the tamales.
My sister wanted to have a girls night out this past Saturday so I decided this was the perfect opportunity to try out Ticoz. We were seated at a high top table across from the bar. Our server was a sweet & patient dude, wish I remembered his name!   For starters we each ordered a margarita & the calamari rings. I thought the margs were tasty (I ordered a passion fruit & a strawberry) but my sis thought otherwise, she didn't even finish hers, bummer. However, we both agreed that the calamari rings were amazing. The best part: the jalapeno lime sauce that came with! After chatting for probably over an hour (my sis is a talker!), we finally decided on our entrees. Traci ordered the grilled peach salad with chicken & I ordered the RPM kitchen bowl with chicken (RPM= rice, pinto beans & meat). Traci loved her salad & devoured the entire thing! I too loved my entree, all the flavors went together so well! We were both stuffed but being the dessert junkie I am I had to order dessert to go. I went with the creme brulee, flavor of the day was butterscotch. When I got home later that night I dug in & it was just ok. I didn't really get a strong butterscotch flavor, which is what I was looking for.   I would definitely come back again, specifically for happy hour!
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits): 6 Food 5 *Drinks* 7 Service 7 Atmosphere 7 Value  I don't dig this place, I don't hate this place.  It's alright, but not special.  The menu seems challenging to maneuver for some reason, and the drinks are lackluster.  But there is creativity here and I appreciate that and can enjoy exploring and experiencing it after I've gotten past the first obstacles I mentioned.  It's location is also a bit off the light rail and on an uber ped-UNfriendly road (7th St), so it's not somewhere I make it to very often.  btw: The happy hours here are pretty good.
Ticoz is a great fit for whatever you're trying to accomplish. Whether it's girls night out and sangria/margaritas are on the menu..or you're in a large group looking for a great place to get the night started, you are in luck.  I'd recommend outdoor seating and if its a short wait before something frees up, don't be afraid to hit up the bar. Passion fruit margaritas and mojitos are yum! I prefer the nightime vibe thats offered on the patio as opposed to hitting it up as a daytime spot but I've yet to have a bad experience at this place. Whether it's just the two of you and you're looking for a little privacy or you're in need of a place that can handle a little louder crowd, Ticoz is a prime spot. Spanish style vibe, great service, delicious/unique menu--what more do you need? Go there on a busy night and you're given a glowstick in lieu of a buzzer. Gay-friendly joint, and an overall inviting crowd.
Ticoz is one of my favorite places and I always have a good experience when I vist there.   With some restaurants I find a dish that I like so much that I have trouble ordering anything else no matter how good the other dish sounds, and that's the case at Ticoz.  So I recommend the outstanding Coconut Ginger Curry.  For an appetizer, it's hard to beat the guacammus--a hummus and guacamole blend--or the chips and assorted salsas.
We liked the food  a lot.  I had the calamari, which were very good, although the other dishes my friends had were better.  The dessert was awesome.  Can't wait to come back.
I can't believe its taken me so long to write a review about Ticoz. Where to begin? It's all good.   Happy Hour - I love Ticoz for happy hour. The HH menu can't be beat - awesome drink and food specials. And not just snack food - like full on tacos and sliders. Great chips and salsa, etc.   Dinner Menu - So diverse and so good! Everything from burgers to tacos/enchiladas, Asian inspired dishes and salads. My favorite dish (and always a crowd favorite) is the Coconut Ginger Curry. Don't get scared - its not one of those "Mexican Sushi" types of places, its just got a great menu and everything is delicious. Oh! We recently discovered the nachos and CRAVE them now. They're seriously delicious and so fresh - even real jalapenos (not out of a jar). Yum. Yum. Yum.   Brunch Anyone? - They have HUGE brunch drinks and the prices are cheap! So great. The back patio is a nice little escape from reality when the weather is nice.   Service - We've never been anything but impressed with the service. The staff is so friendly. In fact, we recently went for happy hour but there wasn't a seat in the bar area and the clock was ticking... so a waiter came up to put in our order early to make sure we got the happy hour pricing - even if we sat after the HH times. How nice is that?!   The vibe is good for almost anything you can think of - a date night with your hubby, a group of friends, dinner with the parents or a happy hour with coworkers.
I have been going to Ticoz for just over a year now.  What started out as just a convenient stop with friends has now turned into a great pleasure.  Over the past couple months there has been a total shift (for the better) in their service levels.  The prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is also enjoyable.  I would definitely recommend Ticoz to anyone.
I went to Ticoz earlier this year for a birthday party for a dear friend of mine. Yeah, don't think I'll be going back. While I normally love this type of place, the food fell short for me (I got the burrito) and the service was so-so, bordering on okay. They also messed up on our bill.  Too bad, was really hoping this place would be a 5-star for us.
Great restaurant/lounge on 7th street. I've only had apps there as the food is not my fav (my taste buds only). Crystal, the new bartender, is AWESOME! She is right on top of drinks, food, everything! I'm sure the other bartenders are great as well, just haven't had a chance to meet them yet. When we were there the staff was setting up for a very large birthday party that was supposed to be outside on the smoking patio. Then it started raining. Instead of displacing those of us in the bar, they were able to accommodate current customers and the large party in the dining room. The owner was right in the middle of the mix helping to move things around and get set up rather than barking orders. He seemed to create more of a family feel with the staff and customers, thus making everyone feel comfortable.   We ordered the quesadilla and the calamari. The onion-ring-looking calamari has this very light breading that was just perfect. The quesadilla was huge and filled us up quickly. There is a red salsa-tasting sauce that comes with the calamari that was very good. The other sauce (not sure what it was) didn't compliment the calamari very well. Crystal suggested the chipoltle crema sauce, which went with both the calamari and the quesadilla. I have had the chips and salsa before and that's definitely worth trying as well. All the apps are 1/2 off during happy hour.   It's under new ownership so if you haven't been there for a while, check it out again.  I also heard a rumor they are opening for lunch starting next week.  Curious to see that menu.
One of our favorite gay-friendly places to eat.  the food & service is great! ...and pretty close to home!  ...I love the Chop-Chop Salad with grilled Chicken. :)
What kind of self respecting restaurant and bar closes at 11pm on a Saturday??  St. Francis does!  Ridiculous.  Now, you may ask: "What does this have to do with Ticoz??"  Good question...  I went to St. Francis at 11:15 on Saturday to grab a cocktail and a bite to eat, but they were closed?!     ::::Looking Around Confused:::  Is this Omaha?  Or is this Phx, the 5th largest city in the US?  You close a restaurant at 11?  This place should just start getting crowded at 9:30!  Ludicrous   I decided to cruise over to Ticoz and sit at the bar.  We asked what the specialty was... the staff told us to try the Enchiladas and the Sangria.  And so we did!  Blue Corn Chicken Enchiladas with a Fried Egg on top!   Si Senor!    om nom nom!  (or En Espanol:  ohm gnome gnome)  Nice Sangria selection & I hear the Mojito's are great here.  Try the standard house red sangria with an added shot of Pomegranate Vodka... Es Delicioso!    Great outdoor patio and nice indoor dining area.   I'll be back... after 11pm.  Gracias.  Edit:  Ok, so i went back again the next day.  Not because it was that good, but just cuz i was in the area... ummm... yeah, thats it.    Had the crazy fancy mac n cheese with pork... Daaaaamn smokey!   It was veeeeerry good.  Try it.
This is another of my local little jaunts. I usually will pop by for a glass of wine and the guacammus dip and monster quesadilla. They are both yummy for my wine filled tummy.  I'm big big on my outdoor patio's and this one a swinging couch. I feel like I'm at home but getting waited on! Gotta love it.....
I came to Ticoz with the bf after buying a coupon on Groupon.  We had a wonderful experience! Our waiter was Jorge and he is probably one of the nicest people I have ever met! He had great drink suggestions and was super pleasant to have as a waiter.  For food we had the trio of dipping sauces and the sliders.  Both were great, and I will be back soon.  Great food and great service.
IF you are looking for a place for a large group--this is it.  The patio is perfect and even has heaters. Awesome Happy Hour.  I mean--awesome.  Check it out.  Everyday! The servers were awesome.  I wish I knew their names, but they worked their tails off for our group of 30.
Oh Ticoz....your food is still delicious...but I think you have let your head get a little too big!   Ticoz is now open for lunch again after a long drought, I was excited to see this, and went to lunch there the other day. Well, I was happy to see the inside had made some nice changes, but what wasn't nice was the absence of a lunch menu! Ticoz used to have really good lunch specials, tortas, barbacoa...mmmm....but now, you just have to order off the regular menu....and they raised the prices! I have a hard time paying $12 for a burrito at lunch, even if it is delicious.   So we order off the regular menu and I await the delicious pineapple salsa and chips.....and wait....and wait.....where is my salsa? Well, we find out, that they don't give it to you for free anymore, you have to order it! What???? First you raise the prices and then you take away the free salsa....no bueno!   I find it hard to believe that Ticoz will sustain any decent lunch business at these crazy prices....I don't mind going for dinner....but they are off my lunch list....and I am still annoyed that they charge for chips and salsa now!
I like everything about this place. The decor is nice and appropriate. The paella is as savory as it should be. The salads are delicious. And the sangria is wonderful. I'll be back.
Really more like a 3.5. Good enough for another shot and worth inviting a a friend or two to come along.  Saturday at 3pm: Our waitress was friendly and attentive. Service was prompt. Atmosphere was laid back. Trio of dips was pretty tasty gotta say quite filling for two. The chips were good. They were halved (flower?) tortillas, deep fried in house I'm pretty sure (they were still warm and shiny when they got to us).   I had the house enchiladas plate vegetarian style. Tasty but greasy. The rice and beans seemed over salted to me. My boyfriend had the tacos plate via shrimp.  He was super impressed with the food (he's not a Mexican Foodie like me though). The presentation was nice. We had a couple happy hour drinks which were OK.  I thought the food overall was a bit greasy and salty.  Granted, Mexican style food are not really known for being healthy. The only reason I ordered the dips and enchiladas was that this was the tail-end of our vacation and I was still ignoring the proper nutritional ratios meals should contain. We'll be back but I'll be trying out some lighter fare as the menu had plenty of other choices I glossed this time.
Okay, I'll start by saying when I was younger, I never wanted to try new things -- fairly shy when it came to new ventures.  However, as I got older, I guess my taste buds grew up as well.  At any rate, I was told to give this place a try a few years ago and I've been going back ever since.  It's like a Costa Rican/Southwestern/Mexican combination of pure goodness.  Yes, the food is quite rich with substance, ingredients, a blend of unique combinations, yet every bite of every entre I've had over the years has been incredibly good.  The chips and salsa are great too.  Also, if you have any room left in the tummy, definitely get the banana/chocolate tortilla -- holy crap.    Okay, the service is usually really good and sometimes it's slow as can be -- they always seem to be moderately busy during the weekday and crazy busy during the weekend.  I'd go on the weekend because when it's not as busy during the week, the servers tend to forget who's around and you constantly wait to fill the belly.  That's all I'll say...  Check it out though.
Ticoz, my love, what has happened to you?!  There was a point several years ago when I dined at Ticoz several times a month - it was my favorite restaurant!  They had great (free) salsas with chips, heaps of salads, a consistent and attractive wait staff, great bartenders, and delicious food.  These days, just about all of that is gone.  My final straw with this restaurant came last night when I realized they no longer serve their 3 different salsas (pico, pineapple, and hot).  They just have 1.  And its your typical run-of-the-mill "mexican food salsa" - something you would find at Ajo Al's or Macayo's - standard, boring.   The portions seem smaller and greasier than they used to, while I'm pretty sure the prices have gone up.
Que sera, sera... This is the second time I have eaten at Ticoz. First experience was better then the second. Stopped on for lunch on a lazy day of holiday vacation. The place was sparsely populated. I had the Cuban sandwich (wheat bread - asked for white). It was actually quite tasty. Pork was good and the ham was tasty. The bread was not what I expected, but I could work with it.   My fellow diners had shrimp street tacos, tortilla soup, and the pork torta. The tortilla soup was tasty. Did not try the tacos, but my friends found them to be bland.  I am not really sure what to make of Ticoz these days. The food was pretty good, but it seemed to be missing something.
These are the items you should sample at Ticoz:  -Blood Orange Mojito.  Do not dare to get another drink because it will be a mistake.  -Corn Tamales with Shrimp.  Mix the tamales with the shrimp and some beans on your fork.    -Carnitas Sandwich.  Tastes like brisket.  MMM...  -Waffle fries.  Crispy and covered in some corn spice thing.  -Nachos Montanas.  Huge and loaded with all the right ingredients.  You're welcome for the suggestions :)
I was here for Wednesday lunch using my handy groupon that I purchased recently.  The waiter was pleasant, and recognized I was busy checking voicemails and emails and didn't engage me in needless chit chat.  I ordered a couple of beers and the New York Strip with a ceasar side salad.  The steak was cooked perfectly to my liking and had a tasty sauce on top of it.  The carrots were cooked just right not too mushy or crunchy.  I wish Ticoz would restore some of the pricier items back to the menu as this like others are their crown jewel.
Happy hour and the weekend brunch are the way to go at Ticoz!   Happy hour includes a pretty generous half-priced discount on specialty cocktails, wine, wells and drafts. For a high-falutin' happy hour barfly like myself, this is an ideal situation. The sangria is crazy delicious here, with three fancy pants fruity varieties. The passion fruit sangria is one of my faves since it's a more traditional take on sangria, although the watermelon blush and kiwi chard are close seconds. The margaritas and mojitos are also pretty ace, with fancy flavors like blood orange.  A couple of apps are also discounted during happy hour for five bucks each. The chile pulled pork soft tacos were so flippin' awesome and filling enough to serve as an entire meal. Their avocado crema and some other type of colorful drizzle atop the tacos were super tasty, as were the pickled onions. The corn crusted waffle fries are also super fantastic. Lettuce wraps, eh, just okay. Interesting ingredients like dried cherries, mango, pineapple, pepitas, and macadamia nuts, with a tangy vinaigrette that kept it from being sickly sweet (as the Fez lettuce wraps trend toward at times-- sorry Fez, still love you!)  The brunch is also a staple for our mimosa-imbibing crew. Two buck mimosas? Yes, please. They'll sub cran too if you prefer a poinsettia. The southwest eggs benedict are my weakness during brunch. Two perfectly poached eggs atop chorizo-lined cornmeal cakes, smothered in chipotle hollandaise. Holy fricken orgazmotron that meal is delicious.  I also like that I have yet to see children here. Ignore your howling crotch fruit for a morning and enjoy a mimosa or a specialty cocktail before noon. Makes life worth living.
OMG!  My food was so tasty.  It was First Friday, and I called ahead.  They said they were booked up but come on in and they'd make it work.  They did, indeed.  They were insanely busy, but we opted for seating in the full-service bar.  The wait staff was fast, discreet, helpful...I can't think of enough positive adjectives.  I got the pork enchilada thing.  It came with super garlicky rice, yummy smokey beans and a dab of masa.  It was SO CRAZY GOOD!  I'm not a fancy-drink girl, and I found the beer selection a little disappointing, so they lose one star.  The atmosphere is chill and urban.  I love this place and will most def be back there.  BTW, they have a nice large room on the side of the main dining room that would be great for a larger party.
Whoever thought that sweet corn tamales and tilapia would go well together?  This is my favorite dish at Ticoz.  I get a craving for this unique dish and drop by every couple months.  The food here is consistently good; the service, meh, not so much.  But I don't let that deter me from coming back because the food is that delicious.  As for cocktails, I usually get the margarita but once I tried the sangria and it was gross, it tasted like flowers, weird I know.
Weekend brunch @ Ticoz was one of the best brunch dining experiences I have had in a while! Service was stellar, atmosphere was heavenly, & brunch (I had the Eggs Benedict) the best I have ever tasted! BTW, I travel 80 % of the year and eat out across the country... Ticoz Resto - Bar, I will be doing again before I leave Phoenix.
Went back on a week night.  Ordered the exact same thing, except with the Passion Fruit Sangria.  I didn't like it nearly as well.  The rice was not as yummy, and the beans were a bit TOO spicy.  Maybe it was the difference between the Negro Modelo and the sangria.  Who knows?  The service was still top-notch.
Food is unique and tasty. I got the grilled burrito with pork and let me tell you, I was extremely impressed by the succulence of the pork and the big array of flavour in my food. It's definitely not Mexican but a melting pot of all the different Latin countries. I was not much of a pork fan until I ate here with my wife. She got the chili verde enchiladas, those were spectacular!  Will definitely be going back!
It had been a few years since I had been here, but my previous experiences were always enjoyable.    The food was very tasty (had nachos), service so-so, but I got a dramatic and painful case of food poisoning.  Definitely won't go back.
I have been to Ticoz on several occasions since under new ownership, and what a refreshing change. The food is great, the service very catering, and the ambiance fits every occasion. I have even taken my in-laws when they are in town and catered from Ticoz. I recently read a couple negative reviews and feel like those individuals perhaps were having a bad day. The owner, Joe, definitely knows how to run a restaurant and actually works the floor checking on guests and making sure staff has adequate support. We have decided to dine on Valentine's Day and I am sure it will be another great experience. THANKS TICOZ!
I feel like I've been all over with my reviews for this place, but don't worry, this may be the last update. My last experience at Ticoz was awful... It seems like as soon as Lola Tapas closed, everything went completely downhill. The happy hour went way up (used to be $2 sangria on Tuesdays now $3.50), they hired a new staff, service became crap during busy hours, they altered their menu (to cheapen it up) - like Kat S said, there used to be 3 salsas that came with freshly fried chips...now, there is one crappy salsa that, last time I visited, came with cold, stale chips - and to top things off, their sangrias lack the greatness in flavor and quality that I once saw in them.  It really sucks to regularly go somewhere and watch it crumble. Ticoz initially ticked me off, but then won me over for the longest time. I recommended people go there and have a great experience (and sangria), but like any roller coaster relationship, the highs and lows are beginning to take their toll on me, and I know I need to just let go. I may wind up at Ticoz if a friend of mine wants to go, but I won't be leading the pack there anytime soon. #sadface
Great local spot! Blue Corn Enchiladas, Guacahummus, and a new twist on the Lettuce Wraps make this place a winner, winner chicken dinner!! Not only is the dinner great, but also I love that you can order breakfast in the late afternoons on the weekend. We consistently have great service and I highly recommend it for date night. Thanks for keeping it real Ticoz!
One month in retrospect, 3,000 miles away, thinking about Ticoz is making my mouth water. This is the perfect restaurant: savory food, spot-on service, cozy atmosphere.   My sister and I shared the tortilla soup, which was amazing, just the right saltiness and a more than generous helping; the blue cheese cobb, which was fresh, pilled high with a long list of ingredients and also impressively sized; and the blue corn tamales, which were distinct and hearty in their deliciousness. I can't remember what my parents ordered, but they were equally impressed.   Our waitress was the sweetest and very helpful in advising our orders.  One of the best meals I've ever had.
In response to CLYDE, I am an internist, and fully comprehend and am able to diagnose the difference between flu and food poisoning.  Too bad the health department didn't swing in on SUN.  They would have had a field day with your place.  And I seriously doubt they were there on MON anyhow.  I think you're merely trying to cover your tracks from yet another health department violation.  For those interested, here are a list of the health department violations from this place:  http://maricopa.gov/envsvc/envwebapp/tabs/results.aspx?navigatedFrom=inspectionResultsDrillDown&in_insp_id=1484680&cat=02&type=01  That's 10 violations in one inspection alone.  Yeesh.   RESPONSE TO CLYDE:  LOL!  Perhaps if your restaurant spent this much time in safe food handling, you wouldn't have so many people complaining about sanitation.  You have some great excuses,and I know you'd like to think they're valid.  I have never known a soul that works at your place.  Nice try, however.  And linking the TRUTH about your restaurant is not slander.  Please educate yourself on the meaning of the word to begin with.  ;)  I do hope you know, the more you continue to lamely attempt to refute my claim of food poisoning, you make yourself and your restaurant look even worse.  Since you've started posting, I've received over 25 emails from viewers of the review thanking me for my honesty, and blasting you for making yourself look foolish by your petty responses to a customer.  I'm sure you are aware your nasty approach here only supports others claims of the management and staff being surly and bitter.  Or, maybe you're not.  ;)  So, do feel free to try and attack me and discredit me further.  I'm not the one with a filty dirty restaurant (and accompanying violation record) that's making people ill and losing customers, and I'm not the manager who is creating an even bigger PR problem for himself.  Have at it!  ;)
After Little Lady and I left Ticoz I had two main thoughts running through my head:  1. Dang, those were some good enchiladas. 2. Why do they have full length IKEA mirrors mounted sideways on the wall?  We have that in our bedroom! *snicker*  Overall service was ok but not great, the food was good, and the decor/ambience was a bit of an enigma.  It was kind of odd that we had to specifically ask for a desert menu as our server was trying to give us the check--almost as if they wanted us out the door!  My only real complaint is that they charge for chips and salsa, and the salsa is relatively mediocre.  In my opinion chips and salsa is such an integral part of eating at a Mexican restaurant I put a lot of weight on it.  It just sets the stage for the meal...and shouldn't be that hard to get right!  I'll give them kudos for the enchiladas as they were cooked well (not too greasy or soggy) and the complimentary valet.  As a whole, Ticoz is a decent option if it's in your hood but I can't imagine going out of my way to eat here again.
Holy Sweet syrup! As Hottie and I continue our quest to find a decent Mexican restaurant, again we leave feeling a bit defeated.  Ticoz looked promising; they have a diverse menu with lots of vegetarian options, decent prices, and happy hour. Arriving at about 6PM on a Friday, the parking lot was full, so we took advantage of the complimentary valet.   Although the restaurant was pretty full, we still managed to get sat right away.  Eager to try one of their signature drinks, I asked for a recommendation from the server.  He wasn't particularly helpful, so I just picked what sounded good to me, a lychee mojito.  I should have figured out when they offered so many flavor options for both the mojito's and margaritas, that they would just be adding syrup... and I lot of it!  Let's just say I am not a huge fan of overly sweet cocktails, so I was not a fan of the lychee mojito. Next I tried the signature margarita with no extra "flavoring". This was much better but still a little sweet for my taste.  For dinner, we started off with chips and salsa. The chips were good, they were thick cut and prepared fresh, but lacked salt.  The salsa was okay, nothing special, similar to what you find at Baja fresh. Unfortunately we ended up with a handful of extra chips and an empty bowl of salsa... and were not offered a refill.  For dinner I ordered the blue corn enchiladas vegetarian and a side of black beans.  This was by far the best part of the meal. The enchiladas were packed with flavor and not greasy at all. There was just enough cheese to satisfy my cravings, but not make me feel guilty about eating it.  Also, the vegan black beans were sooooo good, not sure what the smoky flavoring was, but I want that recipe!  For dessert we ordered a blonde brownie topped with ice cream.  The brownie was great, but the ice cream tasted low grade.  Overall, I would go back if I was in the area for Happy hour, but would definitely not make a special trip to Phoenix for Ticoz again.
Last night Laura A. and I went to dinner at Ticoz for Valentines Day.  They had a special menu which was a 4 course meal and they offered a wine pairing as well.    We started with a appetizer plate that had Guacummus, Calamari, and lettuce wraps.  I love their guacummus it's full of flavor and a perfect blend of two great things.  The lettuce wraps are very good as well very unique with chicken fruit and nuts in them.   Next course was the salads she got the mixed greens and I went with the Latin Passion which comes with Baby spinach, field green mix, jack cheese, corn, tomato, pinto bean, cilantro, green onion, crispy tortilla strip, and a tropical spicy dressing.  The salad was awesome but also filling which was going to be a problem as I haven't even got to my main course.    So for the main courses she got the New York strip with chimichurri and grilled shrimp.  They were good and the steak was very good.  I went with the chipotle chicken which was good but lacking that chipotle flavor I was hoping for.    Lastly we got our dessert to go because we were both just stuffed.  We got the empenada which was great a few hours later.    We washed down our meal with Laura getting a glass of temperinillo and I had a lychee mojito and it was sooooooooo good.    Ticoz is a great spot to chill and have a nice meal I totally recommend it they have a ton of great items on the menu and great drinks to wash them down with.
Had to give this only 3 stars because--for some reason--either the food was too rich or something was wrong, I got really sick after eating there.  I haven't thrown up in years (literally), so this was shocking to me; however, I can say the food was decent for a burrito and the service was really great from my waiter.   The waiter suggested putting a white cream sauce on my burritto for $2 more, and I ordered chips and salsa (again, $2 more), but he was right.  The sauce made the burritto even better.  But, then again, maybe it was some cream in the sauce that made me sick?  Regardless, the food is definitely decent here (not fabulous, not marvelous but very good sick or not). I would go back there if I was in that area again and hungry just to see if it was me or the food I got sick on. One more thing:  For ceviche lovers like me, don't bother ordering it here.  Why?  Lots of tomato, lots of onion, teeny tiny bit of shrimp and absolutely NO lime or lemon taste at all.  Not even mediocre quality. Surely cannot compare to the fantastic ceviche loaded with citrus flavor I had at Az88, and for $11 Ticoz should be ashamed of themself.   I will say the piece of roasted corn thrown in was delicious, tho. If Ticoz wants to cut corners on quality then they should cut back on their prices, too....fairs fair here.
Ticoz was unexpected. Nothing is better than walking into a restaurant with the sense of the unknown lingering all around you. My wife and I arrived at Ticoz ready to celebrate. The atmosphere was lively yet pleasent for a Friday night, you didn't get the sense they were busy, even though the parking lot and valet were full. I do recommend making reservations in advance, just to avoid any wait. The bar and seating area are seperated nicely, and the restaurant as a whole is well organized.   Bring on the food!!! We started with the fried calimari and chips with salsa. The calimari was standard, nothing really to write home about. However, the chips and salsa were great. The salsa starts very fresh and mild, but slowly opens up with greater hints of heat. Then came the main course. Green Chili Enchilada's with a fried egg on top...could be one of the best dishes I've ever had!! If you visit Ticoz for nothing else than this dish, you will not be disappointed. To accomodate the enchilada's was a great fresh Sangria that changes with each refill, the sign of a great Sangria.   Ticoz is very affordable, has great food, and good customer service. Go for one dish, go for more, but primarily...GO.   Ch..ch...ch....check it out!!!
Great!
I am a big fan of Ticoz. I've been going there for a few years and have tried quite a few items - and have never been disappointed. I recommend the Street Tacos - my favorite is the shrimp. The Street Tacos entrée comes with pinto beans and rice (well worth it) or you can get just the tacos in the bar during happy hour for about half the price.   Their calamari is awesome - especially with the spicy jalapeño lime sauce on the side. Sunday brunch has been excellent, and the mimosas are great.  Inside, it has a modern decor and they have a really nice patio out back.  I've introduced a bunch of people to this place and they all loved it too. I've never had a bad experience.
From the Atmosphere to the food this place has it all. The perfect hangout place for happy hour and the food is amazing too! I love the blue cheese burger highly recommend it everyone!
Crazy good food and the staff are amazing.
Threw a baby shower here and it was awesome!!  It was raining out, so the beautiful courtyard was out.  We instead had the private dining room which was perfect!  There was about 15 of us and there was plenty of room for everyone plus all the presents.   Our server was awesome.  Very patient and ran everything by me to make sure everything came out at the right time.  There was no issue setting up the bill so each person was responsible for cocktails and one check for the food.   Everyone loved the food, of course.  I loved not having to host at my house and clean.  They had no problem with me bringing in cupcakes, although they said the chef/owner can make a mean cake for special occassions.  There's a good chance I will throw a private party here again and will definitely try out the cake. Another plus for Ticoz!!
What to say about Ticoz? Mojitos! The food is good, I love the courtyard, and their happy hour prices are phenomenal.  FYI, it's not just drinks, they have an appetizer happy hour menu that you pretty much have to beg to hear about.  All in all a good experience, I've had better food, but this is a fun place.
From the minds of Fez and Switch.  Ticoz is their answer to craving that cute cabana boy.  The food is delish (Latin inspired but not too spicy food).  The guacamole is more of a guacahummus which is good.  The waffle fries can be hit or miss.  When its good, its really good.  When it gets cold, the corn meal becomes rock hard and the insides soggy and greasy.  The mojitos are always good and during HH you can't help but have about four of them.  The outdoor patio is great, however the misters can go on full blast and have a devastating effect on clothes and hair and there is no way to regulate the misters.  Service is kind and they dont' rush you in and out which is nice.  Great desserts (which will make up for ordering a healthy but large salad on the menu)
We had lunch at the place. Service was fabulous.  Waiter was totally dedicated, fun and agreeable. The cuban sandwich was good, but not Miami-Cuban good. The salad was good, but just so. We'd go back for happy hour for snacks, drinks and enjoy the ambiance created by the staff.
First of all let me tell you that I do not like Mexican food, so I only really go to a Mexican place under duress or with a Groupon ! In this case I went with a Groupon. Love the feel of the place - it did not feel like a Mexican restaurant - more like an upscale bistro kind of place, great decor. Had a great waiter as well. It was reasonably busy for a Thursday night, there was clearly some regulars that the owner seemed to be talking to, but he did come and check on us to. I had the blue corn tortillas with shredded chicken and I must say they were great - I ate everything on my plate and I never do that at a Mexican. My partner had a burrito with grilled chicken and said it was excellent. Only thing stopping it from 5 stars is having pay for chips and salsa - is it a given in a Mexican place. It may have been a tad overpriced too - but then the quality was above and beyond what you would normally get in a Mexican so I can forgive them. I may be converted !
So far I have been here two times. I purchased two groupons for this restaurant and used the second one today. We were here once for dinner, and once for lunch.  Service: The first time we went, we had a new waitress. She didn't seem to know that much whenever we asked her questions, but she was friendly. We had better service the first time we went in there than the second time. Today our waiter seemed like he didn't want to be there. It took him almost ten minutes to acknowledge us after we had sat down. We waited with our menus closed for almost as long. And I would have understood had it actually been busy in there, but it wasn't full. There was one large party in the back, but they had just finished right as we got there. So I don't know what his excuse is for being negligent with us. He also came around about 10 minutes after we ordered, and asked us if we were ok for now. Which made no sense. Why would you ask us that? Where is our appetizer? He also didn't ask us if we wanted anything else before he brought us our bill. Just assumed we were finished. I have to say the service here is not so good. Also, when we went in today the people working the host station were all over the place. They would answer the phones and then talk to the people who came in at the same time. Seems rude to the people on the phone. And they didn't really seem to know what was going on because they would start to take people into the dining room and then change their minds. It was just a mess today. Which didn't make sense to me because they weren't even busy!  Food: Luckily the food is what makes this place worth going to. Both times we have had the guacammus, which is basically guacamole mixed with hummus. So good. It is served with some warm pita triangles and a few chips. I don't know exactly what the policy is here for chips and salsa. They have it on the menu as an item you have to pay for if you want it. But the first time we came in here it was brought out complimentary and today we didn't get it at all. Even though almost every table around us had it. So who knows about that. Both times I also had the sweet corn tamales vegetarian style. The first time they were cold, which made me not sure I wanted to come back here. But today was totally different. They were steaming hot and delicious. The flavors of all of the food has been really good. My husband got the taco salad with shrimp the first time and loved it, and this time he got the house enchiladas with cheese. He was indifferent about these. They had a lot of salt in them, and he can't handle salt too well. But he said they tasted good.  All in all, the food at this place is definitely better than the service, and as much as I want to give this place 4 stars I just can't right now based on what I have seen service wise. So get your act together Ticoz! However, I definitely will be back again for the food.
Pleasantly surprised, great drink specials and cute outdoor seating. Food was really good and I look forward to going back!
Went to Ticoz while in Phoenix for a softball tournament and the weekend of April 9th-10th.  A friend of the team's knew the owner and took us there after the closing ceremonies on Sunday for a late dinner.  We had a party of 12 and they sat us out on the patio. Luckily there were heaters cause it was kinda chilly. Good weather for a cup of pazole to start off with..yummers. For dinner I had pork Chimichanga. So good!  Unfortunately I could not finish cause I had been drinking most of the night and my stomach was filled to the brim.  Everyone was quite happy with their food and most took left over back to the hotel to snack on later.  Service was fast and friendly. Our waiter was a lot of fun.  The owner even came back to the restaurant after he heard our friend was there and stayed to chat with us and even help our waiter deliver all our food.  Fantastic place.
One of my favorite places to go. Food is great and the patio is a nice place to hang out with friends.
Ticoz used to be one of my favorite places, I have celebrated birthdays and have hosted private room functions here. I'm surprised I hadn't written a review yet, which would have undoubtedly been a 5 star review. However, had this past Sunday been my first experience with them I may have not been so hot to go back or recommend it to anyone.   Its seems like they lost their sparkle. You used to be greeted by a friendly well dressed host/ess, this time we were greeted by a lady dressed in head to toe pink what looked like tennis or work out gear, complete with a sun visor on. When I go to a place that is asking me to spend $9-18 on lunch, in a setting such as Ticoz (which I love how cozy and dim it is in there) I expect the staff to look like they at least put an effort in.   Our waitress could have given two sh*ts that we were there. We ordered chips and salsa (which used to be free there, but now you have to pay for them, whatev, its $2) It took longer then it should for them to come out. We placed our lunch order and waited and waited. We were there with a couple, my girlfriend and I split an order of fries and the lettuce wraps (both were good) those came out after a good 30 minutes, and it was seriously not busy in there at all. Our husbands food did not come with ours and they were told it would be "any minute" another 10 minutes goes by and the waitress comes flying over with their food, doesn't apologies and takes off as my friend is trying to request another drink.   I've been hearing things here and there on Yelp that Ticoz is going down hill and didn't want to believe it, but after our experience this past weekend I am a little sad to see what has become of one of my once very favorite places to dine at.   Please pull it together Ticoz! The food and drinks are always awesome.
I'm giving five stars for the awesome food and the Sangria. If you go during happy hour you can get some great nachos or calamari. $12 pitchers of Sangria on Sunday are awesome, but prepared to get your ass kicked if you kill too many pitchers. The bar area and patio are really nice as well. Where this place loses points is the attitude of some of their bartenders. Some are nice but some have their noses so high in the air it's amazing that there's air to breathe at that altitude.
My friend lucy and i just love coming here for the half price.mojitos. one of the best ones ive had!!!! Food is filling. Great management
One of the most disappointing things in the Phoenix Metropolitan is that restaurants close extremely early on weekdays.  That is not the case with Ticoz.  I was driving around Downtown Phoenix looking for any place to eat after picking up my friend at a nearby hotel.  We found a quaint little place that was illuminated, and we decided to give it a shot.  When we came inside, it felt like we are at a lounge in Hollywood.  There were not many people, but the few customers who were dining or drinking seemed to be having a great time.  We ordered a hummus appetizer and ordered some drinks.  I have not had a sangria since the Wynn Sunday Champagne, and I decided to go with the Watermelon Sangria.  Next thing you know, I ordered 2 more sangrias of different flavors.  It was absolutely amazing and the prices are pretty reasonable for drinks.  I had great service and felt like I have been a customer for years.  Ticoz is a great find if you are wandering around for a cool place to chill in Downtown Phoenix.
The two times I have been here the food was very good.   The service and management are absolutely atrocious. Once we were rushed through our meal because we were sat near closing time. That time it was not the manager doing the rushing.   Even better, on Sunday of Memorial Day weekend, myself and my girlfriend brought another couple that we had told about Ticoz. We arrived at 7:30 and the front door was open. The special board listed some excellent specials, some kind of Pork Chili Macaroni and Cheese (there Mac n Cheese is phenomenal!). After looking at the board and discussing seating amongst ourselves, the manager approached and told us the kitchen closed 45 minutes ago and they were closed for the evening.   Come to think of it, when we pulled up a car was pulling out after a driver got in. Also, as we left another group (5 nurses) showed up. as we got in our car another two vehicles pulled up. We counted 16 people they turned away in the 5-10 minutes we were there. I made snide remarks to the manager he exclaimed, "We had no one here for 3 hours!" Which bothers me for two reasons: first, it is very hard to believe and I think he was lying; second, of course you wont be busy on the Sunday of memorial day during the regular dinner hour. Everyone was at barbecues or pools. However, the late dinner hour will be busy. This has been true for bars and restaurants for a long time.   Ticoz might be good, if you don't get rushed or told to leave. Me, I'll spend my money at a place that wants it. If Ticoz thinks I can go somewhere else...I do too!
I REALLY like Ticoz.  I went there with a Groupon (wanted to check it out but the 1/2 off Groupon sealed the deal).  First of all before you go, read the menu w/ all the specials.  Its a bit complex but everyday there is not only a rad happy hour but also a drink item that is super cheap ALL day long.... same goes for food too!  Lots of times when food/drinks are quite inexpensive ... you know they are cheap... quality/service etc. is poor.... NOT the case at Ticoz... its a $3 sangria disguised at a $10 sangria  :)  The sangria was beautiful and delicious.  We tried both the passion fruit and the white kiwi (passion fruit was the best!).  Also got a mango mojito... also pretty and tasty. The lettuce wraps were only slightly disappointing.... once again very pretty but they had dried fruit, nuts etc so it tasted more like chicken salad in a lettuce cup.... not your typical 'mexican/asian' flavored meat. It wasn't bad, just not what I was expecting.    The place itself is a great mix of swanky, lounge and classy.  There are chaise-like lounge chairs around the bar area and the outside seating is really lovely.... enclosed in a wrought iron fence complete with lots of foliage.     Totally going back there with or without a Groupon! I am sold!
I used to go to Ticoz all the time. The burgers are great and drinks incredible but it was the service that made this place stand out. The wait staff and bartenders were great! Now with their new owner I've noticed a lot of changes. Valet (don't know if that's actually necessary but ok), changes in their menu and higher prices. I'm fine with all of that but what I can't get over is how awful service has become there. With the exception of the blonde bartender (sorry I forgot her name, thanks for the strong drinks btw), the service is mediocre. The last two times I've gone there, friends I took who are not regulars even commented on the poor service.  I hear their profits have gone up since they've changed ownership. That's fine but unfortunately, they lost me as a customer.
There was a time when I would've given Ticoz 5 stars. This used to be my go-to spot for great food, friendly people, and a cool (but not too cool) vibe. Sadly, it's become a more pedestrian version of its former hip self. The decor is fine, and the sangria is still delicious, but the food and the mood are in decline. Ticoz used to offer such unique delicacies as cinnamon chicken flautas, beef empanadas (BIG ones...not the mini versions that are more puff pastry than anything else), and cocoa dusted chicken tenders. On the rare occasion that I would foray in the realm of entrees, few things were more delicious than the chicken palm frond. While the food is still tasty, it doesn't seem to dazzle. Likewise, the personnel doesn't dazzle. Not that Ticoz was ever stocked with ebullient, outgoing personalities, but it seems on most nights that the service staff can't wait to get the heck out of dodge. Nobody has been downright rude...but nobody has been particularly welcoming either. I miss the old guard, the old menu, the old Ticoz.  I'll come back for the occasional app and pitcher of Sangria, but this is no longer my first choice for a weeknight happy hour or girls night out.
Just tried thus place for the first time after buying a Localdines certificate, and it was fabulous!  Great decor and very friendly, helpful staff.  Our server had great recommendations and wow, was the food good!  I had the grilled vegetarian burrito with the cream sauce and it was definitely one of the best veggie burritos I've ever eaten!  My boyfriend had the blue corn enchiladas, and he about licked his plate clean!  We will definitely go back!
My fiancée and I ate there a couple weeks back on a Groupon. Overall, we had a nice experience. We came early so the dining area wasn't crowded. We had drinks, an appetizer, and entrees. She had the special, which was pumpkin crusted tilapia and I had a grilled chicken burrito.   I thought hers was outstanding, while my burrito was just OK. It was a step above Baja Fresh in quality, but not much better. Reasonably sized, but a little too starchy with extra layers of tortilla, rice, and beans. My side salad was just OK too. It was rather small and the lettuce was a bit withered, although the house salad dressing was fabulous.   For an appetizer we had the guacamole hummus, which was pretty good, but didn't stand out. It pretty much just tasted like guacamole to me with a little different texture.  Our server was terrific and really added to the experience with his friendliness, punctuality, and professionalism. Overall I would give the service excellent, the food pretty good, ambience good, and value above average.
I heart Ticoz! I've been here a few times and it never disappoints. The servers are great, the bartender is great. Eating in the bar/lounge area or the restaurant is equally nice.   I had a friend who held a small bday party in their separate room which was a nice little treat.   I think they're food is delish, love their sangria and mojitos and just the overall vibe. I'm always wanting to go back.
Unlike its sister restaurants (FEZ and Switch) Ticoz had a few things to overcome, less than ideal location, a difficult name to remember, and service with a rocky reputation.  It seems though that over the last year Ticoz has started to come into it's own. Service has definitely improved and the food has remained pretty high quality.  There is one change however that I truly lament: Their chips and 3 varieties of salsa is no longer complimentary :(
I visited Ticoz yesterday after reading reviews here on Yelp. I was not sure what to expect. It was great! The prices are excellent especially considering the trendiness (is that a word?) of the place. The food was excellent and the service was good.  Not sure they really need a valet, however many other places are doing this so I am not surprised they have  the valet service. Overall I really enjoyed it and will be going back!
Huge fan of Ticoz because of the food, drinks, and service. I often go to Ticoz for dinner but I went for a Sunday brunch. They had great brunch specials and an excellent mimosa deal. Will be coming back again.
I have been to Ticoz twice. The first was to redeem my groupon, the second was for happy hour. Both times the food was okay, nothing to rage about, 3 stars. The kiwi sangria is a fabulous (5 stars), very refreshing and not too sweet for a hot Phoenix day. The server and bartenders were friendly, no complaints. Overall, nice and casual happy hour place to visit.
Used a living social deal to get me in the door for the first time. Fantastic food, and great, friendly service. Will go back again for sure!
WOW! Ok so went fro the first time and I have to say I was impressed by the minute we walked in, and I love to see the managers and the servers checking on us at least 4 times though my meal, I actually like it because I would rather have them interrupt me for a min to see if everything was ok, than ignore me and then I end up hating something and I wasn't able to have it resolved. GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE and FOOD!
You must go eat at Ticoz.  Really.  It's great.  I'm not kidding or exaggerating.  If you happen to have food allergies, things you avoid on principal, stuff you hate, or are just generally picky, this is the place for you.  Saturday night found me with two wonderful friends looking at a menu that was overwhelming.  The whole experience started much as every restaurant experience starts.  Greeting, seating, menus, panic attack.  The server (who was lovely, but who's name I cannot remember) came by to ask what we would like.  Given that all of us have some dietary challenges, we start throwing the questions at him.  He doesn't know the answers, but he vows to figure it out. Usually, this does not end well, see the open letter to our sandbar server.  We just get back to our conversation when chef Holly appears at our table.  Everything on the menu is her brainchild and she knows exactly how to answer every one of our questions.   Not only did Chef Holly answer our questions, she created an entirely new dish for one friend (it was incredible), whipped up a lemon apricot vinaigrette salad dressing with enough for leftover containers, and took back my chicken when it came covered in parsley.  All this is impressive, but what made the experience incredible was her attitude.  It was obvious that she was excited about food.  She saw the challenge in creating something for us.  She told us that no one has ever gotten sick from her food and she was going to make sure we weren't the first.   In the end, all the service is amazing, the atmosphere is wonderful, and the staff is great.  But the food is incredible!!  This is pretty important, since we were there for the food.  All around, this was an awesome experience.  So, go to Ticoz.  Chef Holly will take care of you.
Ok.... food was delicious... I think I may have licked the plate. The overall experience wasn't the awesomest tonight. The BF and I went to try this place tonight as we had a deal from phoenix Voice. We were sat by the very nice bartender (but in the dining room). This restaurant is so cute! The decor is so classy looking and they really took the time to make the details nice, including the bathroom sinks, which were really nice looking. We got a pitcher of the white sangria, as it was half off and it was really good! Our waiter was very attentive... at least at first. He made a great suggestion for my dinner, the blue corn enchiladas... holy crap, it was sooo good! My only complaint was when I said I wanted to get just the one enchilada he was a little pushy on trying to get me to get the full dinner.... I wanted to make sure I had room for dessert, so I got the smaller plate, and despite his pushing, I was glad I did because it was the perfect amount for me... no need to spend an extra 4$ on food I couldn't eat. I know he wasn't trying to be pushy, it just came off that way a little. The BF got the burrito, which was just alright. Nothing like my enchilada. Whoa... the green sauce and the cheeses and chicken all blended together in amazing deliciousness. Please order this dish. super Yum. I also got a side of the guacummus.... genius! This stuff was so tasty and something I have never heard of anywhere else. So then we wanted to get the dessert I was saving room for (although there wasn't much saved) and asked for the waiter's suggestion. He suggested the tortilla pudding... which is what we were thinking about, but then remembered they ran out! Noooo!!! That was such a let down! We didn't end up getting dessert as that was what we really wanted. It was probably a good thing though.   So finally we go to pay and they manager was unable to find my name on their Voice deals list at first... then the manager found it, but accidentally took it off of the table next to our's bill and charged my card for the remainder of their bill.... oops! It took awhile for anyone to come around, as it had gotten fairly busy and there was only one waiter. The manager was really good about fixing the problem, so that was nice. So this time it was just ok, I'm sure next time (and there will be a next time) will be better.
I have so many great things to say about the food at Ticoz and I have enjoyed eating on the patio, in the restaurant, and in the bar.  I can't say enough about the food.  (6 Stars) BUT, I gave this place 3 stars because I feel like the energy is just a little off.  I never have FUN there.  I don't know why.  It doesn't feel romantic, or fun, or what.  I am excited about the new owners, and I think I will contemplate going back...we love FEZ and have had a good time at Rebar (talk about fun energy!)
OK, so here goes the review for Ticoz.  I am glad to see that the restaurant was busy yesterday...I mean it looked really packed, which is great for the owners because they are real nice people!  The main issue we had was the server.  I think she could have been a little overwhelmed because it was so busy at the time.  She was at least friendly which really made up for it!  My bf ordered the chicken sandwhich and I ordered the beef torta.  The food took a while to come out but when it did at least it was hot.  My bf enjoyed his sandwhich and fries.  I would give my torta an E for effort!  The beef was a little fatty and it had a lot of grease coming out of it.  We also ordered the churros for dessert.  The ice cream was good, the churros were good but could have been a little warmer!  We will go back because the food is good and the people are friendly.  I think it will take some time for the servers to get use to the flood of people...nothing that cant be fixed!
My husband and I had an awesome dinner at Ticoz! Our server Andrew was excellent too! We order the Blue Corn Enchiladas and Coconut Curry Rice both were amazing! The place was busy and they still had us served withing 20 min. Parking was a bit tight...but well worth it! We use a living Social deal this was our first time. We will be back soon!
I went there for the first time after purchasing a living social coupon.  I went for a late lunch on a Sunday.  I ordered a mojito to start, and it took about 10-15 minutes for it to be prepared.  It was little too sweet, and didn't have carbonation.  I ordered the chips and salsa as an appetizer.  The chips were home made, but they described them as fried to order, and ours certainly were not.  They were nice and thick, crunch and salty, though, and salsa was flavorful and about medium heat.  For an entree I ordered the grilled burrito with pork.  The pork was very tasty, but the burrito was mostly rice and pinto beans and some sauces.  The coleslaw was supposed to be comprised of tropical fruit, but it was just your standard cabbage coleslaw, with a creamy spiced dressing.  Overall the experience was not unique.  I can find better food at similar or lesser cost elsewhere.
We used to frequent Ticoz often but, for no real reason, it had fallen off of our radar.  When we saw the Groupon we thought it would be a good time to go back.  The food was fantastic and the service was perfect.  We started off with the Trio appetizer and it was hard to decide which of the dips we liked the best.  I had the Mac and Cheese, my husband had the Sweet Corn Tamales.  Both excellent and the portions were so generous, I actually took half of my meal home.  Our waiter checked in often but was not  overbearing and he made of point of keeping or drink glasses full.  Great food and service.  We will definitely be back.
This is a super-solid four star review.  I'm reserving my five stars for the truly extraordinary.  That said, it deserves every little bit of their four stars.    Just came from a late lunch at Ticoz where my BF and I used a Groupon.  We came in around 2:30 and were asked where we'd like to sit.  We asked for "the comfiest seat in the house" and were shown to the cabana outside.   Perfect!    Because we were there at an odd hour, there weren't a lot of other customers competing for our server's attention.  He was delightful, attentive without being too present.    The sangrias were really solid - and enormous. Good balance of fruit and booze.  Our server recommended the cocount curry chicken, and with good reason.  It was excellent.  My only complaint is that the chicken was that it was obviously added after the coconut curry rice base. (Which is great, it can be a solid vegetarian option) but the chicken flavor didn't compliment the rest of the dish.  It had a sort of Latin flavor while the curry was decidedly Asian.  It was served with some tortilla chips stuck in the curry, and s it turned out, I ended up eating the chicken with the chips separately, so it was like two dishes in one.  Weird. They were both great, but if I did it again, I would sitr the chicken in to the curry myself and hope that once I did that the flavors would be more complimentary.  BF got the paella, which was a seafood rice dish.  Really really nice.  Excellent choice, and while it was a hefty $18 it could easily have been lunch for two.  Easily.  Between the two of us, we brought more home with us than we were able to eat, as my dish was also absurdly generous.  Smaller portion options would likely have been a good idea, especially for lunch.   Since we were there for a leisurely afternoon, with nowhere else to be, and reasonable expectations about the food, it was a resounding success.  We lounged, we ate, we used the free wifi.  The check came to $42, which I thought was completely reasonable.  I think that a party of four could have come in and ordered the same two plates, and everyone would have left satisfied.
We used to go to Ticoz but lately just hadn't made it over.  I did the Groupon and was very happy we did.  We had a great lunch.  We had the guacammus app and it was good but I wasn't thrilled.  We also had the burger and chicken torta.  I always like the torta but that burger was awesome.  It was so good, will get the burger in the future for sure. We stuck with ice tea since we had to work but they kept them filled at all times. The groupon thing was really cool, they zapped it right from my phone.  Everything went smoothly and we will for sure go back.
The worst dining experience I have ever had. The frozen margarita had large chunks of ice. We had to ask twice for the appetizer and our entrees when delivered an hour later were inedible. We have Groupons and Livingsocial which we will let lapse because you couldn't pay me to eat there again. This form requires I give at least one star; however my true rating would be zero.
Great food, atmosphere, and service!  The blue corn chicken enchilada with an egg on top.  YUM!
Unfortunately, I was slightly let down by the yelpers when I went to this resto - food wasn't all that great!   For dinner I ordered the grilled burrito and it almost tasted like something I could pull from my freezer and make in the microwave. There wasn't much inside other than beans and cheese - hello, what about the guac, sour cream, and salsas?!?! The slaw was not exciting either. The portions are gigantic but if the foods not very good it's hard to make a dent in your plate. Luckily we ordered a ticoz salad as well and it was hardier and more colorful than the specialty entrees.   If it hadn't been for the Passionfruit sangria I would have given this place 2 stars because I was so disappointed. The sangria was perfectly sweet and winey at the same time - filled with fruit and so easy to drink I had to drink 2 cups before I realized I was kind of tipsy. They also offer 3 other sangria flavors but the waiter recommended the passionfruit.  In conclusion, I would solely recommend this place for drinks and snacks. They have a lounge area on the opposite side of the seated restaurant area that would be perfect for happy hour hang outs with friends.
I love me some Ticoz!  After our first 5 hour brunch here, the waitstaff and bartenders remembered us down to our drinks and that we liked our bloody's spicy.  They have a great deal for brunch, menu items for $9.99 and $2 greyhounds, bloody's, mimosas, and assorted cocktails.  Also they do a $10 bottle of champagne (okay, sparkling wine) and oj.  The food is excellent, I have had tacos, the guacummus, tamales, and assorted brunch items.  The one time there was an issue with my food coming to the table late (apparently the kitchen was having a problem with egg poaching that morning) and I didn't really enjoy it - our waiter noticed and comped it off the check w out me saying a word.  I'm not much of a complainer, so I wouldn't of said anything and he went the extra mile to take care of us.  We still brave the heat on the patio so we can smoke and tell stories while we drink our day away after brunch, but I am really looking forward to the fall when the weather cools down and I can enjoy the patio without misters once again.
I bought a Living Social for Ticoz and was blown away!  The food quality and service was great!  The food is heavy - so go hungry!  We will be back!
Went back to Ticoz on Monday night and had a terrific experience.  I honestly really love this place.  The atmosphere is great and the food never let's you down.  This night I had the New York steak with chimichurri on it.  To wash it down I had a Lychee mojito which I have never seen anywhere else.  There drink menu is extensive with flavor options which make it really fun even if you are just out for cocktails.
I feel like I should right two separate reviews here. One for the mojitos, 5 stars, easy. And one for everything else, 2 starts, easy.   The mojitos are delicious, so many flavors, each one better than the last.   Everything else.... well.  My husband and I sat at a bar table. The place was busy. Our waiter took a bit to get over, no biggie. I had ordered a sangria, and he brought me a margarita, he realized the mistake before even setting the glass down, gave it to me to sip on, and went and grabbed my sangria. Very nice. After this things took a turn.  We ordered our appetizer and entrees. The trip of dips for a starter, the street tacos for me, and the grilled burrito for the husband.  I am fine with paying for chips and salsa, especially the trio of dips, which were really good, but can I get more that 3 tortilla chips? Maybe?  It took about 20 minutes to get the app, no trouble, we are enjoying our drinks and the atmosphere. But after we finish we wait nearly 45 more for our entrees. Our server is understandable busy, and is able to keep our drinks full, but that's a really long time to wait for food.  When it does arrive my street tacos are fine, my husbands "grilled" burrito is just a cold burrito. I suggest sending it back to be reheated, but he is unwilling to send his plate back to that black pit, who knows when it will be back.   So, from now on, straight to the bar for some drinks, down the street to one of the many fabulous Phoenix restaurants for good.
More of a 3.5 star experience, mostly likely 4-5 when eating dinner! Where can you find Imperial beer, other than Costa Rica, Bevmo...Ticoz. I only had time for calamari but it was prepared nicely with two sauces, the guacamole/jalenpeno sauce was not that hot but tasted good, the other one was sort of a marinara.   The menu looks simialr to Southwester/Mexican, not the dishes that I have had in Costa Rica at all but I like that that they they have the idea of Costa Rica in Phoenix. Where is the Tarrazu coffee? you can find it at Wildflower but they don't spell it correctly.  Altough the owners are not from Costa Rica, Plantains with smashed black beans would have been nice to see on the menu, you can find those authentic type dishes at Havanah cafe, but "no tiene de que qujarse."  I like the music and ambiance, the bar has convenient seating for a group, and not just tables and chairs. The wait staff is very attentive, but should have told me the happy hour specials as I was alone with my computer and ended up paying full price for a beer and appetizer at a dead time of  the day.  I think that  I'll have to bring my husband to try the paella (even though I should go to an Authentic Spanish place) and  get his take on the menu, he's a Costa Rican.  I'm looking for a place that has good chimichuri sauce, if anyone knows, please let me know. The last time I had great South american food was a place called Inferno in La Jolla, CA but they are now a new restaurant.  For authentic Costa Rican dishes, please visit: http://www.lizanosite.com/LizanoRecipes.html
Ticoz was another amazing yelp find!  Shane, the bartender, eased us into the menu (both drinks and food) and made some excellent suggestions.    It seems that there is something going on here every night, the most interesting of which to me is the craft your own martini on Thursdays.  Ask and you can get a list of the fresh ingredients available for that day and get them mixed in any combination you choose.  The food was delicious and the drinks were well made.  I was so impressed with everything and the service provided that after I left here with a co-worker on the afternoon we found out about it, I immediately came back that night with my girlfriend for dinner and drinks.  The owner was present both times and all the staff seems to really enjoy their work and helping their customers branch out and try new things and be comfortable while doing it.  Give Ticoz a chance next time you find yourself in central PHX.
So I have been a customer at Ticoz from literally day one.  I have been through the change in ownership and I have to say that the current owner, Joe, is so terrific!  He comes over and chats with us and is always so awesome and down to earth!  The food is even better lately (if that's possible) and they always go the extra mile to make your dining experience terrific.    I'm not someone who has been to this restaurant one time and is reviewing it......I am not a paid spokesperson!  Just a very satisfied customer.
I've wanted to try this place for some time. I purchased a groupon so off I went with my group of friends. We were there for happy hour. What a deal! We started with appetizers, guacammus, lettuce wraps & fresh chips and salsa, All was yummy! We ordered a picture of Peach Sangria. It was refreshing, light and flavorful but the canned fruit was in poor taste. On to the meal. Everyone said the food was incredible. I totally enjoyed the Coconut Curry Rice. YUMMY! I took half of it home.   The waitress was very attentive. polite and fun. Kudos!! I bet she enjoyed her nice tip.  Delayed review as my first visit was in August. Happy hour, well...we left happy!  Here it is Oct and I returned with a friend for weekend brunch. DISAPPOINTED!!! I had the Latin Egg  Fritatta. Key word: EGG. It was pretty much all egg with a minute hint of peppers, cheese and sausage. Very unsatisfying! I must say that the peach sangria was still...well... I left happy again even though it wasn't happy hour. Will not return for weekend brunch.   The waiter was not attentive at all. Maybe he doesn't enjoy people? I didn't enjoy his lack of service. HINT: good service=good tip. Server decides!
I've been to Ticoz several times now and finally need to give this place the kudos it deserves.  Great food, unique cocktails, and outstanding service is what earned Ticoz 5 stars in my book. When we were first seated last night, we were accidentally overlooked by the serving staff for about 8 minutes. The host forgot to inform the server he had a new table. As a result, we received two free drinks and around 7 apologies from various staff. We weren't even waiting that long.  I had the paella, which was great, and my wife had the vegetarian tamales. Both were outstanding.   Happy hour deals are fantastic for drinks and apps.  I will be going to Ticoz more often.
The mojitos!! oh yes. I just wish they were more gluten-free friendly - everything is fried or sauced or battered.  My favorites - pork chile verde enchiladas topped with a fried egg, ceviche served with a side of the sweetest grilled corn, oh! and did i mention the mojitos?!  The patio is GORGEOUS, great ambiance and great for groups. The inside is a bit dark for my tastes. It gets so quiet and dark in the dining room away from the bar - great if you want that romantic date setting.
I "heart" Ticoz! Sangria, Mojitos, shrimp tacos....nuff said!
I'm always down with supporting local businesses, but local and gay makes my heart sing.  The food is always consistent and the service staff has always been very nice.  Our favorite server, though, is Marcus.  He's GREAT!!! The passion sangria is to die for, but be careful, the buzz creeps up on you:)  I love the chicken tortilla soup with avocado crema and the paella (minus sausage) is top notch.  The only negative thing I have to say is, should you order dessert, skip the tortilla bread pudding.  We ordered it once and didn't like it, so the next time we dined here the girl that served us came over and wanted to buy us dessert because she still felt bad about it!
Ive been here several times over the years and my experiences have been varied. I hadnt been in at least 3 years and had since moved to San Antonio. Flew in for Labor Day weekend and decided to try their Sunday Brunch with some friends. I had the the Lobster Benedict and I have no complaints. The service was great, the food was great. Their only faux pas was for the host to burden. We were a group of fairly loud adults drinking mimosas and catching up. We're not causing a scene by any means but I wouldnt have sat anyone other than other adults near us. They sat  a family with at least 2 small children next to us. WTF? There were plenty of tables for them to be placed but nope next to the drinking swearing table they go? Again, no one would know we were swearing freely unless they sat right next to us. Think before you seat host!
We finally got a chance to try this place Friday and loved it. The ambiance and design of the place is wonderful. The staff is super friendly and most are very good looking. We ordered a bunch of different appetizers including their nachos, quesadillas, fried calamari, and queso dip. Everything was good, not stellar, but tasted pretty good. The fried calamari wasn't crispy enough for my liking. I left full and happy though, which is all that really matters. We also ordered their sangria, because everyone had talked about it. They have four different flavors. Their passion fruit one is by far the best, a couple of those and you will have a great buzz going on. In general I really enjoyed my experience here, and will definitely be going back for their delicious sangria!
Great service and excellent food! Nice for a date night good mood lighting too. All white meat chicken which I am a huge fan of.
A friend introduced me to Ticoz about 4 years ago.  I have been in love ever since.  I can never decide what to get on the menu because I want to order at least 4 dishes.  The torta's are amazing!  I've taken friends and family, creating more fans.  Never bad service of food.  Great drink menu.  Whether you are looking for happy hour to hang out or amazing meal, you can't go wrong with Ticoz.
Went there last night with my daughter.  WHOA!  This place is fabulous!  Ask for Jordon as your server.  He's very knowledgeable, friendly, and helpful.  I had the two corn tacos with tilapia.  Yummm!  Just the right amount of fish and veggies, and the flavoring couldn't be any better.  My daughter had the curry rice with grilled chicken.  Very large serving -- took most of it home to enjoy today.  (I think I'll eat it while she's gone.)  It had the right mix of spices and the chicken was grilled to perfection.  We also tried the chips and salsa.  Jordon said the salsa is spicy hot but could be toned down.  Since we both like hot, we said no to that suggestion.  He wasn't kidding!  It is hot!   I put it on my tacos, and it added just the right kick.
We stumbled in around 9ish on a Saturday morning and sat outside with our Ray Bans, Aviators and cheap imitations sunglasses, while indulging in the $10 bottles of champagne (technically sparkling wine). It was one of those Saturday mornings where we maintained the buzz and reminisce of the tragedies of last night. For this reason thank you for giving us this waiter. Our waiter had some ridiculous sass that was irresistible and pronounced words as if they had a bad taste, but pampered us with every request we had and disregarded our lack of table etiquette.  As for the food, I consider myself a pommes frites connoisseur. I highly suggest their French fries. They're waffle cut and dusted with chipotle faerie dust and lime supremes with the peel  Our delectable brunch: House Made Chips and Salsa: Hand cut, half moon corn chips fried to order Basket of Corn Waffle Fries: Cornmeal crusted waffle fries dusted in chili  Bake banana and white chocolate pancakes with bacon Breakfast Quesadilla with sausage, jack and eggs Big breakfast egg, potato, cheese and bacon burro Big breakfast egg, potato, cheese burro Mexican Eggs Benedict and Potatoes
Fantastic happy hour to match food & friendly staff.
Only went to this place for the Sangria (Passion Fruit of course) but, we actually got chatted up by the owner. Found that Phoenix magazine put them up on the map in their latest issue, no payment necessary. Went during the Festival of lights parade and couldn't find our way out after dinner... what a mess this cen pho traffic. I had their burrito sorta enchilada style with the creamy sauce. (sauce makes everything better) just wasn't sure it was worth the extra 4 bucks for sauce. The Salsa was bad ass, like getting kicked in the mouth... Loved it. Abso****ingloutley Love this place.
I wanted very much to be able to give this restaurant a favorable review.  However, my experience lately has been less than stellar and my friends have all had similar experiences.  My friend invited me to dinner here a few nights ago, and I was reluctant to go back after a bad experience previously but thought I'd give it another shot.  I ordered the "Pork Chile Verde Mac & Cheese", having had it before and enjoyed it at that time.  I can't believe they charged us $14.99 for a plate of elbow macaroni with NO Pork Chile Verde in it.  Sure; the cheese sauce was "okay" but at that price I expected meat in my dish.  I suggest that if you haven't been here before, or in a long while, you check your meal thoroughly to be sure you're getting what you ordered...  We won't be back.
I don't give out 5 star reviews very often, but this place deserves one, and then some.  We went early evening this last Sunday.  We walked in, and were immediately greeted and sat.  The place is really cute, very very comfortable chairs, very cosy.  Good for a romantic evening if that's what  you're looking for (I wasn't).   Our waiter was very attentive, but not very personable.  He could smile a bit more, though we never lacked for anything.  Certainly not going to mark off because the waiter never smiled, just an observation.  We ordered chips and salsa (they charge for it) and small salads.  Good on both, not great.    Then Megan and I both got burritos.  Mine was a pork with chile verde sauce on it.  Megan's was a steak with the same sauce.  Here's where it got fantastic.  They were probably the best burritos I have ever had in my life, and I've had A LOT of burritos, being an Arizona native.  The tortillas were huge and very very fresh, the chili verde sauce was also fantastic, so good that I didn't  use any hot sauce, and I ALWAYS use hot sauce.  And the filling, oh, the filling.  A mixture of wonderful tender meat and some kind of corn mixture.  I don't know what it was, but it was fantastic.  Here it is Wednesday, we went there 3 days ago, and I'm still thinking about that meal.  I can't wait to go back and try something else.  Worth every penny and the long drive.
All of their food is great. Servers always have an opinion on what you should try if you're indecisive, and they're always spot on! Bartenders are fun and always attentive, but not too in-your-face. Great place to catch dinner and/or drinks with friends or family!
I've here twice and both times had a good experience.  The food is great and the service is good.  It's a good place.
Ok so I came back here because I got another deal (I don't think this place is good enough to go without some kind of deal). I got the same thing I got last time and it just wasn't as good as it was last time. Also, we got chips and salsa and it was just ok...not good enough to pay for, in my opinion. We also did get to try the tortilla pie this time....actually not very good....dense and sweet, but not in a good way. I would say this place is fine to go to if you have a deal, but otherwise, it's kind of hit and miss.
Excellent food. Excellent service. Great atmosphere. Wasn't expecting anything great when I ordered the chimichanga. Boy, was I wrong. It was delicious and I couldn't get enough of the black beans. They drizzle some sort of sauce on the black beans that give them a great flavor. Our waiter was very nice and very fast. Our entrees arrived a lot sooner than expected, which was a pleasant surprise. And even the manager stopped by to ask how everything was.
Oh Ticoz, I have been through a lot with you.  You were good, you were bad, you were good, and last night you were not worth it.  Did you change chefs?  Do you not care so much any more?  We had the Ticoz chop salad, which was arranged like a Cobb salad.  But, three of the ingredients came from cans:  black olives, pinto beans, garbanzo beans.  Then there was spinach out of a bag, kind of dumped on top.  Messy and bland.  Our pork tostadillas could have been good, but they came out room temperature.  It wasn't busy so I don't understand what happened.  On the plus side, the Malbec was delicious.    Please improve, Ticoz.  I used to like you a lot.
I drive by this place on my way to work every day and their parking lot is often full. I was curious to see what the fuss is about, so I purchased a groupon.  My boyfriend and I walked over there for dinner one night and were hoping for some really tasty food.   We were seated promptly and our server was very friendly, our water glasses were kept full and our food arrived fast.  The atmosphere was nice, candlelight, with nice chairs. I don't like to feel pressured into buying wine, beer or cocktails, and our waiter seemed a little pushy on that front... He almost seemed surprised and annoyed we weren't ordering drinks.  But the main complaint I have is the the food was not very good.  We ordered chips and salsa, and the salsa was bland, kind of tasted like one of those 99 cent cans of salsa from food city.  I ordered a grilled chicken burrito.  I guess I should have studied  the fine print on the menu more.  The server asked if I wanted shredded, grilled, or crispy chicken. I asked for grilled and that added $2.95.  He then asked what sauce I wanted on top, red, green etc.  cha-ching another $1.95.  Not to  be the master of complaining here,  but my $12.95 burrito was now a nearly $18.00 burrito.  I know I had the groupon,  but the point is I should love an $18.00 burrito.  I should go home, think about it, dream about, tell me friends about the best burrito in town, and try to mimic the ingredients to create my at home version.  The chicken was dry, the $1.95 red sauce tasted bland, I kept wishing for some hot sauce.  The burrito was suppose to include some passion fruit sauce... there was nothing passionate about the fruit sauce, I don't think it was even in the burrito.  It was just kind of a bland sloppy mess. My boyfriend ordered the pork verde enchiladas, and I tried them.  They seemed alright.... I gave him my burrito and he who is in the clean plate club, did not eat it.   Our bill was $40.00 for two dinners and a order of chips and salsa.  The groupon helped, but even for $25.00 I felt like the food was sub par.  Anyway,  I can walk here in 3 mins flat, and I have not returned.
Ticoz is fab!  I have been there a handful of times, and finally last night I pulled myself away from the amazing tamales and tired something new. We popped in for some drinks and appetizers and I was very pleased when I found out that Mojitos were the special drink of the day (every Monday all day!). Super yummy! We also got the Guacammus (guacamole and hummus mixed) and it was so good, I wanted to just eat it by the spoonful. We also had a quesadilla with shredded chicken, delish! I ate waaay too much. I couldn't help it though. I asked for a side of the chipotle creme, a must have, to go with just about anything!  When a couple of our friends arrived they ordered some more amazing drinks, a coconut margarita that is out of this world good, and more food. She had the salmon special that looked so good, but I was too full to try and he got the green chili mac'n'cheese, that I know for a fact is amazing!  Beyond the great food, fun drinks, and awesome staff.... their patio is great for loungin', neat fire places, misters for the summer and a plenty of space.   Love it!
Whoa!  What happen to Ticoz? This place use to be awesome.    As I waited for an eternity to get a drink I looked around the place and it looked like it was in desperate need of some TLC - furniture and carpets need to be cleaned, walls need to be repainted.  The plants were all dead in the women's restroom.  This place is dying a slow death.  What used to be a happening place for happy hour was dead, it was sad hour.    The service was terrible!  We were sitting in an empty bar and it still took a while to get a drink.  My friends and I were going to order apps but they never came back to ask us if we wanted food, thank god too because we would have had to stay there longer.  We chugged our drinks and bounced out.
I have to write an update, and give them five stars and a round of applause and a high five..... The lettuce wraps are amazing! and $5 at happy hour. I literally had a frown on my face when I realized my plate was empty, almost ordered a second round to take home.   They are served with Roman Heart leaves (yum) and the filling to put in them is heavenly; chunks of chicken, dried/candied pineapple, macadamia nuts, pumpkin seeds, and this amazing dressing.
I went to Ticoz Friday night for a birthday dinner. I'd been before and remembered not being too impressed. I read a few reviews on here and prepared myself for having to Valet. I thought the atmosphere was nice. We were in a separate room because we were a large party. And no valet in sight - yay!   I thought the server was great - really friendly and prompt. He offered to do separate checks - so nice.  I ordered the BBQ burger. It was huge and came with waffle fries. It was really good and a large enough portion to take half home. The price was reasonable - under $15 with a soda. Overall I was happy with my experience. This restaurant is really close to my house and the food was good. Unfortunately there are so many restaurants in the area that it's hard to say when I'd be back but I would definitely recommend it.
I've been a fan of Ticoz for almost 3 years now. (Street tacos = amazing!) Admittedly I don't go there quite as often now that I live across the valley, but I've always considered it a safe bet. Last week I had a group of clients in town who were looking for dinner and a fun night. As they were staying in the area I immediately thought of Ticoz! What started out as a group of 6 turned into 15. I called ahead to warn the staff and they arranged accommodations for us, no problem. They seated the group in a slightly separate side room so we had plenty of room and a quiet(er) atmosphere. We all ordered drinks and different foods all of which was really, really good. Everyone in the group was very impressed - more than one even said it was one of the best places they'd eaten in Phoenix. The staff was super attentive and managed to keep everything straight and correct. We barely knew the waiters were around, but they were always nearby when something was needed. They even split the bill for all of us with no complaints or sour faces at the request. Overall it was a very positive experience and totally sealed this place as one of my favorite restaurants! Special kudos to Marcus (our primary waiter)!!
Happy hour here is always good. Not a super big fan of the lettuce wraps but the chimichanga and nachos were amazing.
Ate her for the first time. I see the reviews and it looks like a mixed. Maybe they changed chefs, something. But our experience last night was not bad at all. I like it much better than Barrio Cafe which IMO is way over priced and over hyped.  I would have to go again to get a better idea of the food and consistency. We had the chicken wraps and the house enchilada's (one chicken and one Veggie) All of it was great. Really tasty chicken enchilada! The wraps were really good as well. Nothing to really complain about here. Our server was great as well. Maybe we came on a good night?? Anyway for now I leave it at 3 stars and say this place is alright in my book.
Good atmosphere, gay friendly and an AWESOME happy hour everyday until 7p. Sat/Sun Brunch is great with a $10 make your own mimosa bucket - watch out, the enchilada sauce is sweet, but the patio is lovely and the staff is cuuuute.
One of my favorite places to frequent downtown! The blue corn enchiladas are my favorite. The wait service here is always spot on and its great that they have added a patio to the place for extra seating. Usually their steak and chimichurri sauce is spot on, but the last time my sister ordered it there was an extra "kick" to it. Odd, because chimichurri isn't supposed to have a spice kick, but she still enjoyed the dish.
A few weeks ago, I went in for a lunch to use a Village Voice Deal $15 for $30 I purchased. I ordered the Grilled Burrito with no dairy, topped with red sauce, with a side of guaccamus. The server suggested grilled vegetables inside, so I agreed. When my order came out, I reminded the server for the side of guaccamus, and she told me the cook put it inside on accident. I said it was fine, and proceeded to cut into the burrito. Inside I discovered no rice, a few beans; basically a grilled vegetable runny guaccamus mess. She came by so I apologized for being difficult but pointed out this is not what I ordered and wasn't what I wanted it. She apologized and told me the cook had made it wrong the first time, so this was his second try, and she took it back. Once my food came out, the burrito has shrunk half to its original size, but it was 2:30, so I thanked her and ate it anyway. She took my burrito off the check; so once again, I had the Village Voice deal to use.  Yesterday, I called and told the woman on the phone I had the coupon and I wanted to place a to-go order. I ordered the to-go guaccamus, which is on the menu under A La Carte. I've ordered it before, so I know it comes in a large container. I also ordered chicken lettuce wraps; the woman on the phone said I could get the lunch order for cheaper and half the size. Since I was only ordering for myself but looking to spend $30 on the coupon, I agreed with her suggestion. So as a second thought, I told her I would take the Taco Salad as well, no dairy, dressing on the side. She asked if I wanted chicken, and I calculated that this would put me over $30 so I could run a tip on my debit card, so once again I agreed with her suggestion.  When I got to the restaurant, I presented the girl at the bar with my coupon and as she was giving me a receipt for $27, I was bombarded by a flustered, rude older man in a dress shirt practically shouting at me it was dine-in only. I explained to him that I had been there before to try and use it but my order was wrong, so is there anyway I could be made an exception? He grabbed my receipt and went to the register, and brought me back a receipt for $2, saying the order went over the total. I felt bad so I tipped her $7. He walked away and I reminded her I told her about it on the phone: she took the blame and apologized. I was really uncomfortable so I went back to my car. Before I left, checked my order.  The first box had the half order of chicken lettuce wraps: check. The second was the taco salad, which appeared to me to be iceberg lettuce and grilled chicken on top, with no much else. No dressing. Then I opened the third container, which had one side of guaccamus and a million fried wonton chips. So I went back inside because the one thing I really wanted, the to-go guaccamus, was wrong. Once again I was bombarded by this older man, yelling at the server across the bar she would have to ring me up separately, while she told me that I ordered the guaccamus a la carte, and so that is what I ordered. My receipt was still on the bar, so I opened it up and looked at the bill. I had been rung up for a full order of chicken lettuce wraps, the taco salad plus chicken, and one side of guaccamus, which obviously is not what I ordered. At this point I was starting to get angry so I just grabbed my food and left. It was once I got back to my office that I realized I had paid $9, on top of the $15 I already paid for my Village Voice Deal, for a side of guacamole, some wontons I didn't want, three small lettuce wraps and the worst salad I'd ever seen.  Never. Again.
I've only been here once but love, love, loved the calamari and the lettuce wraps! It wa the best calamari I've ever had.
Had the Guacammus, sweet-corn tamales (extremely tasty) and a brulee-the flavors were nice.  Our server was helpful and quick. (maybe too quick, the appetizer was delivered 3 minutes before our main)  The atmosphere is average.  I looked at 3-4 other items on the menu that I have to go back and try, nice find.
This goes into my Groupon find folder. I was hoping to eat here before a Suns game which was why I bought the Groupon in the first place, but never ended up making it downtown in time which might have saved this place a star (you'll see why in a second).   Excellent food and house made chips (with the trio dipping sauces, yummmm). I had the street tacos, my girl had the Sherry Chipotle Grilled Chicken which sounds a lot better than it looks. We also took advantage of the drink specials of the day.   The only downside to this place was the wait. It was around 2:00 pm on a rainy Sunday so you would think that we would get fast service. There was a pretty good crowd there, but open tables and they still seemed to take their time. No worries though since it was a Sunday, we were in no hurry and that appetizer hit the spot.   I can see going back for a happy hour or a late dinner and I would for sure order the exact same thing again!
I kept hearing how wonderful Ticoz is, so we came over for lunch after being assured that we would be in and out in less than an hour.  Yeah right.  We got there about 12:05, there were 4 occupied tables.  The server brought over dinner menus and disappeared.  Finally, one of our group went and tracked her down and got lunch menus.  She finally came back and took our order and eventually brought our food.  I had the street tacos.  They were a bit bland so I had to liven them up with some of their salsa, which is very good.  I will say that the portions are big for lunch, and for what I paid (not much) I left with a full belly.  Unfortunately, we didn't get out of there until almost 1:30.  Overall a decent place, nothing spectacular, but worth checking out.
Awesome, wolfed down the nachos montanos. Thankful that I had a good experience once again.
Food was delish, ordered the blue corn enchiladas and chimichangas. Margaritas were okay. Great ambiance and overall a good experience.
I have been a patron of Ticoz since it opened as I live in the neighborhood and have eaten there numerous times. It's become one of my favorite restaurants in CenPho (for reference, my other faves are Hula's, Windsors, The Vig Uptown, Tuck Shop, Fuego Bistro, Fuego Tacos, Switch, Fez, St. Francis, and Barrio Cafe). They have great HH drink specials. I usually get their martinis, and although they still make them, they have removed them from the drink menu b/c so many ppl wanted to sub out the well vodka for top shelf. Yesterday I had a traditional mojito for the first time there. They were a little sweet but made with lots of alcohol and mint. This will probably be my go-to drink here from now on. For an appetizer I usually get the trio of dipping sauces. I tried the calamari on recommendation from a waiter several years ago and thought it was the worst calamari I've ever had (imagine small breaded rings with virtually no flavor like you'd get in the freezer section of the grocery. If you want great (fried) calamari, try 1130 at the Arizona Center). I have had the blue corn enchiladas several times and they are super tasty. My favorite entrée, however, is the pork chile verde mac 'n' cheese. I've had mac 'n' cheese at virtually every restaurant in the area and Ticoz's is, hands down, the best. The portion is huge, probably enough for 2 meals for most people, but I usually scarf down the whole plate. The wait staff is always courteous, knowledgeable, helpful, and attentive. I've never had bad service there. The ambiance is always pleasant. If you're in the neighborhood and craving mac 'n' cheese, do yourself a favor and stop in here. Or, if mac 'n' cheese isn't your thing, stop in anyhow and try some of the other great things on the menus that other reviewers have mentioned.
EXCELLENT FOOD! My favorite place to eat in all of Arizona. I've had pretty much every dish here since about 2006, and like them all. I love the enchiladas con chile verde the best, and the mac-n-cheese, and..... I always refer friends and family to this place, or treat them to dinner. Phoenix does not have a lot of excellent food, but this place will leave you wanting to come for more! The service is excellent as well, waiters and waitresses are always friendly and fun.  The restaurant is large, so waiting for a table is rare.
I used to really like Ticoz -- like 3-4 years ago. In fact, I'm surprised I hadn't already reviewed it! Loved the drinks and had two favorite entrees: the grilled burrito with fish and the coconut curry rice with chicken. Both are still on the menu and neither are as delicious as they once were. In fact, they're both kinda gross now! :(  The grilled fish burrito contains breaded fish and the breading texture is mushy inside the burrito. The flavor is weak.  The rice is skimpy on the chicken and you are given the option of if you want it spicy or not. It used to just have a nice mild spice to it. Now? Now, it is sweet! Blech! And, if you make it spicy, it's still more sweet than spicy.  Sorry to say, I'm in NO rush to go back.  :(
They have changed their recipes and several items cannot be made vegan now. Be sure you ask before you order.
I love this Central and South American eatery, which features everything from chimichangas and burritos to tortas and burgers.  You have to get the chips and salsa as an appetizer ($1.95). The chips were thick and crispy, and the salsa had a nice bite to it. They went great with my strong but sweet Passion Fruit Sangria ($6.95), which was the perfect complement to the heat-filled meal.  I had two cheese enchiladas ($9.95) smothered in the vegetarian red sauce, which came with rice and beans-I got black beans. The portion was large, and the food was great-the flavors were bold, and everything tasted fresh.  Besides the yummy food, I also appreciated Ticoz for its ambiance. It had a dark and romantic vibe, with burnt orange walls that gave it a warm and cozy atmosphere. Ticoz is owned by Tom Jetland, who also owns Phoenix restaurants FEZ and Switch. I'd have to say Switch is my favorite of the three, but you can't really go wrong with any of them.
This place is great!  No one greeted me when I arrived...I looked around for a few minutes and then a hostess showed me where the rest of my group was sitting.    The group I was with ordered four appetizers for us to share.    We had some guacamole, quesadillas, nachos, and some lettuce wraps.  I had the first two things listed, as the other two contain meat.  Everything was delicious and spicy.  The guac had a delicious peppery flavor and was served with chips and pita.   The menu has a variety of interesting options, and the prices are very reasonable.  The service was wonderful.  Our waiter came by numerous times to check on drink refills and was friendly as well.    There's a private room which one can reserve that fits maybe 15-20 people. It seems like a nice option for a birthday party or event, such as the one we had.    I ate here on a Monday night, so parking was easy. However, I suspect on weekends, the lot is packed.
Went for a 15 person birthday party.  We had a small room reserved off to the side of the main dining room with a dedicated and attentive staff which was johnny-on-the-spot with everything that we needed.  Some of us started with the Chicken Lettuce Wraps, which were a mixture of chicken, peanuts, candied cherries(?), and other deliciousness.  These are truly good and a good value.  For the entree I had the Pork Chile Mac & Cheese, which was ok.  I was hoping for more pork chile flavor and less a big bowl of mac & cheese with some pork here and there.  Unfortunately it was the later.
Pork Chili Mac & Cheese - that's all that needs to be said.  Done!  Ha ha, the place is a great local stop for a dinner or lunch.  I have only gotten the mac and cheese, but my husband has had the Grilled Peach and Salmon Salad and loved it.   The atmosphere is a bit odd - kind of an asian/ikea feel,but the food and service make up for it!
Every time I come to Ticoz it gets better and better. I find something new I love and am becoming more adventurous.   Last night we went in for the quintessential "Taco Tuesday". They have 5 different kinda to choose from, different from their everyday menu tacos, and they are only $2 a piece.   First, the cocktail, I tried the red sangria for the first time and it was yum! Not too sweet and not to chunky with fruit, as some can get. Very good! Then I pigged out on some seriously delish tacos! I got one beer battered telapia taco, that comes with cabbage and this sauce that is creamy with just a hint of vinegar and spice, perfect! The batter on the fish couldn't have been better, just light enough that I didn't feel jipped on the fish and just enough flavor. The second was the carne asada, a typical street taco, carne pico and cilantro, it was alright, the meat was a little chewy but the flavor was all there. Then there was the pork ------- (some word I don't remember), I cant really describe it other than is was so good that I literally cannot wait to go back next Tuesday and eat like 5 of them. You just have to try it yourself. Amaze-balls!!
$2 taco Tuesdays: Pork adovada Tinga chicken Carne asada Dos equis battered tilapia Grilled veggie  The lettuce wraps are simply irresistable.  I know I mentioned it in my last review...but they are worth bringing up again.  GET THESE.  Macadamia nuts, dried peaches, chicken, pumpkin seeds, etc, a tangy and sweet taste on crisp romaine lettuce.  Makes my mouth water just thinking about them.  Serving size is large.  I've also had the blue cheese wedge salad, and just the half-salad is sufficient for me.  Don't skimp, get the bacon add-on.  It's gloriously crispy and adds the perfect zing to this tasty entree.
Having dinner here has always been a pleasure for me. Very attentive waitstaff, relaxed atmosphere, really good food. Just keep in mind that for a restaurant of this size, parking is quite limited and the wait can be long at dinner time during weekends.
Ticoz is a fantastic neighborhood restaurant/bar. I've been here a few times now and never had a bad experience. The food is great, the staff is friendly and the establishment is clean. I recommend this place to anyone looking for an enjoyable time while enjoying a great meal.
We had best hamburger in the world.
Trendy, fun and great original dishes!  Love the guacammus.
I am writing this review purely based on my happy hour experience there last Sunday. My friend and I walked in and took a seat at the bar. We were promptly greeted by a very nice bartender, who gave us a minute to peruse the drink menu. With happy hour, the margaritas were 50% off and some menu items were only $5. We each ordered a margarita and just enjoyed the music and the ambiance. We decided on street tacos, and boy was that a good choice. Normally $12, we ordered one beef and one chicken. They were some of the best tacos that I have ever had. Moist and flavorful meat, a smooth avocado sauce coupled with a slightly spicy and smoky sauce. Delicious! My friend and I then got a second round of margaritas. After 2 drinks each and some tacos, we decided that we were drunk and wanted to head to a friend's house. Our tab? $20. $20 for 4 margaritas that knocked us on our ass and an order of street tacos. This is a GREAT happy hour spot that I will be going to again.
If I had to pick one Latin-fusion restaurant to eat at for the rest of my life, I would choose Ticoz. They have a great happy hour every day of the week with different drink and food specials. I adore their Blackberry Mojito and their Coconut Margarita. Also, their Guacamus is my favorite appetizer. I could eat it any time of the day. Normally we order the Grilled Burrito and have them do a split plate. Sure, there's an extra $2 charge, but it is totally worth it. The husband and I each receive our own burrito (slightly smaller than the normal sized burrito, which is huge) and our own coleslaw. It is still a lot of food, but so good. We've had a few desserts here, but nothing special.   All of the staff is super nice and utterly kind. We have always been seated promptly and served quickly. Even when we do take out, the service is impeccable. The inside is hip and modern with a relaxed feel and the patio is great. The bathrooms could use an update, but that's not going to stop me from coming here. If you are ever in the area, I would highly recommend going here.
My daughter and I went here for restaurant week after reviewing dozens of menus.  We'd like an appetizer on one but not the main course or vise versa.  When we saw Ticoz, we wanted one of each appetizer, main course AND dessert!   We truly couldn't decide on the appetizer so we each ordered the Cesar salad with lime chili dressing and then we shared an order of the calamari off the menu with probably the best dipping sauce I've ever had .... it was a jalapeno lime sauce.  YUM!  My daughter had green chili mac and cheese (does it get much better than that?) and it was a HUGE portion.  Most of it went home for her lunch the next day.  I opted for the blue corn enchiladas and they did not disappoint.  They were accompanied by PERFECTLY grilled zucchini....not too mushy, not to crisp.  Delicious!  Each of the dessert choices sounded great but neither of us could resist the Kahlua creme brulee.  I plan to take my husband when we go back to Phoenix to visit in November....it was that good!
I enjoyed our dinner here although I think this might be more of a happy hour destination.  We had the trio of dips which were lovely.  I had the house enchiladas with grilled chicken and that was delicious.  The rice and beans left something to be desired.  Husband had the pork green chile mac and cheese which he enjoyed but felt was underseasoned.      I ordered the peach sangria on the recommendation of a friend but found it to be too wine-y for me.  I was expected a glass full of fruit as is customary and there was one tiny lone piece of peach clinging sadly to the bottom of the glass.  The waiter was kind enough to swap it out for the passionfruit sangria which I enjoyed much more.  I also tried the blood orange mojito and the coconut mojito.  They were both fabulous and LARGE!  If it were up to me, I'd make them slightly less sweet but they were still fantastic nonetheless.    We shared the macadamia nut brownie and ice cream for dessert and that was wonderful.  The brownie was sort of like the bastard child between cake and a brownie.  Denser than cake, not as dense as a brownie.    Our server was wonderful.  Friendly, attentive, and helpful.
My drunken date directed me to this place at about 10pm on Friday night. Good choice because late night happy Hour was just beginning. We both had two glasses of wine which at HH were only $4.50 each and sat out on the fairly empty patio (no heaters) which was quite pleasant. As for food, she ordered a 1/2 salad which was pretty big. It was the chop salad and there were a ton of fresh ingredients involved, including hominy! They had some 1/2 price apps also, but I opted for two tacos for $5 with shredded chicken. The tacos were good and the chipotle creama was the difference in making these things stand out. Sweet Corn tamales sounded great too and I will be back. Great waitress also and the patio here is clearly key and late friday seems perfect with hardly any folks there.
Great food it was a little under staffed but we enjoyed it. The three dips are amazing!
Delicious! Great service, yummy food, and fabulous red sangria!  Great atmosphere to go on a date or with a group!  P.S. Try out their breakfast and mimosas! Perfect way to spend a Saturday morning!
While trying to find a good Camelback Corridor HH restaurant, I stumbled across Ticoz. Lovely patio seating--perfect for late Oct. In Phx and sampled the Taco Tuesday menu. Wanted to try all 5, but felt gluttonous so settled on the chicken tinga, crispy tilapia and carne asada. I typically shy from boring chicken, but the tinga was surprisingly my favorite! The other two were good, but could have used some contrasting flavors to elevate the flavor profile.  However, at $2 per taco, you can't beat it! The sangria was tamely tasty and refreshing, while the guachummus (?) app was equally yummy and unique. I've never met a salsa I didn't like and we even ordered seconds! Service was perfectly attentive, while unobtrusive. Not very crowded at 5:30 on a Tues., but the older gentleman carrying around a whip was quite the random conversation piece. I definitely recommend, especially for HH!
So, I went to Ticoz last week with a work buddy to have a much-needed cocktail and a snack.  They had a $20 dollar deal that evening...a pitcher of Sangria and a plate of appetizers which was JUST perfect!  Chips, guaccamus, dips, and a seriously perfect calamari showed up just in time.  This was a great deal and we whiled away 2.5 hours just chatting and licking the plates clean.  I have been underwhelmed by some of Ticoz' changes in the past but this was just pitch(er) perfect :)
When I think of Ticoz, I only think of the restaurant section to the left of the main entrance. I'm not a huge fan of their lunch and dinner menu but I do love their appetizers.  Trio of dipping sauces and Nachos Montana are my faves! Good friend, Melissa & I, who also happens to be my running & training chica boo, always throw in a Happy Hour date here so we can enjoy our fave appetizers while playing catch up. This place never disappoints for Happy Hour. Cheers!
We have frequented Ticoz a number of times, and have always been very happy with the service and quality of the food. So of course, I jumped at the opportunity to purchase a Groupon that included an appetizer, and wine and entree for two!  We started with the standard chips and salsa as well as the Shrimp Ceviche. The chips are half corn tortillas, fried, not your basic triangle shape. The salsa was flavorful and not overly spiced. The Ceviche, however, was very disappointing. Very few shimp, and they were the teeny tiny ones - and swimming in juice. There was a lack of balanced flavor overall - too citrusy, too cucumbery, too....something. Not a fan.  The blue corn enchiladas were not as good this visit; the chicken was bland as was green chili sauce. The pork chile verde sauce, with fried egg, lived up to it's standard, however.   I think we just visited on an 'off' night. At least I hope that is all there was to it. We'll go back and give it another go.
Great food, the only draw back is the place is too dark very hard to read the menu...
Enjoyed Happy Hour with friends last night and I had a fabulous time. I ordered one of my regular appetizers -- Trio of dipping sauces -- good stuff. I was in the mood for coffee and was told that a new pot of coffee was brewing at that moment. Coffee was yummy. Great service --- that alone is priceless. Thank you to the Staff at Ticoz. Cheers***
Went here on a Sunday night.  Beautiful ambiance and a nice size bar, too.  The service was amazing.  You could tell they care about providing the best service to their customers.  We told her we were yelping and she said awesome. She gave us an extra treat for doing so.  I ordered the curry dish, asked for thai hot and they delivered.  It was so delicious I could not stop eating it.  We also ordered the chimichanga which was full of flavor, all kinds of ingredients, perfectly fried.   We are looking forward to returning very soon.
My boyfriend and I just moved into the area and took a walk over to Ticoz on a Tuesday afternoon for lunch.  I can't say enough nice things about this place. The atmosphere is very nice and our server was awesome! First he recommended the Sangria, which by the way was half off.  I had the sweet corn tamales and my bf had the blue corn enchiladas. Both were great!  I also like how they give you just the right amount of food. I felt great leaving this place. Ticoz has a happy hour and Sunday brunch that I'll be checking out soon. Another huge plus - a dog friendly patio.
I don't know if this restaurant is Mexican, Puerto Rican or Cuban, but I don't get it. We split the monster quesadilla which has jack cheese, monterey cheese some tomato and jalapeno peppers. I went with the sweet corn tamale as my entree that came with rice & beans and a red sauce. The tamales were 2 scoops of cornmeal. My husband had the grilled burrito topped with queso cheese.   I don't mean to be critical, but nothing at all about our meal was authentic, everything taste processed.  Disappointed.
FANTASTIC service especially when Jarred is your bartender. He is always happy, helpful, and fun! I typically do happy hour here on Friday's and have never ordered anything there that was not delicious. My favorites are the pork verde mac and cheese, and the creme brulee. My drink of choice is the sangria's. I definitely would recommend Ticoz to anyone looking for good food, amazing service, and a cozy atmosphere.  TIP: If you register your credit card you use on Groupon and pay with it at Ticoz it will keep track of what you spend and after $150 in purchases you receive a $20 credit. (Again they are great!)
Went last night for dinner and the main draw for us are the lettuce wraps.  We had to wait for a table...not an issue, but while waiting in the bar, we observed one of the bartenders (woman) do something that was very disgusting.  She had made a reddish colored drink and placed it on the bar for pickup by a server.  As she placed the drink on the bar, she reached over, took a straw and put it into the drink...while using her finger to draw some of the drink up into the straw and then she sucked what had been drawn up into the straw and threw the straw away; all while admitting that it was "pretty good".  Sorry young lady...not acceptable, especially in front of customers.  The gentleman sitting at the bar right near this occurance actually looked at her and she made some comment to him (couldn't hear exactly what she said).    Needless to say; the lettuce wraps were wonderful (as we've come to except)!
Stopped in for happy hour with a friend after work the other day.  It was a little hard to find from the street because it's in what looks like a strip mall.  Once inside though the ambiance was great!  Very cozy, lots of character and I love the big comfy chairs at the tables.  The happy hour selection was good, there were several appetizers and drinks you could pink from so you had some variety.  The service was great too, our waiter was very friendly and kept checking back with us to make sure we had everything we needed.  I ordered the lettuce wraps which were really good!  The flavor combination was wonderful and I loved the different textures from all the different goodies in them which kept your palate interested.
When we lived in the area, my boyfriend and I went to this place almost every weekend. Great service! The food is pretty good - odd menu but then, that helped since we have very different tastes. He could order his weird sandwich combo (he stacked chicken and burgers, don't ask) and I could order brunch so it worked out very well and made us both happy!  Oh, and the fantastic deals on mumosas didn't hurt at all. :)
I gave this place 3 stars because I feel like if you are in the mood for Mexican food, there are so many other BETTER options out there. I would never come here again, unless one of my friends wanted to, because the food is just... mediocre (especially considering the price).  We ordered the guacummus (guacamole/hummus) appetizer. While I liked that it came with a lot of pita and chips, the dip itself kind of sucked. It just tasted like watered down guacamole. And for $10 it was way overpriced. Go to Gallo Blanco and order their MUCH BETTER guacamole for $7 ($5 during their Happy Hour).  I ordered the 2 Enchilada Entree ($13) and again wasn't really impressed.  It was too salty and just.... eh. I really didn't enjoy the beans or rice side dishes.  The highlight of the plate was this tiiiiiiiny scoop of sweet masa and corn side dish. If you are looking for delicious and cheaper enchiladas go to Comedor Guadalajara and order their enchilada plate for $8 that comes with DELICIOUS beans and rice.  The only nice thing about this place was we came on 7:30 on a Wednesday night and there was no wait (because almost all the tables were empty except for ours.... it's not hard to figure out why). Oh and the service was lovely/nice/attentive. Sadly, it didn't make up for the food and prices.
Tonight I dined here with friends for a Dining Out for Life get-together. I had the Latin Passion salad, which was so good that I'm planning to have it as my main meal next time I come here. I also had the blue corn enchilada - truly scrumptious! Service was efficient even though this was a busy night. It was a really tasty meal and  I'm glad  that I now live near this restaurant!
What an amazing staff!  They have a terrific back room where we had a special surprise party for my daughter.  The staff, including Manager Susan, bent over backwards to ensure the event was a success.  What a great experience!  Great food, privacy, attentive staff and friendly people.  Highly recommend!
Just the thought of eating Ticoz enchiladas gets me excited. Although a little pricey for lunch, the chicken enchiladas are so amazing I keep going back. The 2-dollar taco Tuesday special is a good deal. I usually just stick to the enchiladas through -  nothing beats them.   The ambience and service is great as well. We usually sit on the patio. There are cute little couches along the side and it's partially shaded. The inside is nice too, but I would recommend it as a good choice if you're looking to eat outside.
Bluecorn enchiladas were fantastic. You pay for chips and salsa that are supposed to be made when ordered but mine weren't. Pricey but good.
Yeah, methinks: overrated. This review has been in the works for some time now. I have been to Ticoz a number of times, and really the only reason I return is due to a friend inviting me to go to breakfast or, like the last time we were here, their birthday dinner. The first time I came here was almost 4 years ago, and the last was about a month ago for a birthday. All experiences about the same - actually, no - I'd say they have progressively gotten worse.   I know it is a popular spot, and I won't argue with someone who loves this place, but I find it a bit confused and overpriced for the quality. It's cute, I suppose, for a CenPho spot. (I may be putting down some CenPho spots that really make the effort!). But I would have to say the food and drinks here are about as tacky as the interior decorating. I cannot remember having anything I really felt was worth finishing the plate here. I had a chicken burrito last time which was pretty bland, served with some sort of BBQ/refried beans that confused my mouth and the rest of the dish. I will say, I like the little cornbread/cake scoop you get on your plate. The most memorable thing I have have eaten here.   We also ordered their flavored Sangria pitcher ($25!!!)...a huge pitcher that is really just about 3 glasses total due to the amount of ice they use in both the pitcher and the glasses, and tasted like grown-up KoolAid as if the flavor came from some sort of Pucker's additive. Actually, I remember going to Ticoz for the first time for their Martini night and I had to send back 2 of them because that's all they were, vodka and Pucker's. Gross.   This last time we were here, for the friend's birthday dinner, we had a large group and were sat in the corner booths. Seating was fine, we knew we were a large group, but we felt like we were a burden for the server and felt more processed than really served. I mean, from my experience in service, you work a large group for a tip but our server had zero personality with us and made me feel like I was on a field trip, not at a birthday party at an adult restaurant.   My last last review (for TeePee's) actually cited this experience. We dined at TeePee's Friday, and then Ticoz Saturday for the party and we both highly agreed that, though they are very different in ambiance, style, food, etc., we would much rather go and eat at TeePee's again, spend half the amount of money and enjoy ourselves.   In a time when most places are going for freshness, quality and style - I just hope things keep up for 'em. To each their own!
Great food, great service.  Enchiladas, salads, tamales, you name it and it's all good.  The only thing stopping me from 5 stars is that there is smoking allowed on the patio so eating al fresco isn't as much fun as it should be.  Otherwise, pretty darn awesome!
Good and bad.  Tacos were great, and on HH (yay!) Beer was cold, and also on HH (double yay!).  Ambiance needs some work.  Really, if you just added a better sound system it would REALLY help.  Any time I walk into a place and it sounds an iPhone is playing the tunes, I always think "hmmm, what an easily fixed problem." Service was attentive and pleasant, and everyone seemed to be in good spirits. I hear their lettuce wraps are good, I'll try them next time (once I hear they've updated their music situation).
I absolutely love this place. I have been going here since I moved to Phoenix, a little over a year ago. I'll be honest. I have not tried much of their food, because I seem to order the guacammus every single time I go there. It's AMAZING!!!  They're drinks are great. They're service has always been stellar. Nicole, behind the bar has always been super attentive and nice. I usually sit outside or by the bar, so she usually helps me out. She is great.   I can't wait to go there again soon.
(Lyrics - Britney Spears - Baby One More Time)  Oh, Ticoz Resto Oh, Ticoz Resto  Oh, Ticoz Resto how was I supposed to know That something was all right here Oh, Ticoz Resto, I should order soon But now you're in my sight, yeah!  Show me what I should eat Tell me, Ticoz Resto, 'cause I need to know now Oh, because  My hungryness is killin' me (And I) I must confess I still thirsty (Still thristy) When I'm at the bar I'll order mines Give me a wine Hit me, Ticoz, one more time  Ticoz Resto Bar is "sexy and chill" lounge according to what they want to bring to Phoenix - oh baby baby indeed!  I'm impressed and happy to finally hear a restaurant bold enough to admit they want to bring some sex appeal to a restaurant.  S......saucy! "Hit me one more time", with another drink please.     I came here on a HH meeting with some friends.  The place is far from sexy sorry to say. I think it's more chill then anything.  When you say sexy I'm thinking a hot vibe and sultry art and pictures.  Then again it's not an adult shop haha!  They have a dining room and bar room.  Both seem pretty mellow to me - "Show me how you want it to be, Tell me baby cause I need to know now oh because!"  I think they want to be modest, but also have some sort of flair, but either or I think the place is pretty cool.  We sat at the bar today to get some HH drinks and food.  Very good prices I must say so cheaper is good for my alcoholic side!  Nachos to start of course with some chicken.  Needless to say, I'm not a big fan of nachos, but the cheese and shredded chicken really popped. The cheese was melted well and it didn't drag all the other ingredients along while you rip it apart.  My next dish was the Tortas.  Tortas to me is street food, but I totally dig a restaurant that can bring it indoors and make it work.  It worked indeed at Ticoz.  Soft bread and shredded pork; add a little hot sauce and yum!  It was serve with waffle fries; crispy and crunchy.  I'm a texture guy so I love! - Enjoy!
I love this place! The pork green chili Mac n cheese is so good I dream about it! Mojitos are awesome made by the guy bartender who is super friendly and sweet! We always sit at the bar! Just a really cool place to have some really good food!
Amazing food and service. Came in during happy hour and was surprised at how little I spent. I ordered chicken nachos which was delicious and only cost $5. The passion fruit sangria was just what I needed and only $4. In the end I spent under $10. This is my new happy hour spot!
Best mojitos in town as far as I'm concerned. Thee food is wonderful and have great service every time we are there..
This place has always been great. Can NOT beat their happy hour sangrias!!! Best passion fruit sangria ever!
I was in the mood for some good mac and cheese, and people seem to like the pork chile verde mac and cheese here, so I gave it a try. Very good, more than enough for a meal.  Chips and salsa were good, and the empanada was delicious. I kicked things off with a blackberry mojito, one of many flavored mojitos on the menu, so I'll definitely be back to try the rest.
The food here is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. No idea what's going on back in the kitchen, but they really have it going on.   Our four top was immediately seated on a lazy Saturday morning. Ok, maybe my Friday wine brain thought it was morning. I'm not really sure. But we were in the market for eggs.  My eyeballs read, "$2.99 weekend brunch drinks!" So....I asked what a Greyhound and a Cape Cod consisted of.  I heard mwah mwah mwah VODKA...and then something that sounded like a Bay Breeze. Then Jordan recommend a "Big Girl Mimosa". I assumed (incorrectly) this was also part of the weekend brunch drink pricing.   Yes, the drink was $2.99. However, when the bill came there was a supplement for $1.83 for a shot.  Boo! Hiss! Not really a big deal, but, per discussion with the two other adults at the table, none of us heard the additional pricing for the shot. (Nor did the highly intellectual teenager.) The Big Girl Mimosa was really easy to drink, a bit tart for my friend, as it was heavy on the grape fruit side. (I sucked it down like a camel in need of water.)  See my photo for evidence of empty glass.  Alright, so I ate out today with my favorite family that allows fork-fuls of food to be traded. So I got to taste four very different things. I'd order ALL of them again. Listed in my preference order, here's what we Hoover'd down (like the savages we are, but with linen):  1. Lobster Egg Benedict 2. Mexican Eggs Benedict 2. Huevos Ranchero 3. Hot Cake Trio with Schreiner's Sausage  The Lobster Egg Benedict really is something. It's hard to describe. The sauce isn't too heavy for a benedict and there's plenty of lobster on the plate. I was a bit envious of this dish.  To use my usual sound for food this was "Hhhhhooooohhhhh my good." Yeah, that good. GET IT.  The kid at the table went for the Mexican Eggs Benedict. He pretty much orders chorizo at every restaurant in Phoenix. (I don't understand teenagers.) Buuut, if anyone is an expert on chorizo, I'd say this smarty pants would be. He liked it. I did it too. And he even let me take THREE fork passes. The green chile hollandaise is hot but not "burn your eyes down" hot.  He called it "intense". I agree.  I went with the Huevos Ranchero as I wanted something with eggs over easy and meat. I asked for a recommendation and Jordan suggested this. I absolutely LOVED the spice on everything. The eggs were great. The texture of the stuff underneath the eggs - eh. But I still ate 80% of my meal :)   If you're in the market for a staple - the pancakes and sausage are WONDERFUl. I put them last as they're basics. But they were really well delivered. The sausages "spurted" when poked and "popped". They weren't over cooked or rubbery.   The three stars are for service. I'm bummed about this. Although we were checked on my friend's ice tea was not filled often enough. (It was empty most of the time.) Nor were we asked if we wanted another round of drinks. (Strange!). And then there was the odd thing with the pricing on the Big Girl Mimosa. Otherwise, I'd Four Star this all the way! They have a super cute patio, a nice bar area and plenty of table seating. I'd give this place another go round!
You MUST go to this place!  Today was our first time here (heard about it through an online coupon, but ended up going there for brunch to try it first, based on their online menu that sounded amazing). We ordered the Lobster Eggs Benedict and Huevos Rancheros. Both were to-die-for, would def get both of them again (maybe after I try everything else on the menu since everything sounded great too). And the $2.99 weekend brunch drinks were worth it too. My only complaint about this place is that we live so far away from it; I'm going to have dreams about their pork chile verde until I can return!
So yesterday was Massage Day and the day did NOT start out well....didn't sleep, didn't feel the love for the human race, etc. AND it was 112 degrees.  We had our massages (and yes, you DO have to hear the whole story) and were going to go for nails right next door when massage-buddy mentioned she was starving.  Well, I was craving the one thing she doesn't like....cheese enchiladas with red sauce.  We talked about it and realized that we hadn't been to Ticoz in ages.  We got over there and got seated in a nice cool spot, which helped me regain my love of mankind.  MB ordered her faves: guaccamus and street tacos with waffle fries (she WAS hungry) and I talked our server into the house enchiladas with cheese, red sauce AND green chiles.  Yum Yum Yum!!  Ticoz, I've always liked you and today was just a stellar meal.  Thanks so much for helping me finish off the day nicely :)
Had reservations for 25 people for a bridal shower yesterday, couldn't be anymore pleased with the customer service! Our waiter Ervin went above and beyond to satisfy us, it was incredible!! Not only did he do his own job exceptionally well, he also went out of his way to keep me calm and not stress out while setting up/decorate the room PLUS he helped the bride load over 20 boxes of gifts into her car. If I could give him a 6th star, I would!!! Food and drinks were delicious too. :)
Delicious food. We stared with the chips and salsa, which was spicy and tasty. The blue corn enchiladas were excellent. The rice was super light and fluffy, and the zucchini were grilled were. The chimichanga was also really good, with a perfectly fried exterior and moist chicken inside.  The restaurant is really nicely decorated, but I think the prices are high for the portion size. I would like to stop in for happy hour, but in terms of dinner prices, I might skip Ticoz.
My boyfriend and I went here with another couple for restaurant week- so we could get a house cocktail, salad, entree and dessert for $30. Great deal! I had a passion fruit sangria- which was so good. The chips and salsa here are AWESOME. I just love that salsa! I chose a peach salad as my appetizer and was really impressed. I ate every bite! I ordered the paella as my entree and it was very flavorful. It was a teeny bit salty but the seafood was so fresh, and it was overall very tasty. For dessert I got the brownie with ice cream- the flavors were so good, but the brownie was a bit hard on top. I think it was supposed to be that way, but I personally prefer a softer brownie. It didn't stop me from eating most of it though haha!  Overall, I was impressed at the great flavors and reasonable prices here. I would definitely recommend this place and come back for drinks and/or dinner. Plus great service and ambiance!
Oh Ticoz.. You've joined my great happy hour list! =)  My friend wanted a Mojito one night.. So of course Yelp came to the rescue and I heard this place has some of the BEST mojitos. You guys were not lying! lol  We came after 9 because they have happy hour. Quite a selection actually. A majority of their drinks are on happy hour and pretty much half of their appetizer menu. For the drinks we ordered the passion fruit mojito and the mango mojito. I really liked the mango mojito. It tasted soooo fresh! I ordered the street tacos. You get two tacos for $5. So I got the shredded chicken and beef. I really liked the chicken, the beef one was a bit salty for my taste. I really liked their waffle fries too. They're seasoned and very crispy.  I really liked this place! Great happy hour items and prices and their Mojitos were really worth the long drive for me. lol. I definitely want to come back to try their other Mojitos not to mention  I love me some happy hour! Til next time Ticoz! =)
Such a dim, nice date place The servers are nice and courteous  I tried to Pozole which was absolutely great For starters the fried calamari appetizer was another item that I was impressed with The sauce that came with it were good I just had water all night so I can't give any drink tips or recommendations  Maybe next time  Service was great as well  :)
We had a perfect dinner experience here.  Food was delicious.  (The grilled shrimp were devine)  Service was excellent. Will come back next time we're in town.
Ticoz is one of my favorite restaurants in town. Any time we decide to go out to eat, Ticoz is on the list of potential choices. My favorite time to attend is their brunch! Huevos Rancheros is to die for! I even got a friend completely hooked on it. Also on Sundays the $10 bottle of champagne can't be beat!   If you are looking for a great HH spot, this is also the place for you. Great pricing for their Sangria (Passion fruit!) which I can never have just one glass of. Appetizers and food are also well priced and delicious!   I am always impressed with the service in the Dining room. The handful of times I have sat in the bar area it was slow and I felt I was a burden. In the dining room however, always excellent! I am greeted with a smile and checked on regularly. If you have been disappointed with service, try sitting in another area and you may be surprised!   Ticoz will continue to be a favorite for me and I will always recommend them!
At one time I thought Ticoz was a solid 4 stars, but recently it has gone downhill. Whenever I go to lunch in this area every restaurant is packed, except Ticoz. This should have been my first clue to stop going here. However, they have also become stingy. The last time I went they brought me 3 chips, for my guacamole app and the tortilla soup was like a mix of vinegar and water. I couldn't eat it. My company felt the same as the taco salad doesn't come salso or sour cream. It was an all around bad meal and I don't think I will be going back again.
Visiting from Las Vegas and was looking for an authentic Mexican/Spaniard restaurant. If I was reviewing the service I would give it 5 stars. But ~ considering we have an executive chef in the family ~ we are always expecting an amazing meal. Was shocked to see tiny shrimp as an addition to most dishes. The cerviche was sweet. Not the way it's suppose to taste. Was not impressed with the food at all. Definitely not a restaurant that I would have to frequent whenever I came to Phoenix. Hope to have better luck somewhere else tomorrow while we're here
Love this place. I initially found it via the Phoenix LocalDines website and since then it's been the go-to date night restaurant for for my wife and I. We've only ever ordered from the dinner menu, so I can't testify to the quality of anything but the items they offer in the evening. However, we've never been disappointed and the variety keeps us coming back to try new things.   Try the Blue Corn Enchiladas and Chimi with sour cream green chile sauce. And definitely order the Guacammus and Waffle Fries for appetizers... you won't be disappointed!
Wowza! Bought a certificate via localdines.com for lunch. This place is incredible! The flavors are delicious. Good service. We will be back for sure! Loved the coupon offering and had absolutely no problems using it. We never would of known of this place without local dines. Thanks for the exceptional value!
Soooooooo. My friend and I came here because 1) it is walking distance 2) hello Mexican food and 3) it's always busy. I I don't know if they were short staffed or just the most unorganized bar?  When we sat down (at the bar) we were greeted promptly and given a water. We ordered our beers and then waited. And waited and waited. The main reason we went is my friend was starving. We finally found someone and asked for food menus. We were given A menu. To apparently share.  We then waited 15 minutes for anyone to come and take our orders.  Once our order was placed the food did come out promptly. I had nachos and they were covered with fresh cut veggies and totally delish. He had the Mac & Cleese with pork which he also loved.  Not once did anyone check on us.  Not once did anyone ask if I wanted another beer - my glass was empty for 10 minutes.  What if we were dead?!! No one would have noticed!  The manager maybe owner appeared to have possible ingested PCP intentionally and was skipping behind the bar hollering. Honestly, the food was good. That's why there are 2 stars...The service was horrific.  I won't even begin to describe the confusion on splitting our check.  Bummer about this. I was looking forward to  our ladies brunch here.
Forgettaboudit!  Who in their right mind does not love Ticoz?! Joe, Susan and Jared with the rest of the gang make such a friendly, warm atmosphere to hang out in. We had a lovely baby shower on the back patio that was awesome, or should I say they made the day awesome for our guests! I'm sure I don't have to tell you the blue corn enchiladas are the best thing on the menu! I almost forgot to tell you about the pork nachos, UnFrigginBelievable. They have an awesome happy hour also.
This place is a very neat hangout resto-bar. I lie nearby and frequent often when  I want a fast dinner or lunch and some drinks. The customer service from servers and bartenders lack very much but management is super nice and accommodating. The food is good quality and tasty and happy hour is of good value. Regular menu pricing on food and drinks is also not too expensive for what you get in quality. It's a nice place to walk to locally to hangout with friends and chat over drinks with snacks.
This place is wonderful! We had a cast party there. The woman refilling our appetizers just overheard my friend ask if there was anything I could eat (because I'm vegetarian) and she immediately said she would bring out some vegetarian appetizers. They did the lettuce wraps and quesadilla vegetarian and they  were delicious and had a vegetarian protein source (cashews in the lettuce wrap).
One of my favoriate places to have Sunday brunch with friends.  The staff is very accomodating, extremely friendly and really on top of making sure you have everything you need.  I never have to ask for more water and always get hot, delicious food served in a reasonable time frame.  I have tried most things on the menu and ALL of them are amazing.  Highly recommend, especially if you like Mojitos...
great happy hour!
I have never had a bad or even kinda bad experience here.  Happy hour is amazing, the food is great and the servers/bartenders are fantastic.  The passion fruit sangria is something dreams are made of, and pair that with the guacummus or lobster dip and it truly is heaven.  What can I say? love, love, love!   My fellow teacher colleagues and I meet here once or twice a month and everyone loves this place - most people pick this place even though we work in Maryvale and most of them live in the Peoria/Glendale area.  If you're looking for great food and great service, this is definitely a sure bet!
A friend and I stumbled across the place on accident, and what a good find it was! Their sangrias (on happy hour, by the way) remind me of Barcelona. The lettuce wraps are to die for! They are a bit sweeter than one would expect, but delicious none-the-less. Will be coming back here!
Food Score: 4.5/Service  Score: 1.5. =.    3   Overall   Oh Ticoz, it's been too long!  I got together with a dear friend with the intention of catching up over drinks and appetizers.  We were warmly greeted and selected a table in the bar area.  I have been craving your chips and a margarita.  We started with those and our server suggested adding the plate of dipping sauces.  They were really yummy.   We chatted for quite a while and our original server was very attentive.  We ordered dessert and more drinks, then settled in.  Although we didn't see it happen, our server clearly experienced an alien abduction. Poof, he just disappeared.  Once that happened, the.   service.    just.     stopped.  I had to walk up to the bar to get more drinks.  No biggie but we were less than 10 feet away from 2 managers and 2 people behind the bar.  I asked a passing server for more water and got no response, so I got up to get it myself and was asked "what are you doing?" by that same server.    So here's the deal...you can have good food and really inexpensive drinks but people will eventually just settle for a more expensive and much more mediocre meal down the street  just because the service is better.    The competition is fierce in this town...step it up, guys, I want you to be around for a long, long time.  I'm spoiled by living in Central Phoenix but my friends have to travel to reach you.  Make it worth the trip.  P.S. Should I even mention the "working girl"at the bar?  I'm all for free enterprise  but she got much better service than we did.
Our waiter, Bryan, was exceptional, giving some great suggestions.   We did have two appetizers, the lettuce wraps, which were better than PF Changs (and I love those), and the guacammus. I eat hummus all the time, and this was good, but the lettuce wraps won.   I had the chimichanga, which was a lot of tasty food. However, one if us in our party had the blue corn enchiladas, which might have been the favorite of the group. Hubby had the pork chile verde enchiladas, which he claimed was the best during our four person taste testing. We did sample the pork verde mac and cheese, which was tasty if you like mac and cheese, which I don't.   Even though we were stuffed after licking our plates clean, we indulged in the peach cobbler (yes, don't even hesitate, just order it, you will not be sorry). My daughter and her hubby had the empanadas, which they loved! My taste buds definitely favored the peach cobbler, however.   We did come during the early happy hour and the waiter was looking after us, making sure we knew when happy hour was ending to take advantage of the specials.  Definitely a place to return to. Highly recommended.
The nachos at Ticoz keep me coming back. The chips are the perfect thickness with just enough crunch, they slice fresh jalapeños as a topping, and they use a blend of fresh cheese and cheese sauce and black beans. I like them meatless best because all of the included toppings are so flavorful on their own. My one complaint is that they're not consistent. Some days I have great nachos and fantastic service, other days I have absentee service and the nachos are sub-par. The rest of the food is similarly unpredictable - some dishes are good (but not great) and others are disappointing. But the potential for delicious nachos just keeps me coming back.
Love the welcoming staff. Happy hour is the best bang for your buck! Mojitos are yummy...lettuce wraps mouth watering! Love the low lighting & its not jam packed. I've been twice and plan on it several more times.
*Please note, I am writing to review the Deseo Lounge only, not the adjoining restauraunt.  This is my favorite happy hour hideaway, and I'm reviewing it to pay it forward even though I am terrified that word will leak out to the local crowd about this fantastic resort secret.  Deseo is hidden in the basement of the Kierland Westin.  The cozy, dark and cool atmosphere with subtle candles and leather-padded walls makes me feel like I'm on a mysterious rendezvous every time I walk into the lounge.    Their "unwind hour" is featured from 5:30-7:30 (please note that the bar doesn't open until 5:30) and features great prices on the best mojitos I have ever tasted (you can't go wrong with the classic Grande, but the berry-based version is pretty tasty as well).  Just a warning, the mojitos are STRONG and pack a punch for their very reasonable $5-$7 HH prices!    Deseo is famous for their ceviche, and I highly recommend the Ecuadorian and Rainbow ceviches.  The other must-order items are the kobe meatballs (we all felt a little embarrassed at first over our love for the meatballs, but once you've had them, you'll order with pride) and the rolls, which are served hot and infused with trace amounts of some sort of cheese... I'm not sure what the magic ingredient is, but they just melt in your mouth.  The service is usually solid, with a very knowledgeable and experienced staff, but if they get a rush then expect to be patient while they make due with the hands they have.  The lounge is very small and intimate so it's not uncommon to grab a table just outside of the lounge walls if they are having a busy night.
We were visiting Scottsdale and staying at the Kierland Westin resort. Thinking that is was a hotel restaurant, we didn't expect much out of it...but it blew us away! Service was wonderful and every dish from the warm spanish bread served to the appetizer to the main dishes AND the desserts were immaculately done. We thoroughly enjoyed our experience and left fulfilled.  (Sorry can't give a play by play on each dish cuz I forgot all the names...)  don't miss it if you're ever at the Westin Kierland!!!!!
Deseo is the flagship restaurant at the Westin Kierland resort. It's spacious and fairly quiet. We were there on a Saturday night and it was half full. The menu is eclectic - Latin touches in most preparations. I had a nice (tiny) empanada with foie gras  and a lovely  sea bass. The dessert - chocolate cigars - was a work of art, presented on a tray like sculpture. Our waitperson was knowledgeable and helpful. The service was very good but petered out towards the middle of the meal, where no one was in sight and no water was forthcoming. It did pick up at the end. Overall it's a nice quiet place for unusual fare. There's a bar next door and a Cuban painter working on mythical large canvases.
Best civeche I've ever had. Service is amazing.
Deseo was an excellent experience!!! My girlfiend and I dined here for one of our first dates and theres nothing negative to be said about this place.  We started off in the bar and I had a beer and my gf had a berry mojito. The berry mojito was awesome even though i dislike mojitos. The bar atmosphere is somehwat dark and elegant. They have a wide variety of beers and drinks but they take their pride in making you the best mojito in az. We ordrred an appertizer and when it came out the chef also brought use a free ceviche plate and said he had made too much so it was on the house. I was instantly happy with my first taste of the ceviche, it was absolutely perfect. After drinks and appetizers we opted to be seated and we sat at the ceviche bar. While choosing what to oder we were given more free ceviche complements of the chef. I highly recommend ordering any of the ceviche was the rainbow was my favorite. The tuna and salmon tasted very very fresh. We had the fish special plate and the bone in pork chops plate. Both full of flavor. We finished the night off with chocolate cigars and a coffee liqour drink. Both very good and highly recommended. Be prepared to spend some money but get to the bar for the unwind hour as the drinks are priced well and they are well made.  This is a great place for a romantic date as it is very very nice and an awesome experience. I consider it fine dining and the price somewhat points in that direction as well. Call and make reservations ahead of time and get there early and hang out in the bar i promise it wont let you down.
I found Deseo on Yelp, and was not disappointed with my experience there.    Making reservations was easy through Open Table and we were able to get a table for two on a Friday easily.  We were seated promptly (I hate having to wait when I have a reservation) at a nice table.  I had a delicious mojito and my husband Dave had a glass of Torrontes white wine.  The mojito was perfectly minty and limey, not merely a hint of either taste, but bursting with the flavors that make a mojito.  For an appetizer we had a trio of ceviches: the ahi, lobster escabeche, and Ecuadorian shrimp.  All three were different, distinct creations and were really good--we liked the ahi one the best.  The ceviches were not served with chips as we are accustomed, but with popcorn as a palate cleanser.  Their bread and butter were very tasty as well.  I ordered the Cuban enchilado shrimp, Dave had the dorado ajillo.  We also had the brie potato mash.  I really enjoyed my food.  It was spiced beautifully and was very filling.  I didn't really enjoy the brie potato mash, though it's more because I don't really love brie cheese.  Dave enjoyed his meal, though less than I did.  I tried it--it wasn't as flavorful by far compared to my meal.  For dessert we tried the torrejas heladas which was fine but I like chocolate desserts more.  Overall, a great dining experience with really good food and fabulous, attentive service.  If we lived in the area, we'd go back just to try more of the ceviches.
I love this menu, and style of cooking - the decor is bad, though. They need a design makeover, save the open kitchen.   That being said, I had a delicious meal: chicken empanadas, cuban enchilado shrimp, and a light, buttery Torrontes.  The Latin flavors were authentic and very well thought out, and my dishes were all neatly executed.  Friendly and attentive waitstaff.  I think this place would do SO much better were it not in a B list resort.
I love the place. I've been for dinner, but this last time was about drinks and appetizers. The ceviche is off the hook delicious. And the mojito's are spot on. Don't bother with the kobe beef meatballs - they are kind of forgettable except for the PRICE. If you like a caiparinha - you can get one here... my bartender was kind enough to tell me that she makes them sweet for the locals, and then made mine traditional upon request.  Great service as well!
Excellent! Everything they have is excellent! Luckily when I went I was with a large group so I was able to try many different items. It is hard to say anything that stood out because each dish was so unique in it's own way. It is an expensive restaurant, but you know that going in and it is well worth it. Not only is their food great, but they have the best mojitos I have had anywhere I have been in the state.   Deseo has a very nice decor, the service is excellent and the staff is very helpful with explaining their menu.
I've eaten here a few times avec mon ami BouBou.  Relatively elegant with decent service and good food.  This place was much better at the beginning but has been trailing off a bit since then.  A place like this needs world class service (elegant, professional and intelligent staff) versus Phoenix service (gum chewing air heads, umm like, you know).  The only downfall (although quite funny in retrospect) was being propositioned by a couple of cheap (and novice perhaps?) hookers at the bar and then again in the dining room.    Did these gals come in from Glendale?  Mesa?  AJ?    I guess there's a first time for everything.  Luckily they had plenty of champagne for dessert.    I might try it again on the next visit if Monsieur is so inclined.
My husband and I went to Deseo for date night. Really nice decor, lovely Cuban painter at the entrance. It didn't felt like we were in Arizona.  I ordered a great Mojito, not made with that fake flavored rum and syrup.  The ceviche appetizer was incredible, as well as the empanadas and our entrees. We ordered the crab fried rice which  was good, with big chunks of crab, but salty.   Our waitress, while nice, was in lala land. Absent minded, didn't seemed to know the menu and forgetful at times.  *Our visit was prior to them closing for vacation*
Shockingly good for a hotel restaurant.. heck,  it's dang good for any restaurant!  We started out with the hamachi ceviche which had just the right amount of citrus - tangy but not too acid - and fantastic texture and flavor.  Could have eaten a bucket of that.  The mango "muddle" was similar to a mojito and tasted wonderful.  The bacon wrapped dates and the goat cheese empanada were both very pleasing, though though not mind-blowing - I'd be happy to have ether again.  The duck breast on the other hand was indeed mind blowing!  Perfectly cooked (I asked the done-ness to be however the chef recommends), tender and fabulous.  The accompanying poached pear and quince were extraneous - I thought they detracted from the duck rather than enhancing it - but no matter, the duck was fine as can be without them.  The tiny bit of fois gras was delectable - more fois instead of the pear and quince might be even better.  My companions devoured the rack of lamb and a special request vegetarian dish with similarly rave reviews.  The chocolate cigar for dessert was perfect - the cigar is like a luxury Hostess Ho-Ho.. chocolate over a chocolate cake/white filling roll...  but believe me this ain't no Ho-Ho.  We shared it but I could have eaten the wHo-Hole thing (I could not resist the pun).  The accompanying mousse-like item (what WAS that thing?) was both light and rich, creamy and silky... and lovely.  Not quite top notch aspects included the wine-by the glass list - very limited - only approximately 7 or 8 choices each of whites and reds, none of which excited me.  The bottle list was longer, but come on, this is the age of Sheriff Joe and the DUI task force and  the by-the-glass option is critical in my opinion.  Service was ok, but nowhere near the quality level of the food.  The server's descriptions of the food was a somewhat haphazard.  Napkins did not get folded when someone stepped away from the table.  In fact, when several of us used the restroom before dessert was delivered, the busser absconded with our napkins and we were left to tackle the chocolate cigar sans napkins.  Before we ordered we asked if the bill could be split between two couples, and were assured this was fine.  Yet we received a single bill and when we requested it be split she asked us to mark which items goes on whose bill.  What a shame to have this detraction from an otherwise spectacular meal.
Went here for restaurant week for the 3 course for $30 per person. Every aspect of the experience was fabulous. The only thing that wasn't overwhelmingly positive was the fact that they didn't ask us if we wanted coffee before dessert. Other than that we thought that live music would have taken the evening to the next level.   Water was on the table almost as soon as we sat down. I started off with a glass of pinot and she had the mojito. The wine was nice and the nectar grande mojito was delicious, well balanced and had quite the kick. The sugar cane stick was a fun touch.   The meal started with little buns with creamy garlicky butter. They were delicious. Perfect light outside and spongy elastic-like inside that soaked up the butter. Almost cloud-like.   The appetizers came out right after the buns.  I had the shrimp ceviche and she had the goat cheese empinada. The ceviche was fresh and delicious. Great mixture of textures with the shrimp, pieces of tomato and other parts of the sauce with tiny greens, I think it was tiny bits of cilantro. The avocado that came with it was perfect and made a great contrast to the shrimp. It had a complex mixture of flavors.   The empinada was amazing. The goat cheese was rich and balanced well with the light and crispy texture of the empinada with beet chimichurri.   We both had the salmon with red lentils. The salmon was cooked perfectly. It was moist with a crispy top. The sauce was a tiny bit too sweet for one of us but was very tasty. The little bits of tomatoes were a great addition as well.   I had the chocolate cigar with cappuccino gelato. Both were rich and delicious. The cigar kept improving as it warmed down to room temperature (it was tiny bit cold when it came out).   She had the rice pudding with dulce de leche and Cuban cookie. It was very good and lighter than the chocolate cigar dessert.   The service was great and our waitress answered all of the questions we had about the menu. Overall this was probably the best meal we've had in Arizona so far. We'll definitely go back for a special occassion
We ate there during AZ restaurant week, 3 course $30.  We chose Deseo after trying them at Phoenix Cooks.    The standouts were  the Pandebono(Columbian Cheese Bread)  we liked it so much I  had the waitress write the name down so I could figure out how to make it.  The shrimp ceviche- I wanted to drink the tomato sofrito when I was done.  The Achiote  Chimichurri  with the beef tenderloin had so many layers of flavor; I've never had anything like it.  The huitlacoche fritters served with the jidory chicken made me a fan of huitlacoche.  And of course the muddle bar is great for fans of mojitos.   The only thing that was missing was the cancha corn with pork belly we tried at Phoenix Cooks.   We had a great corner table.  The decor was a little lacking, however service was extraordinary.  Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the ingredients used and gave us the feeling she wanted us to have a fantastic meal.  Definetly the best meal we have had in Arizona.
A very enjoyable night at the ceviche bar. There were many ceviche choices, so we wanted some advice from our server. The suggestions were not the expensive ones, and were innovative and delicious. All I can ask for. The top sirloin is their most popular dish for good reason, it's really good. Thumbs up on the mojito also.
From a 12/27 visit - Husband and I were visiting Scottsdale. Saw all the great reviews and decided to go even though we're not "hotel restaurant" fans. The space was great. We sat at the "rail" and enjoyed the cooking show. The cooks were all engaged and willing to answer our questions about what they were cooking. My husband's food was great, the rainbow ceviche and beef tenderloin were both well prepared and quite tasty. The tuna on my ceviche was perfect but the sauce (Thai basil) was forgettable. Pick a different one. My entree, the cau cau of seafood was really nice ,except for the langostina. It had that mushy texture to it. Everything else on the plate was well cooked and tasty.  My biggest complaint was the incredibly slow and lackluster service. It took too long to get drinks, too long to order, too long to get our check and way too long to pay. Additionally, it's an open kitchen and more than once, we saw hot food sitting on the line for way too long. The manager on duty seemed oblivious to this as he walked by a number of times. Their shortcomings are quite fixable with a more dedicated staff and attention to detail.
OMG OMG OMG!!! Have loved everything I have ever tried!   The kobe meatballs, lobster escabeche, all the empanadas, shrimp chicharron, kobe beef flatbread, caipirinha.  Those are my staples that I get EVERYTIME I go!   I always sit in the bar with bartender Chris from MI, he is absolutely fabulous!!!  And, the drinks he makes always turn out phenomenal!  I insist he makes my drinks whilst there!!!
One very great meal!   We sat at the "ceviche bar" which really is the dining counter that wraps around the big open kitchen. Its fun to watch the chef and his staff at work, and sitting at the counter our food always arrived quickly.   We started with two ceviche appetizers. The first was the "millionaire taco" -a yuca taco filled with a mixture of lobster, ahi tuna and Japanese hamachi, and the second was the "rainbow" which is ahi, hamachi and salmon with white soy and citrus. For our main course we split the butter fish and a nice side of grilled asparagus. A bottle of Comte Lafond Sancerre worked fantastically with our ceviche appetizers and main course.   Our server (Jinny) was professional and attentive.   My only gripe was that the side dish of arroz tostado en cazuela (a mixture of rice, jumbo lump crab, peas, corn and asparagus in a scorching hot pot with a fried egg on top) had chorizo in it and it wasn't listed on the menu. I would rather have asked the kitchen to hold pork rather then send the dish back.
I had a great time at Deseo with my boyfriend this weekend! The chicken pozole was incredible!!! The mojitos were delicious! And the Kobe beef flat bread melted in my mouth!! The server was very friendly and helpful, and let us stay well past closing time! For dessert we ordered the creme brulee and it was soooo creamy and delicious! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who enjoys a good time!
Similar to some other posts, I would say that Deseo is just okay-o.  Despite the breathtaking hotel and resort, the restaurant itself doesn't have much to offer. It's location is not ideal to that of high end restaurant- it's in a basement you would lookover as a bar.   Food-wise, a group of us started the night with ceviches and the millionaire taco- HIGHLY recommended! If you come here and order one thing on the menu- a ceviche is thee way to go. The taco? Ingenious! Main courses were a disappointment given the prices. The salmon was moist and flavorful, but the cold side dish of a red lentil under a plantain was horrendous; I couldn't bare to take more than a bite or two- I've definitely had better salmon for under $26. Their chef special of sea bass was far from special; more ordinary at that. Kobe skirt steak was tender and very tasty, but again, the cold side dish of sliced onions was nay-ok! Dessert wise- the chocolate taco has received plentiful raves, but more cute to look at than delicious to eat at.  Call me a food snob, but I didn't think my meal and overall experience was worth $50 per person (tip included). The resort is gorgeous and I'd love to stop by for drinks (especially during sunset where the views of the golf course are spectacular), but I think Scottsdale's plethora of fine dining restaurants have more to offer than Deseo.
This place is amazing!  From the mojito bar, to the different choices for cevice, to the duck, its all good!  Its a great adventure trying the latin fushion flavors unlike most have ever tried.  It is pricey, but surely not to miss.  Save this place for your anniversary, for sure!
Monique, the bartender, makes an awesome muddled drink.  My favorite is the traditional mojito, but berry and mango mambo are very good.  She really knows how to balance the sweetness and tartness of the lime.  the dinner rolls are to die for, and the kobe beef appetizer is perfect with the truffel oil.  it is awesome!  the dinner is also spectacular but I like the appetizers the best.  honestly the price gets too high once you get to the entrees, else I would have said 5 stars.  also for 5 stars, the wine list needs to be a bit more refined.  i will definitely return though.  staff is FANTASTIC
Latin American cuisine it's NOT easy to find in AZ. Must Hispanic influenced restaurants are Mexican. But we have found an awesome place and now I know that if I crave some delicious ceviche, Pan de bono, or Mojitos (well made that is) this is the place to go. At Deseo you can find a fusion of cuisines from Colombia, Peru, Ecuador....etc.  I had not have  a PandeBono (sweet cheese bread) since I left NJ.  So If you are looking for a good ceviche or Chimichirri marinated skirt steak make a reservation at this restaurant. It is a bit pricey but  it's inside a resort and the service and the food quality are excellent.
I think the restaurant is pleasing to the eyes and the original art work is very nice.  The food was very good with a ecletic variety and a tasting menu choice.   I had a very good beet salad and the beef was excellently prepared with great flavor.  The cocktails are definitely a must here.  However, I gave it a three star rating b/c the service for the price of the food was unimpressive.  We were a party of six and our server treated us like she knew she would grat the bill and she did, not a great move for us to actually return to the place.
Disclaimer: the employer was picking up the tab for this dining experience. My review would be VERY different if I had to pay for it!  The food here is deliciously overdone. The millionaire tacos are piled high with irrelevant and tasty bits of food. The appetizers are tiny and delicately unfilling. The chicken is pounded and ever so delicated breaded and grilled. The water is refilled the instant you go below 75%. The wine is repeatedly suggested, and when you finally take them up on the offer, they have a fine list.  It's a fine place to visit when somebody else is picking up the tab.
LOVED it!  Went for the start of restaurant week and it was excellent, started off with drinks at the bar (tequilarito-I think) and then dinner and dessert.  The ceviche is killer, I actually ordered the soup but it was just as good just different.  I won for the entree dish though, mom and dad had the sea bass and I ordered the skirt steak,  totally amazing!  Finished with the rice pudding and caramel kahlua sauce.  Great atmosphere, it'd be fun to go back and do dinner and then have a "cleansing ale" as my dad likes to call it by the fire pit on the back patio of the hotel.  :)
This is by far the best ceviche I have ever had!  The empanadas are the perfect pairing with the ceviche.  Great wine selection too.  Chef Roberto takes tremendous pride in the ingredients, and he spends time telling me about his new dishes.  If you like spicy, the shrimp chichuron is a must have.
Accompanied with four fellow foodies we hit Deseo for Restaurant Week.  I'm glad I ended the week with Deseo because nothing could compare.  I started with the ceviche, a perfect start to any meal, the fish was fresh the sauce was perfect, it didn't over power the taste of the fish which most sauces tend to do.  Second course- Kobe skirt steak, cooked perfectly on a bed of onions, so tender, so flavorful (complete opposite of the kobe steak I had at Bourbon)  Third Course - chocolate cigar and chocolate gelato, not too rich, perfect pairing excellent finish.  I went to three dinners during restaurant week and Deseo was hands down best from start to finish.  Also, it was the only one that didn't make me feel like I had to roll myself home.  Worth every penny of their regular menu.
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW that's the one word that sums up my experience at Deseo.    Saturday night for a friend's bday dinner and restaurant week I went with about 8 people and we had a private room.    For starters I had the chicken posole which had jidori chicken, avocado, tepin salsa and hominy.  I had never had chicken posole before usually always pork but this was really good.  I finished my bowl and actually was craving more.    Second course was the shrimp chicharron with aji amarillo, endive, and pickled jalapenos.  It was almost the texture of popcorn shrimp but oh sooooo much yummier.    Entree course I had the loup de mer al huacatay which was a sea bass on top of crab and asparagus pionono, ajillo, and bitter orange.  Wow it was so delectable.  The fish was cooked perfectly and the sauce complimented it perfectly.  It was nice to get down to the bed of crab and asparagus that it was sitting on.    Dessert course was the chocolate cigar.  Such a great dessert.  It was very pleasing to the eye and tasted just as good.   The cappuccino gelato was a great compliment to the chocolate cigar.  I loved how even the matchbook was edible.    Overall such an amazing dinner one of my favorite meals I have ate in Phoenix and I can't wait to go back to try more of their amazing food.
3 stars because of service. The waiter made me feel rushed by asking too often whether I was ready to order and simply brought the check at the end without offering the dessert menu! There is also only one bathroom (with two stalls), which is strange for such a large restaurant. I waited for a stall to open for 5 minutes then gave up (probably wouldn't want to walk in there after those people were taking so long anyway).  Besides the service, the restaurant was wonderful. Good food, and simple but warm decor.  I would like to see them train their waiters more before I would recommend this place; there are so many impossibly amazing restaurants in Scottsdale: SKIP IT!
OMG. If you want a taste of Latin heaven, you must try Deseo at the Westin Kierland Resort and Spa. I was whisked away to this beautiful restaurant by the BF (who works at the Westin), under the impression of having "a drink or two". And boy did we. The mojitos our mixologist created for us were simply to die for, and I would be hard pressed to state my favorite. The Mango Mojito, The Strawberry Mojito, and even their standard were all amazing (and I tried them ALL).   But on top of their delicious mojito selection, the food was simply the best. Our waitress (tipped off by the BF to just bring us her favorites), first brought out the Lobster Civiche with avocado tempura in a sweet/spicy sauce. Words cannot express the deliciousness or quality of this meal. The lobster was cooked perfectly, the avocado tempura was a perfect accent, and I couldn't get enough of the sauce - we asked for more bread just to mop it all up. My mouth is literally watering right now just remembering this dish.   Next up, another civiche with fresh ahi tuna, salmon, and whitefish, mixed with cilantro and jalapenos. Again, simply divine. The fish melted in my mouth.   After both of these, we tried the popcorn curried shrimp, the tender flank steak, and the millionaire tiny tuna tacos. ALL were of the freshest quality and the most distinct flavors imaginable.   Finally, our waitress brought out the dessert - a chocolate cigar with cappuccino mousse and candy matches. It was a masterpiece in and of itself.   My only comment after this amazing meal would be this - All of the food was amazing, but I probably shouldn't have started with the Lobster Civiche. I prefer to save the best for last!
the spa was quite nice though i wouldn't recommend any of the fancy massages.  i got one of the custom-made, origin massages with the hot rocks and i wouldn't recommend getting that one again.  just get a normal massage.  i like that they gave me a fancy stone to take home as a souvenier from my massage.  supposedly has some healing or cosmic properties but i think i would have preferred the healing cosmic healing properties of a real massage.  that said the facilities were nice, the store was pretty cool in particular with the books and oils and lotions.  i picked up some stuff and a book.
The thing that I truly love about Deseo is that the kitchen obviously treasures salt and seasoning. Each wonderful dish we enjoyed was properly seasoned, either with salt, white soy, chiles and the like. The ceviches were all amazingly fresh and balanced...great citrus, awesome garnishes and nice heat when necessary. The empanada, impossibly tender filled with moist duck ropavieja, and the loup de mer was succulent and well dressed.  The cocktails are also very strong in quality and craftsmanship. Caprihnias are my favorite here, but they're most known for the mojitos...which I can attest to their great balance as well.  If you can't tell, I had a great experience here tonight and the other times I ate here as well. Check it out.  The chocolate cigar for desert us gimmicky, but pretty damned solid.
Wonderful restaurant!  Well seasoned, tasty and very distinctive flavors.  My Filet was perfect, my son's NY was awesome also.  Their tequila list is the best that I've seen.  I would make this restaurant a "must" the next time I'm in AZ.
This gem is hidden away inside the Westin Kierland Resort.  Had it not been for a recommendation from an associate, I would never have gone here.  Ambiance - The location, decor and weather all wrap around this place to make is a dining event straight out of Latin America.  Very sexy, however, the place is quite large and was very empty on the Wednesday we ventured over there.  Menu - Expansive, the cocktail list is as long as the menu.  After a few glances at yelp and some notes from the waitress we put in our order; Ceviche, tacos and a few other starters.  Presentation was to to T and very appetizing, the food was heavenly.  Main Course - All i can say is that you will experience new parts of your taste buds that you never knew existed!  The rush of flavors, savory well cooked meats and impeccable arrangements, it was a taste of heaven AGAIN.  Finally, lets close with dessert.  Chocolate cigar!  That's all it takes to top it off, the rich chocolate and coffee was a perfect end to an exquisite meal  You have to GO here, its an enjoyable meal and well worth the price paid.
We just got back from a 6 night stay at the lovely Westin Kierland Resort. The staff seemed quite enthusiastic about their restaurant Deseo and I would normally take that to mean it was an overhyped part of working there. But no-just like previous reviewers it is truly a fabulous place to dine. I won't bore the reader with tedious details-other reviews will suffice for that. My take is, after 35 years of business travel and staying at literally hundreds of hotels, this is the first hotel restaurant I have ever eaten at a second time. Do not miss it.
I've eaten her at least ten times, and enjoyed drinks and Tapas just recently.  Located inside the Westin Hotel, the restaurant probably serves mostly out of towners, which is a shame, because the food is so diverse and yummy.  And no mariachis!  "Latin-influenced cuisine," is Deseo's mantra.  I recommend the beef tenderloin churrasco style.  It's not like Brazilian Churrascaria, more an Argentinian version of tenderloin.  Enough to share.  No wet burritos, nor all you can eat chips and salsa.  Not a place to order a margarita.  Outside patio eating is awesome in the spring and summer, and some fellow wales on bag pipes at sun down.  You can see the sun setting while overlooking green fair ways, and see the Mc Dowel Mountains.  Very large open kitchen eating area for the winter months, or eat in the small bar.  Ceviche and Mojitos are Deseo's signature items, although pretty much anything on the menu is yummy.  It's the only place I've been able to have a proper Caipirinha.  Dress is "hotel casual" whatever that means. PLEASE leave your Tommy Bahama shirt and khaki shorts at home.  Or burn them.  Parking is complementary Valet until 11:00 pm, which is awesome.  You can also take a shuttle over to Kierland commons.  A very unique variety south american food, and a nice place to take your mistress (but the rooms are pricy, so I've heard).
My wife and I recently had dinner at Deseo located inside the Westin Kierlands.  We started off with a Rainbow ceviche for myself and the wife had the kobe beef tenderloin flatbread. The ceviche consisted of tuna, salmon and hamachi. The fish was very fresh but the citrus juice was way too tart and overpowering. The kobe flatbread was served on a 5 inch disk with truffle aioli and arugula. The lighting in the restaurant was dim so after my wife had a bite of the flatbread her face went from excitement to a rather unpleasant frown. The kobe tenderloin was served tartare so it was quite a shock to her. I gladly finished her flatbread and the kobe was melt in your mouth delicious. For our entrees we also went with a surf and turf theme just like our appetizer. I ordered the grilled kobe skirt steak and she went with the merluza sea bass. No complaints with the kobe skirt steak cooked perfectly med-rare. Unfortunately earlier in the week I had the hangar steak at J&G half the price and I still think it's the best bargain in town at $18. The highlight of our dinner was the merluza sea bass WOW! The fish tasted like it's been poached in butter then pan seared to heavenly goodness. I honestly think it's the best fish i've tasted in my life. Before Deseo my all time favorite was the Maine brook trout served at Arrows in Ogunquit, ME. On the way out I asked the chef if indeed the sea bass was poached in butter first and he replied no. The sea bass arrives daily and they just salt/pepper pan sear in butter then finish in the salamander broiler. So simple for an amazing dish! For dessert we drifted back to our normal culinary self and stopped by Culvers on our way home to Gilbert.
This is a modern interpretation of a Brazilian steak house, and it succeeds in most respects, especially the competent food.  However, there are rough edges.  The drinks are expensive and hardly generous.  The service, even when the restaurant was less than half full, was a little too slow.  And one of our party had the bad luck to order a steak medium rare and get it very well done indeed.  When he sent it back, it took them over 20 minutes to bring him another -- entirely too long for such a dish.  The waiter's response was "it's not my fault."  However, it was comped and we all got free dessert, which is at least part of a proper response.  Probably worth going to, if you have a 2 for 1 coupon.
On Friday, December 10th, PhoenixBites.com had the honor of co-hosting an event with The Westin Kierland Resort & Spa.  Our media guests were treated to a muddling class, ceviche instruction and tasting as well as a delightful dinner and dessert.  deseo is located on the lobby level of the resort offering an enticing menu created by James Beard award winning Chef Douglas Rodriguez, regarded as the inventor of Nuevo Latino Cuisine.  Upon arrival, we were escorted to the Muddle Bar.  The room is warm and dark, offering up a relaxing atmosphere largely due to the rich, warm wood.  We were presented with the Grande Mojito.  Our instructor and mixologist, Monique Dias, was so enthusiastic and full of information regarding all facets of muddling.  It was not only an enjoyable experience, but an interesting history lesson of sorts.  Tasty too!  We were able to sample the Grande as well as the Berry Grande Mojitos.  While both were delicious and I rather enjoyed the introduction of fruit, I am partial to the original version.  After our Muddling Course was complete we were lead to "the rail".  The Rail overlooks the open kitchen.  I have to say, if given a choice of dining at a table in the main room or at The Rail, I would always choose the rail.  I couldn't imagine all the things you would be able to see on a busy night, not to mention the tips one could pick up just by being in the presence of these amazing chefs!  Chef Rodriguez treated us to an in-depth lesson in all things ceviche.  I was amazed at the amount of information that he knew and shared with us.  (I won't spill it all, since I really want you to check out deseo and The Rail and have your experience not be tainted by mine!)  Our first indulgence was the Rainbow Ceviche, a beautifully presented dish featuring tuna, salmon and hamachi dressed with white soy, citrus, sesame seeds and pickled jalapeno.  In short - it was amazing and my hands-down favorite of the three ceviches of the night.  It was so fresh and light and the slight punch of the pickled jalapenos was unexpected yet welcomed.  Next up we had the Lobster Escabeche which was a delicate ceviche served with avocado, chives, sweet aji and garlic chips.  This is not what you think of when you hear "ceviche".  It was delicate yet rich.  Beautifully presented and a treat to my mouth!  We completed the trio with the Ceviche Mixto Clasico, full of lobster, shrimp, scallops, calamari, octopus, crab, red onion and an accompaniment of sweet potato.  What a decadent way to round out the tasting.  Prior to being served our entrees, Chef Rodriguez spread some holiday cheer by treating all of our guests to a personalized autographed copy of his most recent book, The Great Ceviche Book, revised. This book will provide you a bounty of information and instruction as well as hints and tips to create an array of ceviches!  This was such a wonderful treat to our guests and we were blown away by his generosity.  After we calmed down from the excitement, is was time for our entrees.  We were served a split plate of tender beef tenderloin and merluza sea bass and fideo.  The contrast of flavors and textures of these two dishes was complex and only lent to the entire experience of the evening.  Overall - this event, having been our first to co-host - will be close to impossible to beat.  The staff was incredible.  Everyone was so helpful and friendly.  The atmosphere was lively, but not in a crazy Scottsdale Saturday night kind of way.  The food was impeccable and all the attention to detail and care in explanation made it a night worth repeating!
I've only been to the bar here. They make amazing mojitos with an array of different fruits. I told the bartender to surprise me when I ordered my drink, and it was amazing. She put a mixture of fruit along with the mint and it was perfectly mixed. I also had their spicy shrimp appetizer which I didn't really care for. So many other places make a similar dish, but much better. They also serve really good rolls with butter that come out nice and warm. The texture of the rolls are a little unexpected. I think they use tapioca flour as their base. I will definitely be back to enjoy their main dining cuisine.
My fav ceviche bar!!!! I also love the shrimp and rice dish but for the life of me cant remember what it is called... its been a few years since I lived here.
If i had a chance to try this place without getting kicked out i might like it.  All i was looking for was a quite place to grab a drink, however the bartender rudely told us she cant serve us drinks till 530......they failed to realize the doors where open the candles were lit and no one stopped us from going all the way down the stairs to only be turn around and sent away.  It was 5pm and there were what i believe two other ladies at the bar drinking i think.  i should have pay more of a attention.  I guessing since i wasnt a VIP i could stay.
This place has the greatest muddle bar ever!!  I absolutely love mojitos and this place makes the best ones in Phoenix!!!  I like to tell the bartender to just surprise me when I go because they always come up with something fantastic!  I think my favorite fruit combos are raspberry and mango with some passion fruit!! DELICIOUS!!!  I can just go to the bar for drinks and I am good!  But then you would miss the fabulous food!  I am obssessed with the shrimp chiccharron and I love the beef tenderloin...my sis loves the ceviche...I am not the biggest ceviche fan, but was pretty good and refreshing!  The atmosphere is awesome and it could not be in a btter place...The westin kierland is amazing and very fabulous!  The staff is very sweet and the chef even came out and greeted everyone in the restaurant 3 of the 5 times I have been there! Of course, you cannot miss the chocolate cigar its fantastic!  try it try it try it!!!
I went to dinner at Deseo with my friend while we were staying at my dads in Scottsdale. I am a huge fan of Latin cuisine so when I saw it was possible to get a three course meal for $39 I jumped at the chance.   I chose the millionaire tacos as the entree which came with avocado and salsa and really enjoyed them. For the main I chose the eye fillet of beef and was pleasantly surprised at the size of beef served - it was great considering it was part of a three course meal. The beef was served with crab meat (not a fan), equadorian potato (delicious!), some peas and snow pea sprouts. Lastly the desert was just super delicious! I had a chocolate cigar and cappucino ice cream.   My friend and I sampled each others food and her entree and desert were really nice. Her main (chicken) was huge but wasn't as nice as her other courses.   The service was prompt and friendly, minus 1 star for the bland mojitos.
I thoroughly enjoyed my experience at Deseo. The food was outstanding and the mojitos, which I am usually not a fan of, are amazing and compliment the food so well. I have only been once but hopefully I will get to experience Deseo again. Four stars only because our waiter forgot our sides with our entrees and the decorum is a little ho-hum.
Especially since the rest of the hotel's food wasn't so spectacular, this place was quite a surprise. I was pleased with everything I got to try (and I tried a ton), good service, good selection. I wasn't a fan of having to sit in that weird hallway area next to the painter, but no big deal.  Duck empanadas - what a cool idea and delish! Ceviche was beautifully put together (as was everything, presentation was great here) and the biscuits were all a great start. I went with the churrasco steak....wowsa. I'm talking about a huge slab of meat where I was about to ask for a steak knife and then realized my butter knife could cut it. I savored every single bite. Couldn't pass up dessert and got a yummy and adorable dessert dish shaped like a cigar with a matchbook made of dessertness. Too cute, too good.   Only bummer is the hours - doesn't open until later and so that's a little tricky but I would have been happy to eat here everynight I was here!
I have to second Jesse J's comment about this place and add another Woooooooow to the list.  Been here twice now and each time i have left full, delighted and taste bud happy. My favorite things on the menu are probably the appetizers with the millionaire lobster tacos and mixto cerviche being melt in your mouth good. The shrimp chicharron have a nice little kick to them that is offset nicely with the endive.  On my most recent trip I got a main course of the mahi mahi with calamari. It was fantastic. I wish I could describe all the flavor combinations but there was just such a rich blend I couldn't even begin to do it justice. The fish was perfectly cooked and I was a happy camper.  For sides I highly recommend the arroz tostado en cazuela with the crab and asparagus making a great and tasty rice dish. There is plenty to share so it says for 2 people but if you have a few people and another side there will be plenty since entre portions are generous.  The dessert is the best part with the white chocolate cigar (dusted in coco powder to look like a cigar) and expresso gelato being one of the best desserts I have had at a restaurant. What was really cool was since I was there celebrating my graduation and the waiter knew he told the chefs in the back. They decorated a piece of chocolate garnish with congrats on it (I will add the photo).  Top this all off with a quiet and nice setting in the basement of the Westin and you have a winner. Seeing the artist paint live in the entry hallway is a cool little extra.  it may seem odd to have dinner in a hotel basement but it is well worth it.
Had dinner at Deseo with my husband. First stop was the lounge because the Westin gave us $25 there for being SPG platinum. Tip: you can order any appetizer from the lounge, not just what they show on the limited menu. Having now tried both the Millionaire Tacos and the Mixto Classico I am confident you cannot go wrong with their ceviche dishes. Compared to SF or NY, I would say quality is just as good and you get a little more food for your buck.  On to dinner. We sat at the counter of their exhibition kitchen and I would HIGHLY recommend this. It was fascinating and simply a lot of fun.  The Kobe beef flatbread is small but amazing. I think the beef is cured because it has a depth of flavor that is just incredible. We also split the duck entree, which was OK but in comparison to everything else it was very good but not spectacular. Deseo has a reasonably priced wine list with a focus on south American wines, including wines from Patagonia. I highly recommend a glass of the Manos Negras. Also, their bread is this dense roll- I can't remember the name of it. We'd had something similar in Colombia. Anyways, they are great especially with the butter.   Service was excellent. Friendly and unpretentious, polite, attentive, with firm recommendations from the menu.   We would love to come back here again and again.  And we would if there wasn't the allure of other restaurants to try.  The Mission in old town Scottsdale was also very good (food not quite as good but fantastic ambiance outdoors and very good food). Tonight will try Distrito.
Tried Deseo during Arizona Restaurant Week for the first time and was completely impressed. The Westin is already and awesome venue so when you walk downstairs into Deseo, you don't know what to expect. Their bar area has an amazing mojito bar. It's one of the first things you see and smell when you walk in. They have dishes and dishes of fresh fruits, vegetables, and herbs that they hand muddle into your drinks. even the virgin mojitos are wonderful.  Try Deseo - you won't be disappointed. It's classy and has sassy cuisine! Dress up - the venue is worth your great heels, ladies!
I have been here twice. I went once with a friend's family and a second time with my own. After the first time I craved it until I went back almost a year later.   I would say this is a hidden gem that possibly hotel guests get to enjoy more than the locals due to it being located in a hotel in North Scottsdale. Regardless, this place is incredible. They have a great wine selection as well as good mojitos.   However, the best thing on the menu has to be the Lobster Taco's. They are incredible. It comes in a tray with 4-5 I believe. They are little baby tacos served with the kinda spicy kinda bitter sauce that melt in your mouth. I'm not kidding - they are so great. We ordered multiple orders because they are so good that you need to just keep eating them. The first time I went I got some sort of Seafood dish that had squid, mussels, lobster, clams, and the like - but the second time I went they no longer had it on the menu. So, I ordered a beef dish. It was great but not as excellent as the previous. I would go there for the Lobster Taco's any day of the week, multiple times a day.
I went to Deseo with some friends a few weeks back.  On the night we went they had a special, Sea Bass and Kobe Beef.  I am a huge Kobe beef fan.  We all ordered the special, it came with a side of purple potatoes.  We also ordered tres ceviches, Shrimp chicharron, and three different deserts.  The side that came with the special was a waste of time, don't even put it on the plate.  The Sea Bass was good, nothing special about it.  The Shrimp Chicharron was fantastic, and the Kobe Beef was the best I had ever had.  It was cooked perfect and you cut eat it with a spoon.  I now compare every other steak to this and they all come up short.  Out of the three deserts we ordered the chocolate cigar was the best.  The service was great, the atmospher was really nice.  My table ordered a lot of food and I wish we ordered more.  Truth is I wish this place had a tasting menue.  This place is a must try.
Two visits in a very short period of time gave me two sides to the story- one was five star, one four minus.  The atmosphere with the resident artist painting onsite is five star without a doubt.  First of all- MOJITO HEAVEN!!!!  Amaze.  Period.  Order them if you like mojitos or not because you haven't had them like this.  First experience was with a girlfriend and we ordered tapas style.  FIVE STAR.  Million dollar tacos, chevche, and some shrimp heaven dish.  And the rice.  Unbelivable service.  Second night was two weeks later for business.  The service was awful and the chef was out of town.  My tiger shrimp were excellent but my guests lamb was slightly over done.  The bad service tainted it really.  I really can't wait to come back though... Million dollar tacos and Mojitos will always be a top culinary trip for me now.  Gracias.
A must for us when we visit Scottsdale.  The mojitos are delicious, the various ceviche dishes incredible and the entrees fantastic.  If it is just the wife and I we will sit at the rail and just eat off the appetizer and ceviche menu.  Expense but worth the extravagence.
Had a great meal here.  I ordered the adobo pork with corn empenada which I really enjoyed.  If I lived in the area I would surely return since there were many more dishes I wanted to try.
We attended this restaurant for an early seating at 5 p.m. and were immediately impressed with the atmosphere and professional staff.   Both were first class.  We decided to sit at the counter overlooking the chefs preparing the food and we were glad we did.  One young fellow was more than happy to answer any questions we had regarding the preparation as well as the presentation of the food.  It really was fun to watch the whole process.  We decided to go straight to the entree instead of filling up on an appetizer beforehand and we were glad we chose to do that.  We each ordered the Kobe Vaca Encebollada, which was a grilled Kobe skirt steak nestled on a bed of caramelized onions.  Alongside the steak were three slices of potato about a half inch thick and these were topped with a guacamole type mixture as well as other toppings.  They were absolutely delicious and I was so sad to reach the end of those.  The steak was cooked to absolute perfection and I was determined to clean my plate because it, too, was just so scrumptious!  It was a very ample portion and we did clean our plates and definitely had no room for dessert, unfortunately.  As our cocktail, we followed another reviewers lead and ordered virgin mojitos, which were $9.50/ea and they were delicious and also sufficed as a dessert stand-in so the tab wasn't too crazy at all.  Well worth it for that delicious steak.  We did dress up for the occasion and were glad we did as everyone was dressed casually but nice.  It's fun to have the whole experience for a special night out.    We look forward to returning soon.
I've been to this resort for events many times but have never eaten here. The only reason why I had the opportunity to try Deseo late Thursday night is a bit of a nerd's tail. I was driving home from the MIM after an event and the Nissan leaf my business partner was driving ran put of battery range. A quick check on the iPhone and we found the closest charger was at the Kierland Resort. We figured we would plug in, grab a late beer and sandwich at the bar and let the car charge.   But the bar looked meh so we thought we would find the fancy place every resort has, not knowing anything about Deseo. The wall of 4 diamond ratings was our first clue this was more than a charging stop.   The only thing keeping me from 5 stars was the decor. It was ok, but very hotel. Pleasant  but not special. Even though we got there at 9 and they were winding down the receptionist was friendly and inviting. As was our server. Friendly but not forced. She was easy to engage in a conversation and was willing to give advice when asked.   We started with Mojitos. I had one made with tequila. It was well made. Balanced and not too sweet or too minty.   We skipped the appetizers because we had snacked at our event earlier. But they looked yummy on the menu.   I had the grouper. I wanted the lamb but fish seemed better that late. It was cooked perfect, covered in an intriguing sauce with just enough heat to be interesting. He side was a collection of chopped up veggies with angel hair pasta. It was even better than the fish. Each bite was a slightly different experience. It all worked well together.   For desert I had Berries on some flan. It was just as good, not too sweet, and the flan had the right consistency.   We took our time and let the car charge for about an hour and 20 minutes, more than enough to get home.   I can't wait to come back with the wife and have a full meal. The wine list is award winning and had some great choices on it. I also want to sample some appetizers. But I won't bring an electric car next time.
Chef Roberto Madrid has been at Deseo since it opened and he is the Latin King of great food. sat at the table overlooking the busy kitchen because 1: i was solo 2: the sous chef may take pity on me and throw me a free sample of the Millionaire Taco (he did and it was AMAZING!) 3: a friend told me to sit in Jinny's section. Please ask for her-she is truly talented and sweet person.   So...shrimp chicarron anyone? Fiery sauce, plump shrimp and pickled jalepenos (of course I asked for more, which killed me the next day).  Chef Roberto introduced himself to me, probably in an effort to slow my eating process down to a respectable tempo...he was so gracious. Then I was back inhaling the warm yeast rolls served with real (thank you ) butter and plenty of it.  Real cocktails here, worthy of the name Deseo (meaning Desire) and I desire a great drink. Check out the bar area first and you can understand why your mojito or specialty cocktail costs $11-14. Real fresh fruit and herbs and high end liquor as their staple. Most bars serve juice from a can and still expect you to pay top dollar. I told Jinny I wanted a drink "made of rums, fresh juices and fruit" ...go wild. The bartender created some drink I'm going to call "Skipping Home" because I literally skipped upstairs to my room afterward!   I always eat here at least two times when I stay at The Westin Kierland. Check to make sure they are open since it isn't open 7 nights a week. Definitely worth a trip, even if you aren't staying there...but you should...so much to do on property.
Amazing! We tried many different things and every single thing was delicious! Must go!
When I see 4 1/2 stars and over 60 reviews... expectations are set.  Clearly I am in the minority, but deseo fell flat.  The service, from the hostess to the server to the bus boy was on point.  In no way do I want to take away from the people who accommodated a late dinner, great job.   The decor was fine, I still felt like I was in a hotel basement and I really got the vibe it used to be a sushi joint, but that wasn't really the issue. The issue was, for the amount and quality of the food... I felt like we got robbed.  My dinner companion tried to order our appetizer twice because he didn't realize we had already eaten it, and he is not missing any screws (that I know of). Delicious yes, substantial no; don't be fooled the kobe beef tenderloin on casabe flatbread is not as hearty as it sounds.  It was the size of my hand cut into 4 smaller-than-tostitos-restaurant-style chips, and this coming from a girl who will fight for a seat at tapas joints.  I understand the concept of ordering several plates and sharing, here you need several plates to yourself and you pay for it.  The soup comes in a bowl bigger than my sink and contained literally a few spoonfuls; for what its worth the consistency on this dish wasn't too great... chunks that sunk to the bottom with super thin almost broth fill the rest of the space.  The arroz tostado en cazuela was a fantastic side dish, and actually ended up being most of my dinner because more came with that, than my actual meal.  I don't really want to keep going because I know I am against the grain here, so put it down to an uneducated diner if you want to scoff... but I felt guilty when the bill came.  The place was not bad, by any means, but overall it was just A-OK when I was expecting a higher level of dining based off Yelp.  I would be embarrassed to recommend this place for a certain price point dining experience, even to people with oodles and oodles of money to burn looking to eat latin american cuisine, in a faux sushi bar, at a hotel.  I feel there are plenty of other places I would rather go for the money, although I'm not above admitting that improper expectations could be the reason we were so disappointed.
Seriously, some of the best food I've ever had! Super great. The shrimp appetizer was to die for, I mean it. I ended up having the special of the night, which was lamp chops. OMG! I was so full, but couldn't stop eating it. I practically licked my plate! The prices are expensive, but so totally worth it, especially for a special occasion. I almost forgot...  the bread they give you as a starter thing, excuse my french... HOLY S*$T. I cannot explain to you how great this bread is. I mean seriously, we ended up being the white trash people who asked for one more dinner roll, because it was like 'last meal of your life' type good. (and gluten free for those with celiac - so everyone can try this little bit of heaven)!! Go here on an empty stomach and ENJOY!
wonderful flavors;  great service, classy interior - one of the best in scottsdale
I live in Kierland and have wanted to try Deseo for awhile, Im glad I did. To start half price mojitos in the bar, then dinner, make sure you ask for the (RAIL) think Food Network. Chef Madrid knows his stuff ask him for his opinion, ceviche is the best in town, get the Cigar for dessert make sure you ask for Sara to serve you, she is attentive and very knowledgeable plus easy on the eyes ;)  A++++
It was Date Night and we were looking for a culinary experience, We did have to make special advance reservations but we opted for a Chef's Selection Five-Course Tasting Meal.  As we enter we are immediately welcomed graciously by the friendly host, our table isn't ready yet so we get a chance to observe the resident artist create a beautiful and colorful piece in the restaurant lobby. He takes a moment to chat with me about his work and the restaurant is adorned with it work throughout.  Once we are seated we decide on some of the Muddled Cocktails trying the Very Berry and the Mambo Mango. Both tasted very "fresh" it was obvious the fruit used were at their peak and the flavors were balanced expertly.   For our first course we tried the Billionaire Tacos (we may not be, but we can dream) and the Rainbow Ceviche. These were out-of-character selections as I am not a "seafood" person, but I was happily surprised. The "fishy" flavor I dislike was nowhere to be found in either of these dishes. Both were a perfect melody of flavors, our favorite enhancement being the red jalapeno that really woke your taste buds (and sinuses) up. Also, incredibly noteable was the yuca wrapped mahi-mahi. It literally melted in your mouth. It was savory, buttery, crisp and tender.   The service was excellent and the food memorable. You can bet we will be visiting Deseo again.
I'm writing this review a little late as we visited in the last week of June.  I will try to remember the details.   Environment: Beautiful Service:  Excellent Mojitos:  Awesome  Food:  Great  The in depth talk in the lobby with the resident artist:  Priceless.
I've been twice now, with both visits having a couple years in between them. After the first visit, I always wanted to go back, so my most recent visit was highly anticipated.    Deseo is a great date night type place. The decor is very nice and being at the Westin in Kierland, you can always transition to the outdoor patio after dinner for a complete evening.   But I will have to admit, my girlfriend and I found the food to be quite hit and miss.   We started out with some drinks from their famed mojito list. I'm no alcoholic, but when I order a drink like this, I actually want to taste some alcohol. The juice and the mint was too overpowering and all not seemingly to blend well together.   As for the food, we really enjoyed some of the mini tacos, despite some of the selection being heavy on the mayo, and the ceviche was good as well. We also ordered the crab fried rice, which sounded like a real winner. I'm from Maryland originally where not eating crab is a crime against the state. We couldn't finish it. Instead of savory, it was sweet. Not what we were expecting and frankly, rendered it inedible.  I'll likely go back - the one-two punch of the restaurant and patio is too good to pass up. I'm looking forward to trying some other dishes that will be 5 star worthy instead of my 3 star experience.
I've been here a couple times and I always enjoy the different ceviches and appetizers we order- never tried one that I didn't like. Also their bread rolls and butter are really good. A different bread taste than most are used to but I like that it's unique. Just as a heads up, their drinks are very small for the price you pay for each. Their main entrees are delicious, I love their sea bass. My boyfriend always get this steak/crab combo that I've tried and it's reeeeally good. I did try the lamb once but I was not a fan. Service is excellent, knowledgable, and attentive.
Wow...this place is incredible!  We enjoyed the unwind hour at the lounge and had a great experience.  $6 muddled drinks and select wines...the sparkling rose was great!  The shrimp chicharron was to die for...so flavorful and just so tasty.  Best appetizer I have tried in a very, very long time!  I will definitely be back!
We dined at Deseo last night. The food, service and ambiance were spectacular. We sat at the open kitchen "bar". It was great watching culinary art being created. Highly recommend for serious foodies
Great Kobe on flatbread and the skirt steak is fantastic. Waiters are very attentive and helpful. I've eaten here twice in the days (conference) and I would go back. Their menu is diverse enough to try something new again.
Maybe my expectations were too high.  The food is good.  The drinks are unique.  The ambiance is pleasant.  The service is friendly and accommodating.  So why only three stars?  Because when I may be shelling out more than $100 dollars for dinner for two at a resort restaurant with a James Beard winning chef at the helm, I want to be blown away.  I like the set up.  The entrance is a short walk from the front of the Westin.  You enter through a side door, then go down a candle lit staircase to the hostess stand.  The hostess is as pleasant as can be, and there is an artist working on some pieces, which was interesting to watch for the minute or two we waited for someone to take us to our table.  I also am fascinated by the bar set up around the open kitchen.  I always find it interesting to watch they way high class restaurants prepare food (unless you end you seeing something nasty).  Deseo's set up is very sleek and modern.  We started with a round of Mojitos.  I had berry, my girlfriend had nectar.  The berry was okay after I made the effort to crush up the fresh fruit and mint with my straw.  I hate to sound lazy, but you'd think that's something the bartender would've done.  The nectar was much better.  For our meals we had the beef tenderloin and lamb.  The beef tenderloin was said to be churrasco style.  That usually means flat and charred with a chimichurri sauce.  This steak was big and fat, and the sauce was barely there.  It was a good Beef tenderloin and cooked perfectly to medium, but it wasn't anything amazing.  There also was a sauce on the plate that was very powerfully vinegary, which was a little odd.  The lamb itself was excellent, but it also had a very oily sauce on the plate that I didn't care for.  For dessert, we had the chocolate cigar.  This was cool just in presentation, alone.  A thin small cake, rolled like a cigar, with a white chocolate and hazelnut filling.  It also had a coffee gelato served along side.  I also want to mention the awesome rolls.  The bread was made from some sort of white corn and served with a garlic butter.  If more were brought to the table I would've eaten all of them.  Although I found it odd that the rolls came just seconds before our meal.  I guess the bread guy was on break.  The food was good.  But as I've said, none of it had that wow factor I was hoping for.  The bill for this meal came to $115.  Not crazy expensive, but just high enough to leave me desiring more from the kitchen staff.  I used a $60 for $30 gift certificate from localdines (http://www.localdines.com/phoenix?ref=19485) which knocked a good portion of that cost off of the check.  overall, Deseo is wonderful place to dine.  Everything is fresh and well prepared, but I have been to many better places in the valley that are a lot easier on the wallet.  Worth an experience, but I don't know if its worth another visit in the immediate future.
This is a greatly over-rated hotel restaurant with average food. The ambiance is romantic and wonderful and the service was that of a higher end restaurant. We tried the Millionaire Tacos which are really good, but heavy on the mayonnaise. The Ruby Red Tuna ceviche was excellent.   We decided to order small plates and I was super disappointed in the Shrimp Chicarron which is lightly fried rock shrimp in a sweet sauce. This is supposedly a signature dish which is really odd. Rock shrimp and a small step above Oregon shrimp or Bay shrimp in quality. Frying these and putting a "General-Tso-like" sauce over them did nothing for me. Somehow, I thought the genre was Southwest and this is about as Southwest as a Won Ton.  We then tried the kobe beef tenderloin on casabe flatbread which was ok, but not wonderful. The maduros cubanos which are the plantains were my favorite item.   All in all, not really Southwest and not all that great.   Parking was free, though and the restaurant was not super expensive.
I've been wanting to try Deseo for awhile now, as the Westin is where my Husband and I stayed on our wedding night.  We finally had the opportunity to eat here while my Husband's Uncle was staying at the Westin for a business trip.  The restaurant itself as a really nice atmosphere and has an entrance downstairs from the hotel lobby.  Because you go downstairs, it doesn't really feel like a hotel restaurant, which was really nice.  The restaurant is bid and very well decorated and has a nice view to the grounds outside.  The food we partook in was awesome.  We were all watching our carbs, so we didn't try the bread, which was served before the meal, but it looked great.  I opted for the flat iron steak and the Hubs go the chimicurri steak.  MY OH MY we were both in seventh heaven.  My steak was juicy and full of flavor.  Even the asparagus on the side was amazing.  I ate every bite of my meal as did everyone else at the table.  I'm still thinking about that steak months later.  Though the meal was expensive (due to drinks and entrees) we had a localdines coupon, which offset it a bit.  In my opinion, it was worth every penny!
One of my favorite spots in Scottsdale - Deseo never disappoints.  I especially LOVE their cheese bread - it's unbelievable.  I've eaten a ton of their main meals and frequently order the chef special of the night, which never disappoints.  I love sitting up at the bar near the kitchen and watching the chefs create the magnificent food.  This place is really great.  Consider date night here - it's intimate and romantic!
Found on yelp and was very impressed.  Their millionaire's tacos are excellent along with the cigar dessert.  Fun place, good drinks.
Wow, wow, and wow! Great food along w friendly service in a relaxed modern setting.  Beef tenderloin was excellent.  Def order the millionaire tacos. Great ceviche dishes. Coco mo mojito was flavorful. Chocolate cigar for dessert was rich and yummy! Great place to tk out of town guests.  Def will be going back ;)))
Looking for a place to eat, we stumbled across this joint.  What a great surprise!  The restaurant is located on the sublevel floor of the hotel, below the lobby.  It's kind of hidden and difficult to find if you're unfamiliar with the place....but worth looking for.  The stairwell is lit with candles...I wonder how long it takes to light all of those every day?  Ha!  They serve you this Bread that must come from Heaven because it's so awesome!  The only bad part is that the Butter comes out cold and hard....why do restaurants do that?!  It's such a pain to spread it on the Bread.....it was awesome nevertheless.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/deseo-scottsdale?select=2eQrsJcdON3yV2NWBPJq5w#2eQrsJcdON3yV2NWBPJq5w http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/deseo-scottsdale?select=nhgW17m3ur1K6_t2ewSXRQ#nhgW17m3ur1K6_t2ewSXRQ  For appetizers, we had the Kobe Beef Tenderloin Flatbread, $12.  It was very good and raw.....the server didn't tell us it was raw and neither did the menu (see pics below).  Good thing we didn't mind, but consider yourself warned. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/deseo-scottsdale?select=0hM9bfms7OIUO2zP98tL1w#0hM9bfms7OIUO2zP98tL1w http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/deseo-scottsdale?select=4bqUF6UcLnJTWSHAIVRFpQ#4bqUF6UcLnJTWSHAIVRFpQ  The Better Half had the Lump Crab, $14 and I had the Annatto Pollo Asado (Jidori Chicken), $27. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/deseo-scottsdale?select=Zp0dRqvTPsRo-B1FmjLXvQ#Zp0dRqvTPsRo-B1FmjLXvQ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/deseo-scottsdale?select=0tOnd6OKDEW3P7U6Osq8Ew#0tOnd6OKDEW3P7U6Osq8Ew  For a side dish, we both split a Calabzitas Con Queso (Squash & Oaxaca Cheese), $6. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/deseo-scottsdale?select=0o4t4YI1Gd10sO4wnhCerA#0o4t4YI1Gd10sO4wnhCerA  The Jidori Chicken is full of flavor and comes with some Pasta, so it's very filling.  The Squash & Cheese was good, but I thought was a little runny.  Very different flavors for your palette here.  The service was outstanding and the room is very elegant and romantic.  We washed it down with a bottle of Cabernet of course....yum!  I'm glad we found this place, can't wait to return.  Return Factor - 99%
Decent food. Had lamb chops for the entree, was a little too salty.
So a group of 8 friends descended upon this place with no clue of latin cuisine but only united by their love for food and desire to try something new. And we weren't disappointed . Everything starting from the appetisers to the specially created birthday desert was awesome . Here are my recos: The lobser cevice as well as the rainbow ceviche are insanely flavorful, the corn chowder is among the best that I have tried . I personally would rank the shrimp chicarron a little lower simply because it was a little on the sweeter side but thats purely a personal taste.  In the entrees, everyone loved what they ordered so go for the mahi mahi or the halibut or the lamb chops. I was sceptical that this may be one of those 'big plates, small food'  restaurants but the portion size is good. Though frankly, if they only gave me the dinner rolls and the butter , I'd camp happily too.  The service was slightly less on the 'surprise and delight side' that i would expect from a place this high end but the good food probably makes up for what I am hoping was an 'off night' that our server had.  Great for a special ocassion, great for trying out something new that leaves you with so many great options to come back again.
I know this restaurant gets high marks, but it is lacking in heart, and the food, while interesting has no soul, no depth. The menu sounds very exotic, South American flavors...could be really something, but unfortunately, the tastes were disappointing. It really is hotel food. We tasted the different ceviches, which were pretty to look at but in the taste department not really outstanding. The quesadilla, billed as South American was average. The mahi mahi was also just a C....One good dish was the plantains, nice and sweet/sticky...but overall this place was not worth the price or the calories. I must admit, the hotel while a lovely resort, is just not the right place for good regional or ethnic food. But if you are staying in the hotel and don't want to venture too far, then Deseo is OK....but nothing more.
This was a great dinner.  My wife and I were staying at the resort on vacation and knew we wanted a special meal... this did not dissapoint!  As many yelper's talk about, the Millionaire Tacos are fantanstic.. the 5 little mini tacos were just enough for a light start to a heavier meal... and do not get me started on the bread (rolls) as  could have just had bread and butter and walked away happy.  Drinks were yummy (both had mojitos) and main courses were perfect (Beef Tenderloin for me, Halibut for my wife).. we were also blown away by the side dish of smoked paprika garbanzo beans (with spanish chorizo)... it was an outstanding compliment to dinner. We opted for the Warm Chocolate Croquettes which were so good I wanted more even though I was full.  This is an OUTSTANDING restaurant!
Yay for SPG Restaurant Month with a special priced 3-course prix fixe menu! It just made more sense to try out this new place in the valley and I was happy for the decision :)  Upon arrival to the restaurant, we took a spot at the self-parking and took a small walk into the resort and it was so worth it, you can feel the quietness and relaxation! The restaurant is at the lower level of the main lobby, we opted to walk down the stairway instead of taking the elevator. Reservation was confirmed with the host and we were taken to our table, very modern and contemporary design, with Latin American music in the air, very romantic if that is the occasion.  And we were not surprised there were only a few tables, I bet everyone else  was in front of their TV watching the super bowl.  Now it's food!  Two appetizers - we were recommended by the waiter to have a warm dish and a cold dish, and our choices took the Millionaire Taco and the Squash Blossom Tetilla Quesadilla. Both were very tasty as well as nicely presented, especially the tacos! They were so cute at looking and so delicious at taste! Mixed lobster, ahi tuna and hamachi meat with a chipotle mayo-ish sauce scooped into a small crunchy yuca chip, hmmm, can i have some more? The quesadilla was warm and the cheese was just melting, it's not the typical tortilla you would have, not sure what it is called, but this ones were thinner and attracted a bit of more oil...  Two entrees -  +Pan seared Mahi Mahi on top of a light broth with some shrimps, shaved calamari and some peas, it also came with a spoonful of freshly grained chili pepper and amarath for some extra spiciness. The dish looked very healthy and pretty with different colors, tasty yet I couldn't say a lot about the freshness of the fish, or the other tastes just stole the fish.  +'Kobe vaca encebollada' - grilled kobe skirt steak with a strong tomato based sauce on the top, paired with some purple potato with egg and guacamole. The sauce has a mixture flavor of sweet and spicy, and also a little sour? It's definitely not how you eat your typical steak, but be a bit adventurous and see what you think?   -Two desserts - We felt like this was the final show and you see it! The chocolate cigar and the flan (?) with some fresh berries. They even made a couple of little matches with the cigar! and of course they are all edible! The 'cigar' was made of dark chocolate and very rich, paired with some coffee/caramel ice cream was just heavenly!  Overall our dining experience was a joy. Our waiter was nice and attentive, also knowledgeable about what came to our table. All of the food were delicious with nice presentations, we can't say if these are your authentic Latin food as we are no pro. Definitely a good 'hidden' place for a special occasion!
We were staying at the Westin Kierland, and this was simply the highest rated restaurant we could walk to - and walking was necessary because we drank a huge bottle of champagne in the room prior to beginning our adventure.  The hostesses sat us up on the rail - allowing us to watch the kitchen - which was really incredible.  We ordered a couple drinks, then shared the shrimp appetizer - which was both sweet and spicy.  Then, we noticed these tiny millionaire tacos that another guest had ordered and our mouths started watering.  The chef noticed, and totally made one for us on the house - which rarely happens.  They were amaze-balls, and something everyone should put in their mouth.  The main course was pork three ways - and the pork belly was good enough to slap yo mama.  Holy pig.  Seriously, some of the best pork we've had to date.  The other two were good as well, but that damn pork belly.  Phew.  For dessert, which we really didn't have room for but couldn't say no based on how perfect the rest of the meal was, was their chocolate cigar.  Just get this dessert.  Do it.  Actually, I would recommend everything we tried, and would especially recommend sitting up where you can see all the magic happen in the kitchen.  Well done deseo, we'll be back fo sho.
disappointing... bought the most expensive meal on the menu which is ceviche but not worth my $35... I'm not going there again... to be fair, I'll give them credit for the delicious yuca roll and the ambience
Perfect ambiance- Fantastic for date night.
The food here is pretty expensive.  Fortunately I had a 50% off hot rate card for food.  FTW!  The apps and ceviche was just ok. The entrees were delicious here.  The steak and the chicken were really good.  I would probably go back just for that if I had the 50% off to eat here.  Otherwise for a $36 steak I'd rather hit up Maestros across the street.
Really enjoyed my two meals here over 3 days. We sat at the rail both times and had a good convo with the Chefs. I loved the millionaire tacos, and the flat bread. I also couldn't get enough of their ceviches, all were super good.   The muddle bar looked like fun, unfortunately we missed it both times. Next time it is on my list as a must do! I'll be back here in the future.
The fact that this is only the 93rd review for Deseo makes me want to break out my pimp hand and slap everyone that is not reviewing this restaurant.  Deseo is easily one of the very best restaurants in all of Arizona.   Being located in the amazing Westin Kierland Resort only makes it more of a treat.  Walking around before and after add an ambience that driving up to a smaller restaurant in a strip mall will never have.    I'm not one to go into great detail about the food so I will just say that everything I tried was simply incredible and I would go back a million times (and will to finish trying the whole menu...because I am a serious future fattie.)  Here is what happened:   Mojitos: The Nectar Grande and the Grand Grande were killer! Best Mojito I have ever had!  Apps:  Millionaire Tacos and Shrimp Chicharron!!!  Entrees:  Yuca wrapped dorado al ajillo (Mahi Mahi-Shrimp-Amarath-Shaved Calamari-roasted Garlic)                  Kobe Vaca Encebollada (Grilled Kobe Skirt Steak-Huancaina Potato-Oven dried tomato)  Sides:  Maduros Cubanos (Ripped Plantains)               Alcachofa y Romesco (Roasted Artichoke-Roasted Tomato and Pepita Romesco)  Dessert:  Chocolate Cigar (Chocolate espuma-cappuccino gelato)   They had to roll me out in a wheel barrel....and I applauded the chef heartily as they did so.    Definitely Stop In!!!  (and ask for server Samantha, she was fantastic.)
Went to deseo for the first time with my boyfriend on 7/9/13 and we had the greatest of times! Our server Sam was incredible her knowledge of the menu and her interest in ensuring that our experience was above average. We were sat at the rail with Hector (our hostess Elizabeth gave us the best spot) and we were immediately treated like family. Roberto and Gama made sure that our glasses were never empty with water and we had endless yucca bread rolls the entire night. We had the millionaire tacos to begin our Nuevo Latina experience with and they were out of this world. I was very shy trying the ceviches but the millionaire tacos were a great starting point. We also had the shrimp chicharron, which had an amazing sweet and spicy flavor. To pair with the shrimp we had the Kobe Beef Tenderloin on casabe flatbread, which was incredible. For dinner I had the special, which was a beef tenderloin filet, and Sam helped me chose the best cook for the meat and she was right on the money! The beef was so tender, all it took was a bite and the meat just melted in my mouth. On to dessert we had the signature chocolate cigar and despite the amount of food I already consumed I inhaled the dessert like it was nothing. The food is mind-blowing, the service is incredible and the atmosphere is very relaxing and comforting. Highly recommended for a night out or a romantic date night. Thank you deseo for an unforgettable dinner!
Have been here many times. One of the best restaurants in Scottsdale. Love the Kobe steak encebollada. The ceviche is amazing! The muddled drinks are always really good, too. I've never had something I didn't like here. Highly recommend.
We actually came in on a voucher, so we had a prix fixe menu. Also to be mentioned, I have dietary restrictions (no dairy) so that can be difficult when there are a limited amount of dishes to chose from. HOWEVER, they were still very accommodating. I was bummed tho because I really wanted the mahi mahi wrapped in yuca, but because of my allergy they could only prepare the fish without the yuca, as it was previously prepared wrapped in cheese along with the yuca (bummer, as that was the whole point :/ )   Surprisingly, even tho I really couldn't enjoy the main attraction, the sauce the fish came with was FULL of flavor. This is what I expect from a high dollar restaurant. I also had the yuca tacos for an appetizer (had to get that yuca in somewhere!) which were good. For desert, I really didn't expect to eat anything, but they surprised be with a bowl of fruit which was Ah-MAZE-ing.... Berries covered in this wonderful cinnamon and spice infused syrup topped with candied orange rind, I mean EEEKKK!!!! This should be on their regular menu!! Is it? I didn't even check; if its not, I'm telling you, there is some talent in that kitchen and it SHOULD BE on the menu.   As far as ambiance,  I honestly didn't think it was extra special... I've been to many a restaurant with more thought put into the decor. What it does have going for it are the huge windows facing out to the resort's golf course. I think eating on their patio would be most ideal for a romantic ambience while dining (just maybe wait till November for that)   Over all it was a positive dining experience and I would recommend :)
We at last ventured to Deseo during restaurant week.  It was perfect!  From our gracious and knowledgeable waitress, Samantha, through dessert, we were charmed by the room, the service, and of course the wonderful food. Before my ceviche arrived I had mini tacos, with a lovely presentation. The rice, crab and egg dish was an add on for us, with generous portion to take home. Our entrees were perfect; my husband remarked his flank steak was the best he'd had. My chicken entree was well seasoned and tender.  We'll return soon!  Lovely to know we can also sit at the rail for tapas.
It's a great latin restaurant !
I went here with my husband on a date night!! Everything about this restaurant was amazing. The place is decorated very nicely and has a modern touch to it. The food was very flavorful, it literally makes you fall in love with it by firing all your tastebuds. t's a little on the expensive side but it's well worth the price. Compared to other high end restaurants the portions here are pretty big.  The ambiance was very romantic with candle lights and all, I would definitely recommend this place for a romantic date.  The only aspect that was a little lacking was probably the service, but the food was so great that I was happy they weren't bothering me too much.
I booked a table for two for my husband's birthday through open table.  Under the comment/suggestion box I told them it was his birthday and asked for a special birthday dessert, which they so generously provided.  For starters we had an ahi appetizer with avocado. Highly recommend.  For dinner we did the filet and skirt steak, along with a side of the rice and crab dish.  Everything tasted fantastic and had it's own individual flavor that complimented the other food items.  As stated early, for dessert (gratis) they gave my husband a chocolate cigar, white chocolate bar, and cappuccino gelato.  It was all amazing and great way to end the meal.  Thanks to our waiter Samantha!
This plac is amazing.  We went during restaurant week and had a wonderful three course dinner.  I have celiac disease and they were very accomodating.  Their dinner rolls are gluten free and so delicious.  They sent me home with four rolls.
I know the chef de cuisine was awarded the James beard award but I thought the food was just okay. Perhaps I'm a good snob given the volume of fantastic restaurants in NYC but for the price and all the hyped reviews, I thought the food was underwhelming.   Starter: tres ceviches -consisted of three different types of seafood ceviches that took longer to compose than it did for me to consume. It was worth the wait as anything doused with lime juice is a win for me. My favorite of the trio was the lobster escabeche with avocado tempura. Flavor notes were reminiscent of nachos lol. The tuna third of the app was great, served with a coconut milk sauce. There was a weird popcorn garnish that I thought was completely unnecessary.    Main: I had the special of the night which was zucchini wrapped scallops with skirt steak -scallops weren't seared as well as they could've been. No real crust and wrapping then in zucchini only made them mushy. However I have to respect the quality of the actual ingredient and they were a pair of meaty and juicy scallops!  The steak it was served with was smothered in this weird, cloyingly sweet sauce that was completely off putting. It was served over a bed of sautéed mushrooms that was also drenched in this sugary gloop. I was really sad that I wasn't able to clean my plate as I generally try to do everywhere I eat (think of the starving children in the world) but the sauce ruined things for me. I did my best to wipe it off the meat but even then I was chewing and swallowing with my breath held and mentally clenched teeth.   Overall: service was great and liked my app but the entree depressed me. Maybe the standard menu options would've been better but if you're looking to try something new, avoid the special!
Amazing! Second time here in a week.  Probably my new 1st or 2nd favorite upper end restaurant in Arizona!  Service = 4.5  Food = 5 Ambiance = 4.5 Beverages = 4.5 Wine list = Didn't look Chef = 5.  Talented, creative and a personality!  I will always take my guests to Daseo!
VERY very Very GOOD! I have to teeter totter between four and five stars.  When I tasted the dinner roll I knew this place wasn't average. I never tasted a roll like this before. It almost tasted like it was made with white corn flour but it wasn't. The roll was Yucca flour and cheese and was gluten free.  The menu is difficult to read.   We ordered the Kampachi En Leche De Tigre. Our waiter translated it as Kampachi two ways. It was the most generous portion of Kampachi I ever had anywhere and both kinds were delicious. One was mild and the other was sort of creamy spicy and cut with avocados. The presentation was outstanding. ($16.)  My husband ordered the Bone-In Pork Chleta, it was described on the menu as Niman Ranch Pork Loin Spanish Chorizo, Kale and Peruvian Giant White Beans ($28.)   I note it is our fault for not revealing an allergy but there is no mention of lots of pineapple in this dish and my husband has a pineapple allergy. He receives his plate and looks at all the chunks of pineapple on top of the pork and shoves it aside and takes a bite of the pork and says IT'S DELICIOUS but then starts to get an itchy throat. He stops and ask the Chef in the open kitchen about the Pork and we find out the pork is also marinated in pineapple.   LICKITY SPLIT the CHEF takes BOTH our plates and makes us new ones right away! The Chef suggest the Beef Tenderloin for my husband and he soon received that!  I Received a new Pan-Seared Halibut. The fish was cooked perfect and seemed like oil poached. The Fideo was loaded with lots of fresh vegetables and was flavorful and very good. I remember reading something about cauliflower and spinach with this dish and they arrived as pretty sauces on the plate that individually tasted very different. ($32.) The green sauce was kind of sweet and the yellowish sauce was savory.  We shared a side order of Red Lentils with Mustard Greens. ($8.) They were the most delicious Lentils I ever had! They were made with toasted Marcona Almonds, Local Dates, and Mahon cheese. All these flavors together was amazing.  The Beef Tenderloin was all you want it to be. It melted in the mouth and was very flavorful. Everything on that plate was Delicious.  We were too full for dessert.  Deseo participates with LocalDines.Com. I didn't have any trouble using my local dines here and saved approximately $30.00 of my check.  I'm still teeter Toddling between 4 and 5 stars. The food is five stars or close to five. I think the menu should be more descriptive or the server should explain the dishes. All through the meal many different people served us and in the end things turned out fine but the service from the wait staff just doesn't feel like five star service to me and I'm not certain if my server even knew we had a problem during our stay. I don't know if my experience is typical or my waiter might have been new or just seemed loaded with too many tables. He was very good answering our questions in the beginning of our stay but we didn't see much of him until he said something like "Are you going to be having dessert?" A professional server would say something like, "We have many delicious desserts and my favorite one is.....or our most popular one is.....Food wise was excellent and the Chef went  above his duties and out of his way to take care of us. Servicer wise it felt more like a Macaroni Grill instead of a Binkley's. Not bad but not as high end as the food.  4.5 Stars
I took a lady friend here for restaurant week. The server was fantastic with recommendations and explaining every dish in detail. I don't have a lot of extravagant South American food to compare with but this was some of the best food I've ever had. The sashimi ceviche was amazing! I will definitely be back.
This was my second visit. The first time I would have given it a 5 star review, but this time I was very disappointed. I ordered the Kobe Skirt Steak because I loved it last time, but for some reason it wasn't as good on this visit. As a side I ordered the red lentils with dates. It was tasty but the dates were overpowering the dish and the consistency was like soup. The waiter's English was difficult to understand and this side came after I ate the entrée. He did take it off our bill without asking, but the restaurant was practically empty, therefore I don't understand why this happened. The bread rolls and butter were fantastic. Could have made a meal of just that. My husband had the Denver Lamb Chops and enjoyed them very much, but was still hungry afterwards. He has a healthy appetite. I wanted to order a dinner salad, but they only have one on the menu, which I had on my 1st visit. It was ok. Nothing special. The purple potatoes were delicious on my 1st visit, but not done enough on my 2nd. Obviously, this restaurant can be great or just so-so. It is not consistent. Not sure, if I will give it a 3rd chance.
Deseo is a beautiful restaurant that has an elegant menu and decor, and a price point that encourages fine dining.   We showed up at our 7pm res ready to celebrate our wedding anniversary, and dressed for a romantic evening in what he had heard is a lovely setting.  The food and service were very good, but that's not my strongest recollection.  More than half the guests were dressed very casually, some in gym shorts and flip flops.  They did not add to the attractiveness of the place when they walked by.  The table directly in front of us had three unruly children that stressed us out.  It all made for an unromantic setting.  I would recommend Deseo for casual dining if you are already on the property, but there are many other places in the area that do fine dining better.
Just had dinner here based on the other yelp reviews. It was wonderful! Lived up to and exceeded my expectations. Had the millionaire tacos, beet salad and we both had the yucca crusted fish dinner. Everything was fabulous. Service was excellent. I highly recommend this restaurant. Actually I hope to come here again tomorrow for dinner! .
Finally, a restaurant in Scottsdale worth the price. One of the few top tier restaurants in the area. An ideal place for a first date or anniversary.   Food was aesthetically pleasing and delicious.  Waiter was friendly, did not rush us, and took his time to explain the menu. Portion sizes were filling. Dessert was fantastic and definitely seemed home made.  I am a big fan of fresh meat and I was not disappointed here. It was spiced to perfection.
Returned for a much anticipated dining experience we'd had previously. The mini millionaires tacos were still first cabin, but by halibut was just so-so, and the asparagus ordinary, large and tough. Dessert- a sort of panne cotta, was tasteless. Service was very good and attentive, but with so many choices for dining, we may not go back.
Favorite thing on the menu is Shrimp Chicharron. I could eat three plates of this! Sitting on the rail and watching them cook and interacting with the chefs is incredible.   Be sure to get there early and enjoy the mojitos at happy hour.
Really superb food and service. Drinks were very good. Halibut was fabulous.  Sat at The Rail and really enjoyed watching the chefs work their magic.  Ordered a trio of ceviche, each one was better than the last. Enjoyed the beef empanadas and the shrimp tempura. The sauce was amazing.  We had the Kobe flank steak and the halibut for our main courses. Both of which were excellent. I've lived near this place for years but it won't be years before I go back!
Great atmosphere, delicious appetizers and bread, and fabulous entrees.  Didn't have room for desert because every plate was cleaned.
For our second anniversary dinner, I was looking for a new place for a special dinner.  I came across a Groupon for Deseo for their 3 course Prix Fixe menu.  Using a Groupon at a fancy place always feels a bit awkward because you're suppose to announce the discount you are using to the hostess as well as the server.  But I didn't feel as if they treated me any different from a normal paying patron, and service was fantastic. The setting at the Westin is very nice, although we did go during Spring Break...which means a lot of families on vacation.  The golfing greens were littered with children running around.  The romantic fire pits outside (which would've been perfect for an after-dinner drink) were full of kids after the sun went down.  I don't understand why the bar/lounge area can't have a no-kids area...perhaps because Scottsdale people would complain too much.  This would be more on the Westin staff than the Deseo staff. Anyways, on to the food.  We were definitely happy with the portion/price ratio for appetizers, entrees and desserts alike.  My negative review on Roy's restaurant includes my rant of the opposite. Not only were the portions great, the food was the star of the show.  Sauces, meats, fish...all very fresh and succulent.  I've already told another couple about the Groupon deal, and to buy it up ASAP, because for half off, it is a fantastic deal for a wonderful meal.
We have a winner!  The best gluten free bread in town (that I've tried), hands down.  The rainbow ceviche was superb and the Hawaiian wahoo was pretty good as well.  The desert was to die for. Crema Catalana with a twist, OMG, delish!  Great service as well and beautiful location.  It wasn't that pricey either, I mean, given the quality and service.   Cheers
Overall, blasé atmosphere (kinda tacky really - red, orange and yellow color palate, which Arizona pulls off better than anyone, but not in this space - it looked like a converted ball room from the early 1990's) and terribly unimpressive hostess. Can't say anything for the food, the initial disappointment with the atmosphere and service was enough for us to decide not to waste our money on a subpar experience (which it would have been regardless of how good the food was).  We arrived here after having had a negative drinks and appetizer experience at Sol Mexican Concina (which was recommended to us by Allan, a Westin concierge when we said we were looking for a place with local flare and high-end service like The Mission in Old Town - oh goodness could they not have been further from the mark). This was also recommended, so we tried it next. The menu looked okay so we decided to give it a try, the hostess tried to insist on having us sit in the small lounge area, but we wanted a more elegant dining experience since it was my birthday, so we asked to be seated in the main dining area. She just looked at us confused, literally twirling a strand of her hair with both hands (i wish I had gotten a photo of this - it would have been down right comical how ditzy she was acting if I weren't hungry and frustrated with the Westin's poor track record with recommendations so far). Ultimately she did seat us in the main dining area, but along a back wall away from everything and everyone EXCEPT* another couple whose booth was situated so that they were staring right at us (so awkward). There was plenty of other seating in the restaurant but we already felt like we were being difficult so we didn't want to bother them by asking to be seated anywhere else. Our waiter came over and told us about the specials that evening, and we had to laugh because their special was the exact same as the special at Sol Mexican Cocina (skirt steak), which both servers pushed pretty hard. I'm guessing it must have been on sale in the area or something? This was when we decided we'd be happier with a movie, a bottle of wine and tapas in our villa - it was sad because we really wanted to have a nice dinner out, but the remorse would have been much greater had we settled for either of the two sad recommendations we received from Allan, the Westin concierge.
They must have had an off night if I am to believe all of the high marks here.  The service was not very good.  I had to ask for pepper 4 times before I got it, I nearly was eating dessert before it arrived.  The fish (John Dory) was very bland and the preparation too salty. (Hence my asking for the pepper).  There was no other taste to it.  The lobster ceviche was good, but the portion was so tiny for $21, not worth it.  The fries were excellent, but then many places make good fries.  So, another expensive pretty restaurant, overpriced and under flavored food.  Typical Scottsdale.
Love this place! We started with a Caipirinha and a Kierland Margarita. The margarita was just a run of the mill drink but the Caipirinha was delicious! I loved that it was served with an actual sugar cane. As an appetizer we had the Mixto Clasico Ceviche. Definitely not the ceviche I grew up eating! Wow was it tasty. The sweet potato mash gave it a sweet flavor I didn't realize I'd appreciate. The bread is also worth noting, so tasty. The gentlemen placing the rools at each table was smart enough to only give us 2 rolls! Thank goodness for him! As the main course we had the Churrasco en Tabla, Grilled Asparagus and Maduros Cubanos. The Churrasco is definitely for 2 and comes with 4 proteins and a heated stone to cook the somewhat rare way the meats are served, 3 Chimichurris and salt. Wow, wow, wow is all I can say. The asparagus comes with a side sauce, very good but not needed in my opinion. The maduros, that was like our dessert! As the name implies, they were cooked at the perfect tenderness. I hinted vinegar in the sauce, which I loved, but I may be wrong. Overall, amazing food and service!  We didn't have a reservation and so were seated outside and quite frankly, unless we would've sat at The Rail, I think we lucked out. (That comment will change once our Summer heat actually starts, lol.)
We had an amazing experience here! Sitting at the rail is definitely worth it. The ceviche is incredible and has so much flavor. I also loved the pollito adobado. We used the Groupon as well which made it even more worth it. By far one of my favorite Scottsdale restaurants!
Delicious Tex-Mex style food, with large portions, and good presentation!
This was our second visit to Deseo.  Our first was on Valentine's Day, where a fixed price dinner meant we could not use our Localdines coupon, but we didn't care.  It was an incredible meal with outstanding service and we couldn't wait to go back.  The meal we enjoyed Saturday night was not quite as exceptional, but it was very, very good nonetheless.  The service was still excellent and the Rainbow ceviche is to die for  (And DH HATES fish, so to see him devour ceviche is like this amazing moment!)----we only wish it came with a spoon, so we could have scooped up more of the delicious citrus-y juice that accompanied the ceviche. Instead, we sopped it up as best we could with the delicious yucca flour rolls.  That was the only "low-point" in the service---we asked for extra rolls and the server was disgruntled and almost tossed the rolls on our plates.  And those yucca flour rolls are so exceptionally, incredibly good.  If I knew where to get yucca flour, I swear I would try to make them at home, if I was any sort of baker.  Just beyond delicious!  So don't be stingy!   We started with the Rainbow Ceviche, which I think has Ahi and Calamari and Salmon with a touch of jalapeno and a sprinkle of black and white sesame seeds, so it is as beautiful as it tastes.  DH ordered the Kobe Vaca Encebollada, which was a grilled skirt steak and I ordered the Yuca-Wrapped Dorado al Ajillo.  The plates that arrived swiftly to our table were beautifully presented----I really do believe you eat with your eyes as much as your mouth.  They totally had eye-appeal.    DH said the flavor of his meal was wonderful, but he hated the quality of the steak---he discarded quite a lot it as too chewy and fatty.  He said the flavors were so wonderful though, and he thought it was just the nature of the cut of meat, and that next time if he ordered beef he would go with the tenderloin or else try the pork or chicken. The potatoes were so delicious, he wished for a larger portion.  My fish dish was incredibly tasty, beautifully browned to a crisp finish, albeit the tiniest bit overcooked.  And I have had gloriously browned fish that was perfectly moist and tender, so I just think it was a tiny misstep by the kitchen. The amaranth that came with it was so unusual and delicious---I can't even describe it except---yum!  I wanted more than the soup spoon (it literally came on a soup spoon!) quantity they gave you.  There were tiny flaws in execution, but overall flavor and presentation was wonderful, so I have to give it four stars because we are totally fans and totally going to be back.  We didn't order desert but the after-dinner coffee rocked though---wow!  I was bright and bushy-tailed after one cup despite a big meal and several glasses of wine!  We don't care for the South American wines too much, but it is a South American-themed restaurant, so it is what it is, and after a couple of glasses, who cares?  Our server Jason was very good---attentive without stalking. The service at Deseo is top-notch.  If it hadn't been for the bread guy being kind of surly when we asked for a bit more bread---oh, and then when we were trying to get every bit of the delicious ceviche juice (is that what it is called?) he kept trying to take the dish from us, even while we were dunking our bread bits into the sauce!  Go away!  (Actually, it's a good thing he did eventually carry the dish off, or we may ended up just drinking the juice from the plate---yes---that good!)  All in all, another very lovely experience and we will totally return every month or so, just for the ceviche!  Actually, DH---the man who HATES fish---said he wouldn't mind just coming in for a dinner of ceviche and yucca rolls!  (Who are you and what have you done with my real husband?)  I felt the prices very reasonable---actually, less than an Italian restaurant (disappointing!) we went to last night and a million times better in all aspects---taste, service, and ambiance.  And the Kierland Westin is a gorgeous resort---take time to stroll through and admire some fabulous art!
I have eaten here many times, so when I saw that they had a Groupon for a prefixed menu I was really excited. Everything sounded amazing on the menu and I figured it would be a great way to enjoy dinner there again. We finally went last night and I was very disappointed with the service we received. I felt like we received substandard service because they knew we had booked with the Groupon and that they already knew we wouldn't be spending a large amount of money. Our waiter was not very attentive to us and I was really disappointed when I finished my cocktail during appetizers and he never asked if I wanted another, let only did I have a chance to ask as other people cleared our plates and brought our other dishes throughout service.  In fact, they brought my husband the wrong entree and then he had to wait about 5 minutes before they brought the correct one.  And speaking of cocktails, for $13 I would expect a little more drink and a lot less ice filling my glass.   Regardless of the sub-par service the food here is always amazing. Deseo has our favorite appetizers in town and we would go back again just for those. I had the Millionaire Tacos which were to die for and the rainbow ceviche was amazing and all the flavors worked perfect with the sauce it was in. The rolls they give you are yummy and I wish they would give you more than one.  The entrees were good but nothing too memorable stands out for them but dessert was amazing. The Chocolate Cigar is an awesome display of deliciousness and was also part of the selling point for me to buy the Groupon as I love getting that every time we come.    I will eat here again, but only because of the food. If it were based on the service I received I probably would not, which is why I give it 3 stars.
So I like to think I'm well experienced in the West Coast and especially the Scottsdale culinary scene...and I had a meal at Deseo yesterday that knocked my socks off!  I'm going to go out on a limb to say this was the best dining experience I've had in years!  For starters we took the advice of the website and requested to sit at "the rail" which lets you observe the preparation of each and every nuevo latino dish served up at this bad mama jamma of a restaurant.  Great choice...This gave us the chance to chat up the chef and his team about what they were doing and what they were making long before we had to make the terribly difficult choice of what to order.  In slow moments, they were great company and when they were busy, it was a very artistic demonstration of culinary prowess!  But I should back up...on arrival it was suggested that we try the muddle bar for a cocktail which turned out to be a great decision, their happy hour selection of mojitos was equal parts affordable and decadent!  We had the nectar and the berry mojitos and on round two the bartender sent us off to dinner with a hybrid champagne and muddled berry mojito that was to die for!  Our three course meal consisted of millionaire tacos...that lived up to the name!  Then we shared our main courses of kobe beef and mahi prepared with contemporary central american flair...awesome.  Then we tried the desserts that rocked equally.  The Mrs. was celebrating a birthday so they subbed in a chocolate cigar with candied matchsticks that was super cute and tasty.    Big shout out to awesome servers Jeff and Giovanni and to Chef Roberto and his assistant Esteban....these guys made the meal twice as enjoyable as it already was.  Thanks guys!
Stopped in here for apps and drinks around 6. The mojitos were amazing! Highly recommend the millionaire tacos. The shrimp chicharron was good but a little to creamy/rich for my taste.  Great service as well!
What a wonderful experience. The wait staff was friendly and quite helpful. The waiter recommended my new favorite wine. The ambiance is sophisticated but yet casual. The food was delectable and the presentation quite stunning.
Nuevo Latino cuisine at its finest. When you combine elegant presentation, Latin infused flavors, and excellent service, you can't go wrong.  We went on a Monday night, and redeemed 1000 points through OpenTable reservations. Since it was a weekday night, it naturally wasn't too busy, with only a few patrons here for dinner.  We had a Groupon, and redeemed a 3 course meal. Despite this being an evanescent deal, the restaurant had the choices for the 3 course menu printed out and posted on a one-page, hard-backed menu like it was a regular menu- very nice touch!   We started with the millionaire tacos and ceviche. The millionaire tacos were superb, filled with fresh seafood, with a variety of textures and flavors running through the appetizer. I especially enjoyed the use of yuca chips as the shell for the tortilla. The ceviche was good as well, with spicy piquant flavors and a masterfully done presentation, but the added textural component of the millionaire tacos made me a bigger fan of this dish.  For entrees, we had the kobe vaca encebollada (Skirt steak), and yuca-­wrapped  dorado al ajillo (Mahi-mahi and shrimp with garlic sauce). The kobe beef was very tender, and a complex mix of flavors. The blue potatoes that went with it were stunning, both in flavor and in presentation. The seafood dish was excellent as well, from the crispy crusted mahi-mahi to the tender shrimp swimming in a saffron colored citrus-garlic sauce. I particularly enjoyed the use of toasted amaranth to add an extra textural crunch and nutty taste.   To further gild the lily, we ended our meal with dessert, sharing the crema  catalana and the chocolate cigar. The crema catalana was an interesting blend of flan and crème brulée (It is in fact the Catalan version of crème brulée). The creaminess of the custard meshed well with the berries and whipped cream, and there was a light topping of candied peeled ginger on top. The chocolate cigar was pure indulgence, and I loved the unique presentation. The cigar was wrapped with a "Deseo" paper ring, and they even made candy matches and a coffee mousse dessert to go with it.  Unlike other restaurants where Groupon patrons are treated like they are the scum of the earth, service was impeccable and we were treated just like regular paying customers.  If you have the coin to spend on a good meal, or if you are feeling like splurging and going to somewhere nice, this is definitely a good place to go! The grounds at the Westin are beautiful as well, and if you park in the regular parking lot you get to see a little bit of them as you walk to Deseo.  Overall, a wonderful meal at an excellent restaurant!
Nice place for lunch or an early dinner. If you get there early, you'll get a table right away. Otherwise, you may be out of luck, as it is quite small.   Their soups are quite tasty and flavorful. The salad, I could've lived without. It was kind of wilty and blah. The empanadas are delicious, despite the cilantro. They have a hearty, starchy filling and a light pastry crust.   If they have the chile relleno special - get it! It's unlike any relleno you have ever had. Instead of being chocked full of cheese, it is filled with a melange of beans and other goodies.  The shrimp cocktail is a must-try too -- mostly for the salsa and avocados they are served on. The rest of it was kind of meh. We ended up scooping out the other bits and slathering it on the rest of our food.  Come early and come hungry!
Unique and so well hidden!  Food is delicious, Ensalada Pollo is quite appetizing!  Must say, the wait for your food is quite long for being such a small place, but it was worth waiting for.  Hope I get to sit outside next time as it has such a nice feel to it.  Not a place to go with a big group.
My wife and I discovered this place at the last second...And it was worth the effort.  Fuego is small, hidden and cozy...And by cozy, I mean really cozy.  If you don't mind the occasional table bump by patrons and staff alike, then your fine.        I had the Pernil Asado..Awesome!  Soft, flavorful and very well done.  The jalapeno creamed corn was good, but not spicy enough.  It is all about the mashed potato with cheddar!  My wife had the surf and turf and loved it...      It is out of the way and a bit hard to find, but totally worth the search.  Come hungry and leave happy!
Fuego is appropriately named, because this place is on fire. I'm not a big fan of Nuevo Latino places, because usually they underdeliver and end being more Mexican than Latin American.   The setting here couldn't be better.  Stop the presses.  Finally a restaurant.....not...in...a...strip....mall.  It feels like it's a neighborhood cafe you would find in New York or something. It's located on a side street off 7th St. and Bethany Home in a cozy courtyard building.  Kind of hidden. About 10 tables in the whole restaurant and a few patio tables.  The food here is outstanding.  For apps, we had empanadas and the coconut scrimps. It seriously had to be the best empanada I have ever had.  The pastry crust had just the right texture of flakes and bubbles.  It was filled with ground beef and herbs and topped with black beans, corn and pepper jack cheese.  Get the Pernil asado.  It's oddly reminscent of the cochinita pibil at Barrio, but better.  Drinks were pretty cheap ($5 Bacardi and coke), and the service was great.  The owner served us.  He was casual wearing a black hoodie, so it caught us off guard, but he was quick and attentive.  I really couldn't find anything wrong with the place, but don't feel it's entirely a 5 star place.  4.5 stars.
I ate at Fuego Bistro last night for the first time and can say the food is quite DEEELISH (*snaps fingers*).  As the previous reviewers mentioned, it is a cozy quaint restaurant adorned with Diego Rivera prints.  I had a pork dish (sorry don't remember its proper name) with cream corn and mashed potatoes ($19), fantastic to the taste.  And I imbimbed a terrific Mai Tai ($9).  The service too was terrific.  I'm told the Bistro is busier on weekends, so you may wish set a reservation or dine on a week night.
I stumbled upon this place on my way to Dicks Hideaway.. The sign outside, located just off 7th St. and Bethany Home drew me in.. I love Latin food and they do not let you down. I have since been there 3 times and overall my dining experience has been good. The place is hidden and only has about 10 tables inside the restaurant and there are a few patio tables also.  The on my first visit I had the tropical shrimp martini for an app, then went with the special - a crab stuffed chili relleno. It was so good I was disappointed the second visit when it was no longer a feature.. I've also tried the tilapia and it was equally good. And their sangria is wonderful, I could drink a gallon, but it is pretty strong so maybe that is not the best idea :) The only drawbacks?  On my third visits I sat on the patio, there is a dance studio next door and they play their music very loud while practicing routines. We had to listen to the same chorus line thought the entire meal, I think that song has been permanently engraved in my brain, and it was not a good song. Another disappointing thing was the pernil asado, I am big pork fan but what they served was a big, greasy and fatty mess, I will not try that entree again.   Overall the food is pretty delicious and the place has a great ambience (if you are not sitting outside during dance class). You feel so cool discovering such a hidden and quaint spot you want to tell everyone about it.
Fuego Bistro is one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix, if not my #1 favorite.  I was asked to attend a surprise anniversary dinner there a couple years ago, and since then I have returned many times for lunch and dinner.  Everyone has mentioned the food and how wonderful it is, and I am in complete agreement.  The Chipotle Cheddar Mashed Potatoes and Jalapeo Creamed Corn are amazing; I would go for those sides alone!  The appetizers are generous and the drinks are delicious.  Great all-around.  I will assume the generous portions have left the other reviewers too full to even consider ordering dessert; that's the only reason I can imagine not mentioning them here.  On my first visit, I ordered the Pastel de Tres Leches and fell in love.  The huge slice of cake wasn't your run-of-the mill Tres Leches.  It had an amazing mango or guava filling between each slice of cake and was pure heaven.  Also wonderful is the fried ice cream, banana empanada (I'm not certain that's what it's called), and the key lime pie.  So good!  My one and only complaint about this wonderful place is that they will not under any circumstances split the bill.  They will allow you to use multiple credit cards and cash, but you have to do the math on your own.  This is only tricky when you're with a large group, but even then, it's well worth it when you've enjoyed an amazing meal, tasty drinks, and were given top-notch, friendly service.
I went with Melissa, Tiffany and Anthony today for lunch-what a cute little place!!  The food is pretty killer too, I had empanandas with onion rings and I cleaned my plate-really good very, very slight greasy on the end of the empanada, but others would have crested much sooner.  Usually I get to sample other dishes but my companions were fully content keeping everything for themselves at this place, a testament to the quality of food being offered.  Thusly the four star rating, I feel it has five star potential and will update if it is necessary!
108 F one August evening, I scoured the streets of Phoenix looking for this tucked away little place.  When I arrived there was nobody in the outer courtyard, even with the misting vents going full blast, but the tiny interior was hopping.  I sat at the bar and had a mango mojito and the special, a delicious seafood enchilada with scallops and crab.   Food aside, this place has a 5-star vibe.  There were young groups, older groups, couples on dates, businessmen, the whole range in this place.  It felt like eating at a your friendly neighborhood eatery but with hipper decor and enthusiastic, attentive staff.
Liked it when it was Cafe Del Sol, like it as Fuego Bistro! When my BFF (aka Sisterwife) and I want some down home comfort food escape from work, this is were we head. We've enjoyed everything ordered to varying degrees... Sopas - yum, Empanadas - yum, Frita Cubano (their hamburger) - yum, Panini Cubano - yum, Pan con Pernil Asado (pulled pork with red cabbage) - yum, Pan con Ropa Vieja - yum yum, Pan con Bistec (OMG the bleu cheese is perfection) - yum yum yum. In fact the only thing that has ever left me wanting for more on the lunch menu has been the Quiche de Espinaca... it was good, just not OMG good like the rest.  If you go for dinner, get the Southwest Crab Cakes and regardless of when you go or  what you get, leave room for desert. Or be really naughty and just get desert! They are all sinful and totally worth the calories!!!  Service is typically quite good. If you go when it isn't fire truck'n hot, sit outside and enjoy the lovely patio. It's less claustrophobic than the intimate interior and has a more relaxed feeling. And if you go on Friday or Saturday nights, they have some great live jazz to spice things up even more.   One last thing that I beleive makes them unique is that in addition to normal catering services, they will do mid-week business lunches. For anyone that has to pull together meal options for meetings, this is one sure hit!
This place is a gem. It's a bit tucked away. It kinda felt like I was going on a bit of adventure. The restaurant was very small and oh so cozy. Just they way I likem. We had the Rock Shrimp breaded in coconut accompanied by a Thai Chili Dipping Sauce it was delicious. My main course was the Chicken breast stuffed with goat cheese, apricot, basil, spinach, shrimp and crimini mushrooms finished in a balsamic reduction glaze it was yummy. Service was on Point. I would so go again.
The reviews go to show that trendy new spots get rave reviews no matter how good the food is. I can say that the service was very good. To start the waitress said that Fuego makes the best mojito in town and I was so intrigued because in my mind Havana Cafe makes the best Mojito I have ever had. The mojito at Fuego doesn't stand a chance, all you could taste was the booze, no lime or mint, or sweet, just booze. We ordered the coconut shrimp to start, for -----'s sake I wouldn't be surprised if they went to Trader Joe's frozen section brought them back to the restaurant to deep fry them and there you have it the most over prices effortless appetizer you have ever sunk your teeth into. I ordered the scallops which didn't melt in my mouth, as a matter of fact they were chewy and under cooked, I was pretty disappointed, not only because of the price but because I can do much better at home in my own kitchen. My friends ordered the chicken dish and the pork. The chicken was cooked well I just didn't like the flavor combinations together. The pork was great, it had great flavor and was nice and moist. We ordered dessert and the tres leches cake was very good and the cream cheese flan is really creme brulee so if you are looking for flan drive down the street to Richardson's. Actually it will cost you about the same and the food will be 100% better the only difference would be the wait, at Richarson's on a Saturday night you might wait an hour but at fuego you will sit right down, hum? Need i say more, O 1 last thing, the presentation was sub-par. For the delicacies on the menu I was expecting presentation not piles of food plopped randomly on a plate.
I dined at this location a couple times while it was Cafe del Sol (delish!), but recently decided to meet a friend here for lunch and give Fuego a whirl.    The place was almost empty, maybe 2 or 3 parties of two. Our server was nice, a little slow, but nice. I ordered the fish tacos and mi amiga ordered the empanada.   The food was great. The tacos were marvelous. Flavorful and succulent. Mmm. Unfortunately, I ate everything on my plate and didn't feel completely satisfied. For a $10 lunch plate I was a little bummed. Oh well.   Have yet to try dinner, but the husband and I have a couple of VIP cards for entrees so we'll have to hit it up soon.
Great food, we regularly go here, best bartender, great drinks...the only thing is, I wish they were open later, we've gone there several times at 9pm to find them closing for the evening...please Fuego, please stay open later!
This place has a cool hidden-away location and the waitstaff is very attentive, but the food was just OK.  I ordered the stuffed chicken with greens beans and an iced tea and this total out to $27 with tax and tip.  The chicken was sort of a roll of chicken breast  with mushroom stuffing which was flavorful, however, the chicken itself was dry and need more seasoning.  The green beans were just OK too.  Nothing that wowed me.
I really enjoyed Fuego. I went with an old coworker who is an uber-foodie to say the least. We would attempt 1 new to both of us restaurant at least once a week. Fuego was my choice. Being that my family is from Argentina I get some AMAZING South American home cooking, not to mention my own mad cooking skillz passed down from my Abuela. This place is a little tucked away and only has about 10 tables in the dining area. We got there right at noon and took the second to last table available and there was a steady stream of people coming and going as we sat. I had the Pan Con Ropa Vieja, a braised beef sandwich. My beef was so tender and flavorful! My uber-foodie friend did not LOVE it though but I can also say that she isn't a huge fan of South American cuisine. The service was also great!
Fuego Bistro is my favorite place for a date night or for taking friends out for appetizers and yummy drinks.  Hands down, they make the best mixed drinks in town!!  I love the drink menu and the wine selection is awesome!!  The appetizers are wonderful, the empanadas are the best, full of flavor and the dipping sauce adds some extra heat.  They plate their food like art!   I also LOVE the Tropical Shrimp Martini!  The avocado mango salsa is so sweet and wonderful.  The chips are made in house and are so crispy and flavorful! I adore the Ropa Vieja.  It's the most tender meat I have ever had!  It's so full of flavor.  I also really love the Pernil Asado.  It's also so tender and full of wonderful spices.  The sides are to die for.  I love the Arroz Con Gandules!  The Jalapeno Cream Corn is so awesome and flavorfull, a fun and different kind of side that I always ask for.  I also enjoy the salads at lunch.  They are fantastic and full of flavor!  What I love about Fuego Bistro is it's different, not the same kind of menu items you find at other places in the valley.   I take my out-of-town guests there all the time for a fun and unique experience for them.  They all love going and ask to go everytime they are in town. Fuego Bistro is the perfect size place to feel welcome everytime I go, not such a big chain restaurant.  The servers and bartenders are so friendly, so is the owner.  It's tucked away in a cute courtyard.  When I'm there, I feel like I'm out of the city and in a quaint small town in Mexico.  Please take my advice and find your way to Fuego Bistro.  You won't be disappointed!
I had high hopes. Obama is our president...the Cardnials are one win away from the super bowl....things are looking good.   I would have to say that Fuego didn't live up to the expectations. The prices are a bit high (20$ per plate) for the style of the place (casual) and for the food itself. It was good, but not great.   We had the empanadas. Interesting...but try them at Mi Cocina Mi Pais (great!). Fuego's are good...but too much pastry...and a sauce that tasted like a wing sauce (like would be great on hot wings but overwhelmed the empanadas).   The drinks were good but again not amazing. Mismatched glasses and plates (I mean that is sort of cute, but not for a nice dinner out).  The Ropa and the Pernil were good. The corn was ok (not enough flavor) and the mashed potatoes were overpowered with chipotle flavor (which I usually like)  Everyone was nice. Our server was a little too familar...but whatever. There was this really sad folksy music playing. For a cuban/latin place, get some freaking latin cuban music.   The music made the whole vibe a bit odd.  I felt I should go get high afterwards and think about the sadness in this world...:)   But (my wife is making me say this)...the singer was talented. Keep up the good work buddy, maybe at a different venue.  Overall, it was ok. Not worth the drive and probably won't be coming back. With so many other great places in PHX, this one needs some fine tunning to be amoung the list.
Fuego Bistro has some good points. I tried it today during my lunch hour. 1) It's about 45 seconds from my office. Freaky. 2) They serve meatloaf as a special and it was char-broiled. Crazy. 3) They have a nice patio. I arrived a bit early (note 1) and waited for the very friendly waitress to exit the kitchen. She seated me on the patio after wiping down the table and chairs after an overnight rain shower had hit. I could tell they were definitely behind on the opening of the restaurant for that day, but once we were seated, they were very attentive. The black beans that came with my meatloaf were delicious, and the rice was good, too. My friend ordered the empanadas and appeared to enjoy them immensely. It's probably not a place I would crave (generally speaking), but if I had another South American food craving or a random meatloaf craving, this is probably the most convenient place for me to satisfy it. Prices were in the $8--12 range for lunch, higher for dinner.
so my review caused some hard feelings with the owner...i have to believe he felt attacked by some of my non food comments.  i just want to be clear. i was trying to be funny not hurtful. i stand by the 3 star review for the food (for me personally it was good but not great, hence the 3 stars). But the staff was very nice to us and if you are close to this place, it is certainly worth a visit.  finally, i am a HUGE fan of small, local owned restaurants....so if for no other reason, this place deserves a visit just because it is fighting against the chain mentality in PHX.
Went to Fuego again the other night and was equally impressed. I got the Camarones Patron (which I think is my favorite dish so far) and it was spicy and delicious. The service was excellent as was the Sangria.
My husband and I went to Fuego Bistro for Valentine's Dinner.  I'm glad I made a reservation a few weeks before because otherwise there were no tables to be had.  We started with cocktails - I highly recommend the Sangria - it was wonderful!  They had an extensive wine list that we also both enjoyed.  We started with Tapas - the crab cakes and empanadas.  I am not a huge crab fan, but the crab cakes were to die for!  There was a mild pesto sauce that the crab cake sat in and a chutney for dipping.  It really pulled all the flavors out.  The empanadas were spicey and tangy enveloped in a fresh, flakey pastry that was excellent.  For entrees my husband had the steak, which he loved and I had the pork.  Although it was a bit fatty it was really flavorful.  We both had the chipotle cheddar potatoes and creamed corn which were out of this world! We ended the evening sharing the chocolate torte, which although rich was decadent and the tres leche cake which might be the best I've ever had.  Overall the evening was excellent, the service wonderful and it was a romantic evening.
Fuego Bistro IS a 5 star IF I could figure how to "roll" over the stars with my Iphone. Here's why: 1. Patio is gorgeous with great live music.  2. Dinners are flavorful, especially the roasted pork, creamed corn, and mashed potatoes. Mmm. 3. Best drinks in town AND they don't overcharge for good liquor.  4. Love the service. 5. VIP card is additional value, if they still offer.  Menus are cool too. Yes! They do take reservations!
The Chili Relleno is wonderful! There are a few other things on the menu I would like to try if I can get past it. It's quite large and stuffed with chicken,cheese,cilantro & onion. It came with black beans which are okay but, not my favorire and rice that was very tasty indeed. I also tried the flan which was excellent. I thought was food was very good and it was also presented beautifully. Yellow rice next to purple cabbage arranged to be pleasing to the eye. The flan had a dollop of whipped cream, a scattering of nuts and carmel sauce drizzled in a zig zag pattern. Food that is tasty and beautiful. I will be going here again.
The ONLY bad thing about this place is the location - it's hidden in a gem of a patio locale in the middle of north central phoenix.  You won't find it if you don't know where to go...so call ahead and ask for specific directions.  That being said, I was STUNNED at how goo this place was.  I love the Sangria, and the shrip cocktail is so unique I hate that I just called it a cocktail.  I want my VIP card...how does that work?  I would go all the time...if it was open later and on Monday (divorced single mom who goes on dates on Monday nights.)
The food here is excellent. They experiment a little too much with the cilantro, but aside from that it is very good.   The food is a fusion of different Latin American dishes, ranging from cuban to Argentine.   Their steak de vaquero is absolutely delicious. You can't go wrong. Their pollo ajadrea was a bit on the fruity side for me. In my opinion the apricots were a bit too much. The camarones de patron had a good bite too them. Very savory. The ropa vieja was good...but I've been spoiled by my father's.  If you decide to sit outside keep in mind that they share a plaza with a dance studio. A number of times I have been bombarded with the likes of Britney Spears.  This is a fairly pricey place. Be prepared for a bill you would be accustomed to pay at a very nice restaurant.  Good for dates or taking your parents out for a nice meal.
I thought I was having an affair.....but, I was here with my wife.  Really, this place is tucked away behind Apollo's on 7th Street, and I mean tucked away, in a small squarish strip center with a workout place and a psychic reading business. So, you can eat, workout and find out about your future love life all at one time.  The food here is wonderful with a strong Latin influence.  One of my favorite things on the menu is the creamed corn...holy crap...where do you see creamed corn on a restaurant menu these days outside of Mississippi. This creamed corn is absolutely devine and pairs well with many of the main dishes on the menu.  The shrimp is good, the latin style pork roast is my favorite, and the price is reasonable as long as you don't get carried away with the wine.....yeah...nothing seems to be reasonable for us.  The wine list is compact but very good.  The sangria is also very good, not Lola's Tapas good, but Ticoz good, which is pretty darn good.  A nice shot of brandy in the sangria can be a big help.  The patio is good when the weather is nice, and the interior is small, but charming.  You can often find the owner present and chit chatting with the patrons or eating dinner with his family.  All in all, great place to bring your wife....or your girlfriend (just kidding honey, this is our place...... I'll take my girlfriend to Durants.)  Waiting for the slap.
Charming little location.  The small courtyard is a beautiful place to have a nice dinner with friends.  There is also a couple of tables inside.    The waitstaff was excellent.  Very attentive.   They knew the menu well and could answer any question.  The food was good.  Just not as good as some of the Cuban restaurants in Florida.  I was expecting the Pernil asado to have more flavor.  It was a bit bland.  The Ropa Vieja was good.  The Pollo Ajedrea was excellent.  I loved the jalapeno creamed corn except I couldn't taste the jalapeno.  The black beans were delicious.  Disappointed in the Mojitos. The standard and pomegranate ones were good.  Some of the other flavored mojitos lacked flavor.  I would try adding fresh fruit and schnapps to the mixture.  For $9.00 I expected something a little more.
The food here is soooo good!  The first time I came I had to try the chicken chili relleno, as it came so highly recommended. I was not disappointed! It's your basic chili relleno kicked up a notch with the addition of tender pieces of chicken, cheese, onion, and black beans to the filling.  Oh, and it's also GIGANTIC, so come hungry. Although I usually get the chili relleno when I'm here, I've also tried a few other things like the chicken enchiladas. Mmm, chicken, cheese, and a creamy enchilada sauce. So good! The drinks here are also fantastic - I love the sangria, but also enjoy their mojitos. The restaurant itself is so quaint; by that I mean tiny but very nice inside. They do have an outdoor patio, which is great during cooler months and helps with the space issue. Service is quick and attentive. I'm cheap, so I tend to go here for lunch when the prices are a bit lower, but the food is just as delicious.
The food was pretty damn good.  The drinks, also damn good.  I tried their special seafood enchiladas which were stuffed with goat cheese, shrimp, crab and scallops, all topped with a creamy tomatillo sauce.  YUM. The creamed corn and chipotle mashed potatoes, also YUM.  We sat on the patio and watched a dance class happen next door.  My one and only complaint.... the table.  The actual table itself.  It was wooden, and very pokey.  Like, we all thought we were going to get splinters.  Not nice.
This is my second food review. Still new at this...  Mojitos rocked!! And so did our fabulous bartender (going blank on name) he even checked on us during the dinner. Jeff the owner, Kevin (yes you Kevin) were the hosts with the most!! Kevin gave recommendations and was dead on with each course. Jeff was so sweet and checked in on us as well. Fuego has a great patio with a guitarist on Fri/Sat nights. A relaxing fountain added to the atmosphere.  My friend and I started with the House specialty empenadas with ground beef, cumin, garlic, and peppers (I forgot to get pics) and I chose the Pernil Asado Nachos with homemade guacamole  with shredded pork..We also ordered the CUBAN FEAST: Pernil Asado, Ropa Veija, Plantains, Arroz Gondules, and Cuban black beans and seafood enchiladas with cheddar chipotle mashed potatoes and spicy creamed corn. They didn't have the full menu that I saw on line but still had great selections. And for desert the Baked Flourless chocolate torte with dark chocolate chile sauce..All of which got put into a doggie bag for later. The portions were huge. The atmosphere was relaxing. I would go back again...Especially for the mojitos.. Check this place out its a wonderful little hideaway in Central Phoenix.
*Update- Their leftovers make a good meal the next day. Actually, I think I enjoyed them more than I did when I was there!   I was really excited to go to Fuego Bistro on one of the last days of AZ Restaurant week. However, I left feeling like I was missing something.  The choices for the three courses sound and look really good on paper but must have been mistranslated.  I had the classic Fuego Empanadas, the chicken with cheddar chipotle mashed potatoes and green beans, and the cream cheese flan.  First, the empanadas. While the filling was delicious, it wasn't any better than my mother's picadillo (which says a lot because she isn't the world's best cook) and the empanada itself tasted...off. I think the flour they use could be better. It just had a very bleached baking flour taste to it. I did like the corn/black bean/cheese mix on top and the sauce that accompanies it was very tasty.  The chicken with apricots and goat cheese was next. I have to give them major credit for the cheddar chipotle mashed potatoes, the chicken was a little dry and the goat cheese was tasteless. I really thought that the apricot or the mushroom would give it a flavor but no. However, the balsamic sauce on top was delightful. You SHOULD try the potatoes.   Finally, the flan. I did enjoy the flan but I wonder why they make it so thick. I don't like a watery flan as much as the next person, but this was pretty thick! The sweet marmalade type sauce (I believe it was raspberry) confused me but I still wanted to take a finger and lick it off the plate.  On a side note, perhaps it is my single-ness coming out, but there were some obnoxious kids running around. This normally doesn't bother me, but one in particular would start to cry for what seemed to be no reason at all. I put "good for kids" because the owner/waitresses/staff did not seem to mind them.    Overall- Not amazing, but still decent. I'd go again if my boyfriend paid for me and maybe order a seafood dish. The staff was great, very friendly and super attentive.
Fuego Bistro is on the top of my list for Cen Pho dining. After the first time I went, Kevin (the host) has always remembered my name and that I perform improv.  ALWAYS ASK ABOUT THE SPECIAL.  That being said, the pork is unbelievable! As is the apricot chicken. I would recommend getting the cream corn with either the Orzo or the mash potatoes. But honestly, it would be hard to go wrong with about anything on the menu, including deserts. They have an unbelievable banana burrito desert.  I always make reservations, even on a Wednesday... weekends are packed! The best time of year to go is Fall and April. Unless you are one of the first 15 or so you will be sitting out on the patio, which is beautiful and quaint.
No place does a better job of transporting you from a nondescript commercial corner of central Phoenix to a quaint open air patio of San Juan better then Fuego.  It will utterly surprise you how comfortable that spot is.  It definitely eases you into a singular culinary experience. The menu is relatively small but that's not a problem.  Every dish is percolating with flavor.  The Cuban-southwestern fusion that they've got going on is enough to make Fidel wonder if he should foment a revolution out here....just so he could get closer to these dishes.  The pork dish is on par with the Barrio Cafe Cochinita Pibil in terms of bliss. But the nod goes to Fuego when you consider the incredible sides, namely the jalapeno creamed corn and mashed potatoes.  The tilapia is also an item worth the return visit.   A great restaurant, in my opinion, is a combination of several things namely food, service, and location.  The Fuego excels on all three counts.  Drop by and experience what it is like to escape Phoenix while still being in Phoenix.
I would of given this place 5 stars if it weren't for the odd waitor & the not so good white sangria. Our waitor wouldn't let our plates touch other plates & paused saying "I'll wait until their done talking to continue" when giving the specials because our friends discussed what he had just said. Weird. Despite him, the food was excellent. The ceasar dressing is tangy & different, but good. I loved the beef & that it was so tender & flavorful. It's a cute, hidden place great for a date night. It's fun that there's a dance studio right next door as well. I'll go back & see if I get can get a different waitor.
Amazing food, ultra cozy atmosphere, and a huge patio (a little too cold for the patio tonight). The owner operators are obviously passionate about great food and great cocktails.  I had the Scallops and she tried the Pork... both done to perfection. Try the creamed corn with jalapenos for a side!!!  The menu is simple yet diverse (steak, chicken, pork, shrimp, scallops and fish), and they also offer nightly specials if you burn through the menu too quickly. Highly recommended for a romantic dinner... I will be back to try lunch next time I'm in the area.  This gem is off a side street near 7th and Bethany, and in a courtyard off of that street... Good luck finding it :)   *Thanks goes to Groupon for helping me find this place...
My friend and I had such a wonderful happy hour here. After a whole day of driving around the Valley, it was so relaxing to go into the beautiful patio and indulge in made-from-scratch sangria. Our host and our server, who were a pleasure to talk to, guided us through the happy hour menu and we decided to have the ropa sliders, followed by the pernil asado sliders - both excellent.  We capped off the evening with the creamy decadence of their banana burrito, then headed out into the cool January night warmed by our pleasurable experience at this charming place.
Not a ton I can add that hasn't already been covered.  This place is suhweeeeeeet!  When you make reservations, which you should definitely do, make sure to request the patio.  It's spacious and although I get colder faster than any Phoenix native, I was fine even in early February weather.  The food was phenomenal - I had the Tilapia and my lovely companion had some sort of stuffed chicken deal that was too complicated for me to figure out.   The drinks are strong for being in a restaurant - a huge plus for me.  The mojito is definitely worth a shot.    Take great food, a great atmosphere, attentive wait staff, and throw in a guy playing acoustic covers of slower indie songs (think Decemberists) and you've got a winning combination!
Thank you Groupon for introducing me to another delightful place to eat. Had I not seen this on Groupon, there's no way I would have ever known it was tucked away on this side street. Great Patio..went on saturday night (made reservations) and waited the extra 10 min to sit outside. There was a band playing..what a nice treat! Food was great, as everyone else has raved. We had the empanadas to start-I had the ropa vieja, which was a tad greasier than I had anticipated. It was still good though. Husband has the Pernil (pork), also very good. Good service, and nice ambiance.
Last Saturday was my father's 65th birthday. We ordered catering for about 40 people. Just about everything came through with flying colors. The caterer/part owner showed up exactly on time. He was very positive, but was not underfoot during the setup of the party. All of the food was just about perfect at the serving time. I thought the lentils could have been a little softer, but aside from that: the ropa vieja and pernil were very tender, the beans were perfectly cooked and spiced, and the salad tasted great.
We went there last night upon recommendation from the manager at our hotel, and were not disappointed.  We did have a reservation for 7:00, but since it was a Thursday night, there would probably have been no problem just walking in at that time.  We ate inside (loved the decor!), but would have been equally comfortable (temperature-wise) eating outside as it was a temperate evening and they did have heaters if it got cold.  The restaurant is a little hard to find, but they do a good job with sandwich boards on the sidewalk pointing you to the restaurant, and it's totally worth the search.  If you have a GPS, that'll help, otherwise look for the signs and park in the lot to the left of the restaurant and the little cluster of businesses it's in.  I had the Tilapia Incrustado with sides of the cheddar mashed potatoes and jalapeno creamed corn, and he had the Ropa Vieja with sides of Arroz con Gandule and black beans.  Both were very well done with good flavors in all items.  He really liked the sangria, and had a basic mojito with 10K added during dessert.  The Banana Buritto for dessert was delicious.  We were happily full from the meal.  Yum!  Service was a tick slow, but there were only the two guys working the tables.  They never forgot anything we asked for, tho', even if they had multiple tables' of things to remember.  Entree prices are moderate, altho' adding drinks and desserts puts it in the "spendy" category.  We were extremely pleased to get the Yelp 20% discount ($14.95 for us) just by asking for it.   We're not local to Phoenix, but would definitely come back on future visits to the city.
i gave this place 5 stars even though my mojito was really not good at all despite their status by the new york times. i actually didn't even have more than a few sips of it, it was that bad.   BUT! onto the good things. first off, puerto rican and cuban food is hard to come by so when i found this place on yelp and i was in arizona, i HAD to go. And, i wasn't dissapointed. everything i ate was so good. i had the empanadas app. they were good but when you put that sauce on them, it makes them even better. i had the ropa vieja with arroz con gandules y black beans. omg! everything was so yummy. the meat was tender and flavorful like my mamas! and the arroz was good along with the beans, they both had good flavor. i had the cheesecake flan which was equally good. i stuffed it down despite the fact that i was full.   the service was great. the atmosphere was chill. there was a guy performing jazz on the patio which set the mood. it was really a nice place and if i lived closer, i would be back often.   i only have 1 suggestion. you should have cafe con leche on the menu instead of just plain old coffee :)
Went there for a special night out with my partner.  We were greeted promptly and seated outside.  The patio is nice with a charm that only Phoenix can offer.  We looked over the menu and were pleased with the choices.  Our appetizer choice were the empanadas which were quite flavorful.  I was crazy about the empanada dough they used, but it was passable.  The wonderful spiced empanada filling and crazy hot sauce fusion made up for the sub-par empanada dough.  We also had the chorizo and bean soup.  The blend of flavors in the soup was really fantastic.  We were both pleased with the soup.  It was also moderately priced at $3.00 per cup.   For entrees I had the Crusted Talapia.  It had a strange, yet flavorful sauce that it was served in.  For sides I had the arroz con gradules and the chipotle mashed potatoes.  Both my sides were great.    My partner had the Pork.  It was good, if a little fatty, but it had a wonderful marinated flavor to it.  For sides he also had the mashed potatoes (he raved about them too) and the jalapeno creamed corn.  The creamed corn was really good.    My entree was $19.  His entree was $18.  For dessert we had the banana burrito.  WOW!  This was so decadent, but we both ate it voraciously.    Drinks were good.  The martini my partner had was an interesting fusion of flavors.  I had their sangria which I found enjoyable enough, even if not on the fruity side.    All in all we would definitely go back to the Fuego Bistro.
I tried Fuego for my birthday dinner this year.  Tired of bland chain restaurants, I was really looking to support a local restaurant that was tasty and not the typical food.  I got everything I wanted at Fuego.  Small and quaint, sitting on the patio in April is a treat for sure.    The 3 of us all tried different entres to really get a feel for the food they fix.  Not a single one of us was disappointed.  The short ribs, pasta, and chicken were amazing.  I equally loved the deserts.  Horchata Bread Pudding.... mmmmm.    If you want to stray off the path, you will appreciate what you find at this local eatery.  Enjoy!
This charming bistro offered everything... tantalizing food, outstanding service, and the perfect environment to relax and enjoy.
We live around the corner, but had never heard of Fuego until Groupon ran a special a couple months ago.  We finally got around to using our coupon tonight - SO glad we did!  I can't believe that Fuego seems to remain a well-kept secret... it is really fantastic.  The guitar player-singer that was there this evening was great - such a nice surprise!  Husband and I were greeted by the host upon our arrival.  I LOVED him.  What an awesome, vibrant personality... and he recommended a killer peach-grapefruit mojito - mmmm!  We shared the Salmon Croquettes, Empanadas, and the delicious Chicken dinner (I'm sure it had a name...).  All of the dishes were presented beautifully, had fantastic flavor, and persuaded us to not only clean out plates, but to order dessert too!  The side dishes of jalapeno creamed corn and green chile cornbread casserole were SO good.  I would have ordered a dinner made up strictly of side dishes, had that been an option... the maple-chili glazed carrots and chipotle mashed potatoes were also calling my name, but they'll have to wait for my next visit.  We finished up with the Horchata Bread Pudding.  Yum!  I liked the contrasting texture of the fried and sugared flour tortilla strips on top.    During our meal, we had fantastic service.  They took their time, and we never felt rushed... which is a change from many restaurants around town.  We really felt like we could sit back, enjoy the music, and chill as long as we wanted to.  I'm looking forward to a return visit... probably for Happy Hour very soon(how can you turn down those prices?!).
Fuego Bistro: This is what a bistro should be.   Had it not been for a great deal on Groupon, I don't know if Robert M and I would have made it for dinner here. It's not that we hadn't thought about it, it's just that it's oddly located. But that's neither here nor there, because last night we dined--and we dined well.   We started our date with sangria--Robert the white and I the red. Initially I thought I'd erred in my decision (the white was fruity and intense while the first taste of the red was merely okay). But then the complexity of the red unfolded, as spices piqued out and enveloped the glass. Either way, both are exceptional.   Our first course was the empenadas. In a word: Magnificent! The perfectly flaky crust and the robust filling could be an entire meal of its own. I, however, would do away with the hot sauce served on the side. Just a preference, or if they had a house salsa that would be good.   Main course was the Pollo Ajedrea for Robert and the daily special (chile rellenos stuffed with scallops, shrimp and tilapia) for me. Sides were chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes for both of us and black beans for Rob and green beans for myself. After sampling our own entrees, we tried each other's. To be honest, after being blown away by my dish, the chicken was a bit flat, and that by no means indicates it wasn't very good. It's just that I was so amazed by the chile rellenos. It was one of the things of which I dreamt last night. Those mashed potatoes were another thing dancing through my head. :dreamy eyes:   It's located in a ballet studio complex, which is enchanting. There is also a lovely patio which some braved the cold last night on which to dine and be entertained by a local musician. Once the weather becomes more tolerable, I'll give it a go.   Service was fantastic! Susan was genuinely friendly, as if we were regulars, and cemented the deal that we would be back again and again.   Fuego Bistro has an incredible happy hour, from what I understand, that runs from 3-6 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday. Yes, boys and girls, I said Saturday. They have about two dozen items from their menu for $5 (including those empenadas) and assorted cocktails. This could turn in to a sordid love affair, if I don't mind myself.
Wonderful, flavor-filled food.  I did mention Yelp and got the 20% off as promised.  The server was very friendly and when I asked about one of the sauces the chef gave me a full run down on the ingredients.
Tried Fuego on a local Groupon today. When the menus came out printed on aluminum, I knew we were in for a treat. Any place that has the guts to print a menu on metal knows what's good!  The highlight of our meal was the chef's special tostadas. Small fried tortillas with a guacamole spread, the perfect balance of veggies and cheese, and topped with a chipotle aioli.  We had the scallops de jalapeno, and the ropa vieja. Both excellent meals.  As they call it, a Latin-Southwest fusion, Fuego executes this perfectly.
We had a great dinner last night at Fuego.  Ordered shrimp dish, 2 pork dishes, and 1 short rib dish.  All were amazing!!  Drinks were great, and everything was reasonably priced.  We ended with the bread pudding and key lime pie.  Used the VIP coupon which is great!
I went with my Hubby today for lunch & had to write my review as soon as I got back to work.  I have to admit, this place intrigued me because of the "mention Yelp & receive 20% off" offer. And I am so glad I decided to try it out!  Fuego Bistro is hidden away inside an older looking complex. The inside is very small but they do have additional space in the patio out front.  Our waitress, Suzie I believe, was very sweet! She was very good about refilling our drinks & asked how everything was.  For my entree I ordered their Signature Empanadas & for my Hubby's entree he ordered the Fuego Enchiladas, both came with a side of rice & black beans. The empanadas were so delicious, there were so many flavors going on it was amazing. Hubs said his enchiladas were delicious as well, some of the best he's ever had. I had to order the Captain Morgan Banana Burrito for dessert even though it was lunch time. I am SO glad I did, it was one of the BEST desserts I've ever had & I am a dessert junkie.  They have a rather large bar for such a small space so I definitely want to come back for happy hour & dinner sometime. This is my new favorite place!
Fuego is simply awesome -- one of those hidden gems in Phoenix for local foodies.  It was so good, I've now been twice in a week.  Happy hour is fantastic, with discounts on signature drinks and food. The service also doesn't disappoint.   No doubt one of the best latin places around town.
We were gifted a Groupon for Fuego and had the pleasure of dining there on Friday night. We did not have a reservation, which would have helped us sit outside, but we were seated inside right away. The host was very pleasant and welcoming.   Much has already been praised about this little gem, and I agree with all of the accolades regarding the atmosphere, the service, the food...it was all wonderful.   We had the Fuego salad, which was huge and lovely (although I would have liked some diced onions on it; maybe I'll ask next time), the tortilla soup (husband raved about this), the Pulled Pork with cheddar chipotle mashed potatoes and maple-glazed carrots, and the panko-breaded chicken breast with creamed jalapeno corn and maple-glazed carrots.   In all it was delectable. The entrees were succulent and nicely plated. I particularly loved the creamed corn, which was perfectly spicy and helped clear by sinuses (I succumbed to a bad cold the next day, so maybe I need some more!).  The only thing I would not order again is the carrots. I didn't feel these added anything to our dinners. The maple taste was pretty subtle, to the point of being nonexistent. Also, I think that if you're going to put yourself out there as an upscale restaurant, go the extra mile and use real carrots instead of the bagged "baby carrots" that you can find so readily on cafeteria lines. It will look better.   Our waiter forgot to charge us for the soup. I pointed this out, and he comped us anyway. I will definitely continue to patronize an establishment that empowers its staff to make decisions like that without worrying that they're going to get a dock in pay.  We'll be back, probably first to try out the amazing-looking Happy Hour!
having been to Fuego for group events I thought it would be good to go back with my girl friends for a regular dinner.    I made a reservation for 7:30, when we arrived we were still waiting for one more so they had us sit in the center of the patio on the bench instead of seating us at our table.  The patio was almost full but not out of control.    After about 10 minutes the hostess asked us if we would like a drink and if we would be more comfortable at our table.  We chose to sit at our table and waited for a server to come by, we waited...and waited....and waited.  After 30 minutes of waiting for someone to take our drink order I went to the hostess to complain and put in an order for a bottle of wine.  About 20 minutes later a server came by with the bottle, the bottle was corked, not all that uncommon, I ordered another bottle and was brought 10 minutes later, the wine was fine, we asked if we could place our food order, we had already been sitting at the table for more than an hour at this point.  He said "I will be back in 30 seconds", about five minutes later he came back to take our order.  The server returned 20 (we started watching the clock and keeping track since they never acknowledged us for drinks) and said "I'm just going to put the words out there and bear the brunt of what I get...we are out of mashed potatoes."   I could not believe that he started what he had to say like that, and that he didn't have anything in his hand to make up for the inconvenience of our entire meal by this point.  We adjusted our orders (we all ordered mashed potatoes).  Our food arrived 10 minutes later, vegetables were cold, meat was good.  I should mention that about 45 minutes after we sat down a 12 top sat down right behind us, their food and drinks arrived much before our own - we had the same server.    Having held group events at Fuego I was incredibly disappointed that they could not handle a simple table of 4.  We asked the server what the problem was and he said that they checked their numbers from last year and they were not that busy in June and July.  He also mentioned that their most seasoned server was on vacation - one server does not make the restaurant funciton. They should have checked their numbers from last week, not last year, their popularity has increased over the last year.  Such a disappointment.
I recently went to Fuego to use my Groupon and enjoy some good eats.  This place is a little hidden but the menu is awesome.  When we got there we had to wait for the wait staff to find a table.  For a Thursday night the place didn't seem busy but the wait staff couldn't handle the crowd.  After several minutes getting soaked by the misters we finally got a table.  Several minutes later we received our waters and several minutes after that we finally got our Sangria.  The host/waiter seemed very flustered even though the place did not seem too busy.  For my meal I decided on the Organic Spinach Salad.  The salad was perfect for such a warm night.  The bacon citrus vinaigrette dressing and goat cheese were a perfect combination!!    I have heard so many wonderful things about Fuego but my experience was not the best.  The host/waiter kept apologizing which didn't help the situation.  The food was amazing and I will probably go back to give this local place another shot.
This place was great!  We had dinner with the family on Friday night before a show at Gammage and were warmly welcomed by the staff.  The happy hour was great, mojitos are refreshing and the food is tasty.  We split a bunch of things but what was amazing was the chipolte chedder mashed potatoes!  When the heat goes away, I will be back to sit outside and sip some mojitos!  Great place!
Went here today for dinner, it was my first time here and i was impressed! The place is a little small inside but there is plenty of outdoor seating. You might want to make a reservation if you want to sit inside.   They have a pretty big drink selection and the menu has a little bit of everything. I ordered the signature pernil asado which is pulled pork with a orange habanero mojo sauce and got the chili glazed carrots and cornbread casserole for sides.   The dish was prettty basic, it was just pulled pork with a side of the orange habanero mojo. The pork itself was pretty good, nothing spectacular, it was the sauce that really made the dish. The dish was tasty but I dont think it was worth $19 though.  Overall Fuego bistro is a great restaurant with creative latin american  dishes and would recommend this place to other foodies.
I knew that Fuego was better than they performed that night  I was there for dinner.  I just had to go back, I went for lunch and service could not have been better.  Greeted with a smile immediately, waters on the table as we were seated, cocktails made perfectly - not everyone knows how to make a good mai tai or a mojito!    The chili relleno was outstanding, the hard exterior and the outstanding chicken and cheese inside was the perfect Friday lunch, the mai tai just topped it off.  Looking for a good dessert place, Fuego has what you need, the chocolate cake was phenomenal.  Sitting inside was new for me but it was way to hot mid day to sit outside, the interior is just as cute as the outside.  I know I will be back again!
Latin fusion?  It was good Mexican food..  a bit fancier I spose...  We had the fish tacos (tilapia) and nachos.  Nachos were standard (its hard to mess it up right?), the fish tacos were very good.  Nothing very crazy different here.    The next time we went we perused the dinner menu and got the FB pasta dish and the short rib.  The short ribs were very good, not overly fatty, easily came apart.  And they were even better reheated.  I got the creamed corn and the corn bread casserole as sides - interesting and pretty tasty.  The pasta dish was kinda oily, but the portion is pretty big.  I wasn't a big fan and I'm sure it was very "expensive" calorie-wise.  This place is very tucked away and "cozy" meaning 9 tables and a bar.  There are a couple more tables on the patio area, but in the room that is it.  They share the bathroom with the rest of the complex.  Not complaining, I've seen places like these in California and such.  Just wanted to be clear since you can fit 50 people sometimes in "cozy" places and this place definitely cannot.  Its also in kind of a bad location with confusing parking arrangements.  All in all, the food is pretty good, but the prices are too high to justify getting dinner there.  (The dinner entrees were about 25 each).  I would go back for lunch or happy hour since the food is pretty good and the items on these menus are priced pretty appropriately.  I can think of a lot of other places that would be worth 60+ money for dinner..
No doubt about it, one of the best places I've been to in Phoenix. It's a little out of my normal radius but I'll make an exception.   The steak was delicious, thick and juicy, cooked to perfection and bursting with flavor and spice.   The restaurant itself is tiny (which I like) but also has open patio seating. Make a reservation if you want a table inside. Or if you're a native Phoenician like me who loves sitting on a patio on warm summer nights under a cooling mist, then no reservation is needed.   Staff was friendly and kept my water full. (Bonus points for that!) I'll try to go back for happy hour soon. I'll be taking my out of town friends here as well. It's a triumph.
My bf and I went to Fuego Bistro last night and we were so impressed! Usually food at that price point can be pretentious and bland but our meal was amazing. We started with the empanadas which were to die for. (highly recommended) My bf got the Fuego Pasta which was impressive looking to say the least. While you don't get any sides with that entree, the portion size is huge! But be careful, this dish is SPICY. I ordered the beef short ribs and let me tell you, they changed my life. The meat was sweet and tender and the pineapple-cola glaze was incredible. Since I got two sides I ordered the cornbread casserole and the chili-glazed carrots. They were both delicious (the cornbread was my favorite) but the carrots were a little too spicy for me.   We each ordered a mojito with our meal. My bf ordered the traditional and I got the grapefruit-pomegranate. That is EXACTLY how a mojito should taste. The mint wasn't overpowering and while those babies were strong, it didn't taste like I was sipping on mint-flavored nyquil.   For dessert we ordered the horchata bread pudding. This was the only part of our meal that was a bit of a disappointment. We couldn't taste any horchata and the bread pudding itself had without a doubt been microwaved as it had a rubbery consistency.   The staff is very attentive. Our glasses were never empty and we didn't have to wait long for our food.   All in all we were very pleased with our meal and will be for sure returning in the near future!   P.s. Make sure you order a mojito. It's easy to see why they've won awards!
Maybe my expectations were too high...but I was underwhelmed by my experience here. Nothing I tried was bad, but the flavors were fairly bland. The best dish, IMO, was the empanada appetizer. The bbq sauce was great and did not take over the flavor of the filling. We ordered the pernil asado and chicken breast for entrees with sides of jalapeno creamed corn, green chile cornbread, chipotle mashed potatoes, and green beans. I barely tasted the jalapeno, green chile, or chipotle. The mashed potatoes had a kick of heat, but not of flavor. The chicken was moist but nothing spectacular. The one thing I would go back for is the pernil asado. It was moist, tender, and the orange habanero sauce was not too sweet. I really wanted to like this place but it just didn't work for me. Although the portions are big, at this price, there are many other restaurants in the area I would choose for dinner.
I am insanely in love with this little gem of a restaurant. I, like many others, first went to Fuego Bistro after the happy hour Groupon was released awhile ago. After checking the restaurants website, I was intrigued enough to get a Groupon, but hardly prepared for what I got. So here's what I've had, in order of least fave to OMG-I-get-it-everytime: (Because I've only been during happy hour, none of this is the dinner menu stuff. So excited to order those in the future, though!) 1) chicken tacos- while probably better than most placeschicken tacos, this was sampled off someone elses plate after I had already had something better. So while good, not the best I've had here. 2) Horchata bread pudding- it almost pains me to put this so far down, but again, the other items were just that good. Presentation on this dessert is a ten. Size- wow big. I had to bring most of it home. Flavor was where it lost me a little. I'm big fan of horchata and was just expecting a stronger cinnamon flavor, not to mention I'm pretty sure there is no rice in this dessert.  The bread pudding was good, especially with the slightly melted chocolate chips and candied walnuts on top, but nothing resembling horchata. On a positive note, it was served with the most amazing cookies and cream ice cream I've ever tried. Id have been happier just getting a large scoop of that (next time!) 3) tilapia tacos- ahhh... spicy but tolerable, perfectly cooked, great blend of flavors. The fact that everytime I order these the tortilla falls apart and I end up eating it with a fork does nothing to dissway me from them. Terrific! 4) pernil quesadilla- and here is the reason I'm hooked. The most tender and flavorful pork inside a perfectly chewy/crispy tortilla, with gooey happiness inside. I'm in love. The last time I went, knowing how good these were, I ordered one to eat and one to go at the start of my meal. Try it. Love it. And then there's the place itself. Yeah, hard to find, but worth it. And have I mentioned that I live in Surprise? Completely worth the trip. Service is exceptional, ambiance is exactly what this place should be like. Can't wait to go on a weekend night for the live music. Def. my fave Phoenix restaurant!
All I can say is "WOW" Fuego is a small place but the flavors are huge the dishes are creative and savory. I travel on business a lot and I was looking for a good meal close to my hotel and Fuego it. The service was good I took some of my customers their a few weeks later for lunch and they loved it also.  This place is a hidden gem I can't wait to go back.
This was my second  visit and I got to take two of my newbies to the place.  We were seated promptly indoors, and the staff was very friendly.  I ordered a blood orange mojito and it was excellent and quite large-just the way a cocktail should be.  I ordered the chicken which was excellent and the two sides I had were the stuffing and beans.  It was sooo good.  We felt no pressure in turning over the table as they do in some restaurants.  I tried my friends mashed potatoes and they were so good.  He cleaned his plate and raved about it and he eats like a bird so I know he like it.  Can't wait to try a new selection and for the next Groupon.
I'm a big fan.  Such a hidden gem that you really wouldn't know was there unless you were told where it was.  Very understated and beautiful little area.  When the weather is cooler, it's a perfect patio for happy hour.  Dinner gets a little pricier, but not any less worthy of praise.    For drinks, their maragarita is a smooth, fairly strong tasting wonder.  The wife prefers the blood orange/peach mojito (also quite tasty).  Think most happy hour drinks are $6-9.    As for food, you will *not* go wrong with anything pernil.  Their pernil (slow roasted pork) is fantastic.  At happy hour, get the pernil nachos - we get at least 1 order everytime we go and sometimes more if we have a few other people with us.  Fish tacos were quite tasty if that's your bag.  Shrimp and lightly friend and tasty.  I can honestly say I've never tried anything here I didn't enjoy.  Sure, some things I love more than others, but there isn't a disappointment on the menu so far.  Cannot recommend this place enough for happy hour.  Great service as well.
I hadn't heard of this gem until the second round of groupon offerings came out. For $10, I bought $30 worth of goods. It sounded like a good deal. I live in West Mesa now so it was a long drive for us but we were both good and hungry.  We were warmly greeted and well served after we found it (tricky).  The ambience is best described as warm and cozy - pretty intimate. I counted the total number of seats in the place: 28.  TJ ordered the pork entree with a side of carrots and the creamed corn. I ordered the pasta dish because I saw it arrive at someone else's table and was intrigued.  I had a white sangria and TJ got the blood orange mojito.   The entrees were delicious, truly. Mine was piping hot, fresh, just the right amount of creaminess and I was surprised at how perfectly cooked the onions and peppers in my dish were - still crisp without being under cooked. The pasta, too, was right on. The chicken and the chorizo - a little chewy.   TJ's portion didn't fill him entirely. He helped with my dish and I still had a box to bring home.   His mojito was truly wonderous - must find out how to do that at home. My sangria was just okay. It had little apple slivers in it that I found unappealing due to aged texture. I'd stick to the mojitos in the future and would only go back for happy hour pricing because with those four ordered items and our $30 Groupon credit, we still spent $43.00.   I'm not sure about the price/quality/quantity ratio. It would have been nice, too, to have some fanciful little breads or crackers or chips on the table before the entrees came out. Didn't happen. I'd say don't go starved and don't bring kids.
Fuego is indeed hidden but not too hard to find, and not really the gem it has been labeled.  After several visits to explore the menu and sample the dishes described by other critics as wonderful, I would have to politely disagree. The Latin description actually translates to Southwestern/Mexican.  The food itself is not bad, but it is nothing exceptional from any other Southwest grill. They do know how to correctly grill a steak, but most dishes under whelm, and the over-use of chipotle sauce is many dishes is a poor substitute for seasoning skill in the kitchen. Service is fair enough, drinks are good but still not exceptional. Here is the downside -this restaurant has two seating areas, not counting the outdoor patio. One is separated from the kitchen and bar area, and has reasonable ambience. The second dining area has the bar and kitchen access. Waiters are constantly running through it, out the door, and around to the other dining area. As a result it is distracting and quite noisy. A couple announced that they were celebrating their wedding anniversary and asked their server to take their picture, which she happily obliged after asking the kitchen staff to stop running past their table.  I felt sorry for them.  On the upside, it is not a chain or cookie-cutter place and has plenty of opportunity to improve.  A rating of 3 is really quite fair all things considered. Overall it can be a fair to very poor experience for dining.
Heaven. Fuego is just heaven. This super small, yet charming place is our favorite!! The menu is unique, and delish!! The creamed corn is to die for, I am talking unbelievable!!  Thirsty? Their mojito selection is insane and they have an even better happy hour.  Only negative is, that because of its small size, it fills up fast. reservations are a must!
Yummy and Spicy!    First - I must recognize that this restaurant serves my favorite drink in style.  Mojitos - yumm and more yumm.  Any restaurant that can fill my mojito cravings is a star in my book.   But moving on to the food. It was very tasty and flavorful!.  While a little spicy - the flavors were top notch.  The boyfriend likes his steak rare - and they (unlike many other places) actually served it rare.    Go here - order a mojito and start eating.  You will leave feeling sexy - just because this food has the spicy sex appeal.  I say 4.5!!
Finding this place can be tricky, but is totally worth it.  It's a very cozy atmosphere, only a few tables but very comfortable.  We came in pretty late so we were one of the last tables there that night, but the staff never made us feel unwelcome (which can happen when you're the only reason they still have to be at work.) Our server (though I wonder if he was also the owner or manager) was extremely helpful and personable. I think his conversation and service was one of the reasons we had such a great time. Gave us a lot of great suggestions on the menu and drinks.   I had the ahi tuna and he had the feugo pasta. Both dishes had a perfectly pleasant amount of spice to my taste - enough to bite but not enough to be overwhelming or uncomfortable.  They also have amazing mojitos. I had the blood orange flavor but I liked the prickly pear flavor better so if you go, try that one.   After dinner I wanted a coffee, rather than a whole dessert, and was disappointed they didn't serve any. But our waiter improvised a coffee cocktail that was absolutely delicious and I appreciated the effort rather than simply saying "we don't have it."  As we were leaving our server was telling us about a comedy night they do on Tuesdays that sounds pretty fun (apparently it goes for the next three weeks) - might have to go back to check it out. It's supposed to include happy hour pricing on the drinks and menu.  All in all I fell in love with this place and would definitely come back. It's a little pricey for it to be a regular place for me but they seem to do a lot of specials and discounts which make it a bit more affordable.
Had a Groupon  Coupon and tried the place out for the first time, food was great, Mohitos good also suggest asking to sit in Main seating area as overflow lacks atmosphere main courses very generous, might want to make dinner out of the appetizers will return
So we hadn't been since this place used to be Cafe Del Sol (yes, a few years ago). We used the Groupon we had purchased about a month ago. It was kind of awkward because there's the main dining room and a separate red-headed step child dining room around the corner, not really attached at all to the main dining room and probably all the excitement. We got there right at the end of happy hour and wifey ordered a glass of Sangria, I had a glass of Tempranillo (that totally blew by the way).  I ended up ordering another glass of wine (don't remember the name) and it was pretty good. I got the cola and pineapple braised short ribs, jalapeno cream corn a chile corn casserole. The sides were good, although the corn casserole was a tad dry. The shorts ribs were great, they didn't have that cheap pot roast taste that some braised short ribs can have. The sauce was a bit thick for my taste, but not a huge deal. Wifey had the grilled shrimp appetizer with avocado and mango sauce appetizer and the empanadas. She loved her food. I wasn't a fan of the empanadas. but the shrimp were pretty good. Overall, I think it's a pretty good place and it's nice to have another option in the area. Would I choose to go back? no, probably not, but I know the wife will make me go back at some point.
Our dinner at Fuego Bistro last night was stellar.   Our mission: to explore Cuban-inspired meals for an upcoming Cuban party. We accepted with glee, and we finished with happy, full bellies.   First things first: drinks. Three of us ordered a different type of mojito: mango, blood orange and pomegranate. I had the mango mojito, and it was very good, but I could really only have one because it was rather sweet. My friend Cara doesn't do rum, so she got her signature margarita ... sort of. Our waitress, Suzie, was fantastic. "Oh, you want the skinny girl margarita - I'll take care of you, don't worry." Her other famous line of the night was, "Don't worry, if you don't like your drink, I'll drink it for you and we'll make you another." When we DID like our drinks, it was "Oh, so I guess I'm staying sober tonight."   The four of us shared the signature empanadas and the jumbo sauteed prawns - both very good.   For dinner, I ordered the Natural Farm Chicken Breast: pounded, panko breaded in a sauce of tomatillo cream, goat cheese, bacon and tortilla pico de gallo. I chose the Green Chili Cornbread Casserole and Sauteed Organic Green Beans for my sides. Half of the meal is sitting in my fridge right now, waiting for me to visit it at lunch time. The portions were so huge!  The rest of the table featured the Cola and Pineapple Soy Braised Angus Short Rib Roast, the Signature Pernil Asado, the Homemade Tortilla Soup and the Fuego Salad. Two thumbs up from every diner. And, I was not the only one who went home with leftovers.   My husband gets some Yelp brownie points for telling our waitress, "My wife here, she's a big time yelper. She'll write a great review of this place tomorrow. " Suzie said, "I'm glad you just mentioned Yelp because now I can take 20% off your bill." And she did.   Fuego Bistro IS tucked away - be sure you have clear directions with you. You can't expect to see if from a main road like 7th Street.   Enjoy!
We came here this past Sat and it was cool because they had happy hour until 6pm. We got there around 5:30, so enough time to snag some HH drinks and apps. We ordered the HH pernil sliders for my daughter ($5) and it had pernil (marinated, slow-roasted pork), avocado, and a sweet slaw/cabbage on the buns. I snagged a few bites while my daughter ate. I was a little irked when I ordered the pernil (pronounced "pear-kneel" while rolling the "r") and the server responded, "Oh, you mean the "purr-nill"?" Note to owner, if you are going to have authentic dishes at your restaurant, please train your servers to pronounce your dishes correctly. Alright, rant aside, I had their red sangria (not that great), their first course grilled shrimp dish that had a really good avocado, guacatillo sauce. Yum. We also ordered the emapanadas. I liked them alot but my husband wasn't a fan. FB fills their empanadas with ground meat and my husband is used to my mom's stuffed with pernil. I thought they were good, though. Overall, I enjoyed my experience here. Their menu had a number of dishes I am interested in so I think I will come back again.
What's there possibly to say except this is one of Central Phx's best kept secrets!?!? Follow the directions our fellow Yelpers have listed for finding the place--they helped me and I'm so glad because we're regulars as a result.   Roasted Pernil pork, creamy jalapeno corn and a delicious glass of white sangria with pear--what's NOT to love?   The patio at dusk is delightful--and the live jazz music on Friday and Saturday evenings add to the delightful atmosphere. This is such an enjoyable experience--it's just very special at Fuego's. :D
My first visit was intended to be a weekend afternoon of appetizer's and cocktails. After reviewing the selections on the happy hour menu, it was easy to see that choosing "one" option was not going to be easy. We started with the wild salmon croquettes with a lemon caper beurre blanc sauce and the vegetarian tostadas and at the suggestion of our server the white and red wine sangrias. While a favorite here is difficult to choose, I would have to say the croquettes are at the top of my list. The tostadas are made of small fried tortillas with a guacamole spread was served with veggies and cheese, and topped with a chipotle aioli. By the time all was said and done, we had spent a greater part of the afternoon sampling the happy hour menu and ending it with the chocolate ancho chile torte, one of my favorite desserts of all time. For dinner, if you enjoy a spicier dish, you might try the green chile corn bread casserole. It is a great balance of sweet and spicy that I can't resist!   The atmosphere and staff are both welcoming making this one of my favorite downtown local spots.
Seriously people! This place is freakin ridiculous. My new favorite restaurant for sure! I can't even suggest one thing because EVERYTHING is to die for. My husband and I went here for Arizona restaurant week so we were able to try two apps, two entrees (with two side each) and two desserts. Not one thing was less than perfect!
Wow! I can't say enough good things about this place. The location is perfect, the menu is great, the drinks are incredible and most importantly, the service is the best I've received anywhere.   Don't pass up the chance to visit. I'm there for happy hour at least three times a month!
I don't write reviews too often, but I couldn't pass up the opportunity to share how great Fuego Bistro is.  I found out about Fuego Bistro through a Groupon and what originally got my attention was the mojitos.  While dining here, I enjoyed two fabulous mojitos, an original lime and one blood orange, which were both quite tasty.   They have several different flavors and quite the selection of rum.  However, it wasn't just the mojitos that I enjoyed.  I happen to go during Restaurant week and had a three course meal consisting of Mini-Vegetarian Tostadas, their Signature Pernil Asado with Chipotle Cheddar Mashed Potatoes and Green Chile Corn Bread Casserole.  I also sampled the empanadas as a friend of mine had those for an appetizer.    Oh my goodness, every single bite I had was fabulous...and I think I stopped to say that every time I had a bite, I couldn't stop talking about how delicious everything tasted. The Signature Pernil Asado - basically slow roasted pork shoulder (24 hours according to the waiter) was the best shredded pork I've eaten at any restaurant.  It was so tender and extremely juicy which doesn't happen very often.  To top that off, the chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes were creamy and accompanied the pork perfectly.  I wasn't expecting perfection from the corn bread casserole, but this also exceeded any expectations I've ever had of corn bread.  You could actually taste the green chili in the corn bread and it had the consistency of a fresh baked brownie which may sound weird but was some of the best corn bread I've ever had as I was expecting something rather dry and not to flavorful.  To put it simply, everything was spectacular.  I haven't stopped talking about this place since I went, it's a must try and I know I'll be going back real soon!
I had seen this place for years and always meant to check it out. I was pulling out my new Entertainment Book and voila there was a BOGO for Fuego. I checked them out on Yelp and off we headed. The parking was a bit of a confusion. Do not park in Apollo's lot, but on the side street there are spaces near the entrance. The place was packed on a late Friday night. They close at 9 and we got there about 8:30. There was live music. Some better than others (open mic?), but entertaining all the same. The crowd was very mixed. Everything from Families with kids to Gay Couples and all in between.  We were not looking at spending a whole lot of time as it was close to closing. We skipped the starters (which turned out to be a good idea). We ordered a Natural Farm Chicken Breast and a Signature Pernil Asado. The Chicken was awesome. We would certainly order this again. The Pernil Asado was less than desirable. It came with two tortillas. The meat was plenty juicy, just not all that flavorful. The Chicken though was the bomb. For sides we got the Green Chili Cornbread Casserole (YUM), Maple Chili glazed Carrots (YUM) and the Chipotle Cheddar Mashed Potatoes (Good). Not the best waitress, but hey you can't have it all. The place was very relaxing and I loved the feel of it. I am sure I will be back. They have a great happy hour, though I do recommend going for a late dinner on the weekend. To bad they are not open an hour later, but the place is nice at night. I just want to try one of their famous Mojitos next time.
Fuego Bistro is one of my new favorites! A couple people have recommended it to me, so my boyfriend and I decided to try it for restaurant week.   We arrived about 15 minutes before our reservation to have a drink on the patio. The staff was super welcoming and friendly. Matt enjoyed a mai tai and I had a red sangria - both very refreshing. Our table was ready right on time and we had an awesome waitress who gave great suggestions on ordering... there were so many good looking options on their restaurant week menu. We're sharers, so we ordered with that in mind.   Drinks:  We got the pomegranate mojito (very refreshing) and a peach-blood orange mojito (sweet, but very good)  Starters:  Signature empanadas: Tasty. The focus was the meat, I would have preferred more vegetables inside. Sauteed prawns: The star here were the sauces - delicious!  Entrees:  Cola Braised Short Ribs: AMAZING! Some of the best we've ever had. The short ribs were very tender and not fatty at all. The flavor was so good! Pernil Asado (shredded pork): So delicious!! I made little tacos with their fresh corn tortillas.   Sides:  Green chili cornbread casserole: A little drier than I had imagined, but great flavor.  Maple chiliglazed carrots: The glaze didn't really stand out to me, but good as far as baby carrots go. Jalapeno creamed corn: I was pleasantly surprised - really enjoyed this one!  Chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes: A great side with the short rib.   Dessert: (By this point, we knew we'd need to be rolled out of the restaurant, but we HAD to have dessert since it was part of restaurant week).  Chocolate chip bread pudding: Really good chocolate chip bread with scoops of malted chocolate crisp ice cream. This was a lot of food after that meal, but I savored the bites I had. The ice cream was excellent! Banana burrito: exactly what you'd picture with scoops of the same icecream - delicious!   I can't wait to go back to Fuego and tell my friends about it. Great service, charming atmosphere, and excellent dishes.... Fuego is a winner!
It has been a few years since we visited this place.  Restaurant.com had an awesome deal (purchased a $25 gift certificate for $3).  We went on a Saturday night.  The patio outside was beautiful with live music, candles burning, and a fountain running.  Very romantic.  My hubby and I found ourselves cooing to one another and holding hands while listening to the musician play Simon Garfunkel oldies.    The wait staff at the restaurant were top notch.  Friendly, nice, and they helped one another out by re-filling empty glasses and checking on customers.  The wait staff can make or break a joint.    The food was good.  We had the ribs with fresh green beans (crunchy and yummy) and mashed potatoes.  We also had the crusted tilapia.  The tilapia must have been substituted with halibut.  This dish presentation was beautiful however the flavor was a little lackluster.  I think the fish was not seasoned prior to cooking.  The creamed corn was amazing!!  I could have had this for dessert.    We ended the meal with a chocolate torte.  The torte itself was lovely.  Rich and decadent.  However I don't know that I was a fan of the pumpkin ice cream and the berry sauce.  The chocolate sauce was much better - wish there was more of that instead.   Portions here are huge!  I noticed several people had to-go boxes.    Overall the experience and the food were great and I would love to go back soon.
We checked this place out because we had a groupon. You can also get discounted certificates for Fuego Bistro on restaurant.com, and they occasionally do offers through LunchClub.  This place has an extensive drinks menu. We got mixed drinks and loved them. I think mine was a flavored mojito, and his was something tropical. The Seared Ahi Tuna Mini Tostadas were OK, but the Angus GriIIed New York Strip Steak was an absolute showstopper.   As others have said, this place is hard to find. Look for Apollo's on the east side of 7th Street (giant lambda sign) and park in the lot just east of them.
I love this place.  I have visited it a couple of times and last time was for restaurant week.  Everything is great. I love the sauteed prawns with pineapple salsa and for the sides my favorites are the jalapeno creamed corn (can't get enough) and the cheddar mashed potatoes. On a previous visit I had the Pernil Asado, really awesome.  For dessert I like the Horchata bread pudding.  The place is very cozy, just a few tables inside.  I am so happy we have nice weather now, so we can sit in the patio.  Can't wait to go back.
Well, Yelp directed me to this place, so I figured I'd better add my review too.  My wife had given me explicit instructions... "good food tonight", and from the reviews, Fuego Bistro seemed interesting.  We're in from SF, and don't know the area at all.  First, we were struck by the pleasant ambiance, with a fountain in the courtyard and a jazz trio playing - quite a juxtaposition from the parking lot and surrounding block when you arrive.  The owner, Jeff, greeted us and even though we didn't have a reservation (on a Friday night) was really pleasant and found a place for us - especially important because we had our little one in tow and he was getting hungry.  Jeff helped us with the wine list and pointed us at a great "off-menu" bottle at a very reasonable price - a great way to start a meal.  But it was the food that really impressed.  We tried the empenadas, the pork, the salmon croquettes, the tortilla soup and the prawns.  Everything was outstanding.  I have to say though, strangely the real standout for me was the jalapeno creamed corn - and I'm not usually a creamed corn fan.    The deserts were also great - we split a chocolate torte and some ice cream for the little one.  The torte was rich but yet light.  All I can say is to try this place.  It seems like the folks working there have a real pride in what they do and it shows.
I've been to Fuego Bistro twice, both times the food was amazing!  Try a mojito with the Pernil Asado, you won't be disappointed.  The restaurant is small, and the staff is very friendly, they seemed to know a lot of their customers by name.
My friends and I ate here for a girls' night out. It is a bit tricky to find as you can't see it from the street. We were seated on the patio. The weather was pretty perfect and they had a little jazz band. So cute!   I was starving and ordered the empanadas. They were pretty big, full of tasty filling, and not greasy. I got the chicken breast dinner with mashed and the corn bread casserole. Portions are huge! Everything was delicious and I had to take quite a bit home. I would have liked to try a dessert, but I was so stuffed. Also, our server reminded us that tip was included in our bill. It was really refreshing that he wasn't trying to get a double tip out of us.  My only slight complaint is we had to wait a couple times for drink refills.  I look forward to coming here again and trying lunch.
Very tasty.  Had the pork which it typically dry but here it was really good.  The only thing is that I got bored with the flavor.  Quality of ingredients are very high.
Wow! The portions here are way more generous than I had expected.   Not to sound like a total cheapskate but the prices had scared me off of Fuego Bistro for a long time. The menu sounded great and I came for lunch and LOVED my Cuban sandwich - A LOT - but dinner seemed steep.   Came for happy hour and had a top notch mojito and enjoyed delicious sliders. Still, for dinner... I wasn't convinced.   I saw a Groupon but the conditions (must buy 2 entrees) didn't earn any points for me, personally. My friend, however, had a Groupon and suggested we meet here for dinner.   Holy mole! The dinner portions are HUGE. No wonder the prices are what they are. You can easily share an entree - or take home left overs. There must've been a dozen shrimp on my plate. MOUNDS of pork on the other. You get to choose 2 sides and they're all wonderful.   So, to put an end to this long story... do NOT let the dinner prices scare you off. The food is delicious and you get your money's worth, not just in the quality but in the quantity too!
Wow this place is awesome.  Thank you Groupon for sending me this way.    So it was a little hard to find as it's tucked away down a side street with not much signage.  Don't let that fool you though this place is a MUST stop.    I ordered the special which was a southwestern meatloaf wrapped in bacon with green chili and pepper jack cheese in it.  It was really good I am glad I ordered the meatloaf.   I usually would never order that as usually it's not my favorite thing.    The meal came with two sides so I went with the jalapeno creamed corn which was to die for.  It was spicy and sweet and just awesome.  My other side was the green chili cornbread casserole.  It was good nothing great but it had a nice kick with the green chili in it.    On to dessert well actually not on to dessert I was too full which was a good thing.  I will be back for dessert another day for sure probably for happy hour because the menu looked great.  They have distinct lunch, happy hour, and dinner menu's so you can go different times of the day and have totally different meals.    Totally awesome spot to try if you have never been I give it 4.5/5
Me and a friend who lives in the area decided to try something a little different. Uninspired I decided to use my Yelp iphone app and Fuego Bistro seemed to have great reviews...for good reason.  The location isn't the most visible but at night when we went the patio/courtyard has it's charm and the food is definitely outstanding. I had the Fuego Pasta and loved it and my friend had the seared ahi tuna.  If not for the location being a bit far from me, I'd definitely make it  my neighborhood restaurant of choice.
I've been to Fuego Bistro just twice, but both times it was a great experience.  It's tricky to find, and has a very odd sort of setup next to a ballet studio.  But don't get me wrong, the atmosphere is great.  Tonight they had all the indoor tables from around the bar outside since the weather was nice.  Add in the live music and all the friendly staff and it makes for a great night out.  As a complete side note, my wife noticed that the bathroom door has a mail slot in it.  Who knows what this place was before it was Fuego Bistro.   The food?  Well Jeff, the owner, will most likely stop by your table and sell you really hard on something.  Not in a bad sort of way, I believe the guy is just really exciting about his food on a regular basis.  The good news is he isn't full of it, all the food has been great that I've tried.  Tonight he suggested the special, a seafood chile relleno.  Fried goodness with a great spicy finish to it.    The only possible downside would be the prices.  If it were any cheaper I would be a serious regular there.  But there is always a special of some kind going on.  I got our mojitos discounted just for mentioning Yelp tonight.  The last time I used a groupon.  So shop around for coupons before you go.
Do you ever want to go out for dinner but just can't decide on what you want or where you want to go???  Well, I think I have found that place to go for very good food.    The Pernil Asado (pork) was very moist and flavorfull.   My wife got the veggie enchiladas...all fresh veggies.  Cornbread caserole (with bacon), jalapeno cream corn, and chipolatle mashed potatoes were all great.    The portions were very big...had to roll is out!
This was my first trip out here with my wife and some of her girlfriends. It was off the street a bit, and parking is a little tight, but we managed just fine.  This was some extremely tasty business! I started off with the pork bbq sliders. Two came on a plate, and it was a heaping full of meat. I shared it with the rest of the table. My wife got the empanadas and they were very good as well.  For main course I got the chicken breast with the chipotle mashed potatoes, and jalepeno cornbread. One of the best meals I have had in a long time. There was a lot of different flavors that were playing in this dish, and I loved it!  Half the table got great service, the other half not so good. My drink was forgotten, my meal didnt come out with everyone elses... But she made up for it in the end, so its all good in my book! :)  My only complaint is that they dont have a very vibrant bar scene. Their specialty is mojitos, so if you love them, this is your place! My wife said it was the best mojito she had ever had, a blood orange mojito.
I would say Fuego Bistro's specialty is, well, everything.  Stand-up service, great lunch/happy hour selection and pricing, awesome patio setup, and some of the best Latin food I've eaten.  The waitstaff will definitely remember your name if you come back (and trust me, you will).  The mojitos are certainly delicious (blood orange for sure), but I would go for the sangria.  I like the red, but I hear the white is delicious as well, although a little sweet for me.  Pernil Asado is a sure pick, as is the dish with the mole should they put it on special again.  I'd eat and drink just about anything on the menu, and I'd be sure to leave full, drunk, and without a huge hold in my wallet!  Thanks, Fuego Bistro, I wish I found you sooner!  PS - they are on Restaurant.com, and they have a pretty lenient coupon-use policy if you're cheap like me.
First heard of this place when I saw the Groupon for it. Checked out the reviews on Yelp, so I decided to buy 3. Big mistake. Should have bought 10!  The mojitos are among the best I've ever had. Including the ones I had when I was actually in Havana. Heard the portions were big so we decided against an appetizer, but the empanadas looked delicious.  Ordered the pork and the Fuego Pasta. The sauce that came with the pork was great, but the plate could have come with a couple more tortillas.  Had the chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes and the green chile cornbread casserole. The potatoes were good, with just the right amount of spice, but the cornbread was amazing. Seriously, its one of the beat sides I've had in Phoenix.  I'm a big fan of the Big Rig at Oregano's and the Carlsbad Pasta at Carlsbad Tavern, but the Fuego Pasta might be the best pasta dish I've ever had.  Can't wait to go back during happy hour to try the sliders and pork quesadillas. I can see myself becoming a regular here.
Hidden next to a dance studio, this is an absolutely adorable gem of a place.  The food is a both sweet and spicy.  The cornbread casserole is something that I dream about.  Portions are big and the service is always friendly.  I almost don't want to share how much I love this place :)  The drinks are strong without being too boozy.  Have never had a bad meal here.
Perfect for a quiet birthday dinner, or a date night. This low-key place, without fancy decor or furniture, has room for 25-odd diners. What it lacks in terms of the set-up, it makes up with the food and the attentive service. I think we got served by four different people! We got two white sangrias, a tortilla soup and  jumbo sauteed prawns in a tomatillo avocado sauce and a chipotle guajillo sauce with mango fruit chutney, for appetizers.   The tortilla soup was served in a deeeeeep bottomed bowl, and was hot and delicious. I would have been happy making a dinner out of the soup, with some garlic bread thrown in, but since it was a special dinner, I couldn't linger over the soup and finish it all up...I had to leave space for the main course. The prawns were not jumbo, but they were delicious nonetheless.   For main course we got the day's special, which was a  medley of all their seafood: mussels, ahi tuna, prawns--on a bed of deliciously soft spinach and rice, and their famous Pernil Asado. The pork was soft, juicy and flavorful.   We had no room for desserts...though I would have loved to try the Kahlua Creme brulee. Well, I'll save that for next time, I guess!
I was plesantly surprised by how much I enjoyed the food here.  I had the Pork (pernil asado) with cornbread casserole and cheddar mashed potatotes.  When I arrived, the owner greeted us and asked my husband and I if we had reservations.  We didn't but we were quickly seated to a table for two.  We tried this place because we had a Groupon, and I'm so glad we did.  The pork was perfectly cooked, delicious, and tender.  We ordered the empanadas for an appetizer and we were treated to a tasty beef pastry.  The empanadas were nicely complemented by a fresh pico de gallo which had the perfect bite.  The casserole was not overcooked or dry, and tasted wonderful.  I'm so glad we found this little hidden restaurant.
I was expecting good things from Fuego and was not disappointed.  I was lucky to get in at all, since I went on NYE, but my excitement was dampened by waiting at the bar over ten minutes before anyone took a drink order.  (Hence the missing star.)  When the bartender realized that, though, he promptly apologized and took both drink and food orders ASAP.  The prickly pear mojito was amazing, and the bartender was personable and helpful to everyone.  The dinner menu was kind of pricy, but the food was very good.  I had the tilapia and the chipotle mashed potatoes, and I thought they were both amazing.  The portion size was big enough to make for a comfortable dinner and leftover lunch the next day (except the potatoes, which predictably never left the restaurant!).  I also had the jalapeno cornbread casserole -- to me, it was okay but less impressive than the mashed potatoes.  The wait staff and hostess were all very attentive (other than the minor glitch at the beginning), which made up for sitting right next to the credit card machine.  I'll definitely be going back (albeit either for the happy hour menu or a coupon!).  Good food, pleasant people and great drinks!
Definitely the meal of the week for us.  We started with a salad that had a bacon and cinnamon combination with spinach and goat cheese.  That was certainly a new one for us.  The short rib dish was outstanding.  I loved the way the spices went against the cola flavoring.  My wife had the pernil asado, and she enjoyed that.  It should also be noted that the sides were outstanding.  We closed the evening out with the chocolate cake with ancho chiles and ice cream that had little malted milk balls in it.  One of a kind dessert, that was.  Honestly, chocolate cake desserts are so commonplace, and it's easy to forget all the different ones we've tried, but this one will certainly be remembered.  Wines were not ridiculously marked up, either (and that is a huge pet peeve of mine).  We look forward to a return visit soon, as it's right by my mom's house.  I just wish it was around when I used to live in Phoenix.
We had a truly five-star dining experience on New Year's Eve at this restaurant!  We arrived early during what is normally Happy Hour, but our server, Steve, and the chef accommodated our request for dinner entrees.  The service was impeccable and the food was phenomenal.  My husband had the short ribs and said they were the best he had ever experienced and I had the chicken/chorizo penne pasta, which was out of this world!  If you like spicy, I guarantee you will love this entree.  Everything about our dining experience was perfect, right down to the deep-fried chocolate banana dessert!  Arrive with an appetite and high expectations . . . you will NOT be disappointed!
Bought a deal on Groupon and finally made it over there. It is set up strangely with two rooms not connecting but this has no impact on their service. We got their early and were warmly greeted by whom I can only assume to be the owner himself as he was answering the phone. The tortilla soup was some of the best I have had in a long time and the entrees did not disappoint. I'm a sucker for goat cheese and my chicken was absolutely amazing! My husbands pork was very flavorful too (he was sweating that's how I know it was good). Our drinks were filled just at the right times and we left very satisfied customers.  I would love to come back again for happy hour if/when I'm on the east side again.
Fuego Bistro has awesome Latin food. Everyone talks about the Mojidos and they are great but my favorite was the Angus New York Grilled Steak. It was a little bit pricey at $26 but I had a 50% off coupon that I just bought yesterday at phoenix.org. Don't remember exactly where the coupon is but I found it on the first page of Google when I searched for "Phoenix.org, Fuego Bistro Discount card".  I highly recommend the bistro. Don't skimp on the appetizers, they are awesome!
Fuego Bistro has quickly become one of my wife and I's favorite restaurants!  We went with a large group the first time and they were great about us having 7, including two smaller children.  Last night my wife and I went back for a date night and had the most wonderful time!  Jeff, the owner, is fantastic and always wants to make sure you have a great time.  The sommelier was also great.  He talked to us about the wine, gave us some tips for pairings, and even had us take a sip of wine while chewing our food.  It totally changed the character of both the wine and food.  Speaking of the food, the short ribs are amazing!  The best sides we've had are the creamed corn and the chipotle mashed potatoes, but the maple chili carrots and the cornbread green chili casserole are also very good!  The cocktails are great and the happy hour menu is pretty reasonable.  We will definitely be going to Fuego on a regular basis!!
We went for the second time last night and it was really very good. There were some glitches last night that seemed to be felt throughout the restaurant. Case and point: my boyfriend order a rare steak (we even emphasized really rare) and it came medium well. The waitress kindly resolved the issue, but I was almost done with my meal by the time his replacement steak arrived. But I will not fault them for this.   We shared some tortilla soup to start (very tasty and could be a meal by itself). I had the Shrimp dinner . . .very good a little spicy and my shrimp were slightly over cooked.   The star of the night was for sure the cornbread chili casserole - it was sweet with a little spicy . . .so good.   Generally I find their dishes slightly on the spicy side for my taste buds - but overall very good. I would give them a 3 1/2 . . . almost a 4   We will be back . . . may be just for the cornbread and tortilla soup!
I have eaten at Fuego Bistro many times and each time is AMAZING!!! I have tried most things on the menu from spicy beef empanadas to the NY strip steak or the slow roasted pork. Everything I have ever had at this place is phenomenal. They flavor their food in unique ways I would never even think of and it turns out great.  The sides are delicious too (example: try the Green Chili Cornbread Casserole and Chipotle Cheddar Mashed Potato). I typically do not enjoy desserts, but they have a Chocolate Torte with ice cream that melts in your mouth (yes, that means you should get it!). I very rarely write reviews, but this place is totally worth it! The staff is very pleasant and you can usually catch the owner, Jeff, sauntering around. Every person I have introduced to this restaurant is blown away. One tip: The food does take a little longer to prepare than Jack in the Box, so allow a lunch break longer than 30 minutes to allow time to order, receive and enjoy your food. Also, if you are planning on going on a busy night like Friday or Saturday, I would suggest you call ahead to ensure a reservation since it is a smaller restaurant. I first found out about this restaurant a few months ago through a promotion and once you try it, you'll be hooked too.  They also participated in Restaurant Week in 2010 and I hope they do it again in 2011!
Found this place on yelp, and had to give it a try. Exceeded our expectations! The fuego pasta dish is AMAZING, a definite must have. The boyfriend loved the pork nachos as well.
Terrific restaurant all the way around.  The food is amazing and our service was completely top notch.  We went with a large group for a Saturday lunch and they generously gave us our own room with clearly one of their best servers.  We were made to feel right at home and had a wonderful time.  I followed others recommendations and had the pork nachos and ordered the Fuego Pasta with shrimp for my wife. Both were delicious.  The only negative was listening to my wife give me a had time for actually finishing the huge plate of nacho.  I think the chips were homemade as they were light, crispy, and very tasty.  Can't wait to go back!
We had a Groupon for this place that we just couldn't seem to get around to using. I suppose it was because the place was nearly an hour from our house. Anyway, I really wanted to love it. But here's what happened:  Things I loved: When we couldn't get a reservation the last week of the Groupon the owner offered to extend the date so we could use it; They have a GORGEOUS patio - with live music; service was very good; portions were generous: amazing mashed potatoes and cornbread casserole.  Things I didn't: The prices - they are steep; the complexity of the food. Now this last requires elaboration. I was reminded of a TV show (this actually sounds harsher than it is) that Gordon Ramsey does. In one episode a very nice French restaurant was having trouble and he explained to them that their dishes were too complex and it hurt the flavor. He suggested they simplify, which I believe they did, and to good result. This was my experience. The dishes I loved were simple and absolutely delicious.  But our entrees were not and they suffered for it. For example, my ribeye had cajun seasoning, then it had a roasted vegetable medly on top, then it had melted blue cheese over the seasoned meat and vegis. Too many flavors. And not one wowed because they all got lost in each other. Same with Jim W's chicken. It had panko breading and tomatillo cream sauce. But it also had goat cheese, crumbled bacon, pico de gallo and tortilla pieces. It sounds delicious but when I tried it the flavors were muddled and confused.    I hate to say it, but I would have been happier elsewhere. I'm going with 3.5 stars. I'm going to keep an eye on their menu. Maybe I'll give them another try.
Things I liked:   - You can text your reservation at anytime   - The restaurant and patio are beautiful inside compared to the nondescript building they are housed in   - The waiters and bus boys were very friendly, knowledgeable, and alert to our needs (i.e. refilling glasses etc)   - The food was amazing! (Although, other yelpers have said the portions are shareable I finished my entree by myself)   -Drinks! The sangria was amazing (very strong)   Other than being slightly pricey (unavoidable for quality food), there isn't anything I dislike!
Consider this 3.5 stars.   So here's the deal.  The service is great, the atmosphere is nice inside and out and the food is good.  The prices?  Not so great for good food.  The sides were actually better than the main dish which is where they fall from 4 stars, especially considering that entrees are $20-25 bucks.  I had a chicken breast that was panko breaded, smothered in tomatillo & cream sauce, topped with bacon, goat cheese, pico de gallo (fresh onion, tomato, cilantro, etc) and crispy tortilla strips.  Frankly I don't think I ever tasted the chicken.  Or the bacon.  Or the goat cheese.  Those are the things I was looking forward to.  That's what sold me on the dish.  But they were lost in the tomatillo, the cream, the salsa, the tortilla strips...this dish tried to do too much and suffered for it. This chicken was a jack-of-all-trades, master of none.  The sides-cornbread casserole and spicy mashed potatoes-were very good.  The bottom line?  Good but not great and if I'm paying $21 for a chicken breast I should be wowed.
The short rib roast was heavenly!  Great mojitos, service, and atmosphere as well.
I went here tonight with the BF. We thought it was really meh, capital MEH. We had a reservation, but for some reason got sat inside. There were virtually no people eating inside and outside was lively and had a band playing... we couldn't even hear it inside... it was like silent. I would think they would at least open the doors, but nope. So that was a bad start. It took our waitress a long time to even come to our table, and when she came she asked if we wanted drinks and apps (which we didn't given the portion size) and we ordered dinner. The waitress seemed kind of short with us, and it may have been that she was busy or that she was mad we didn't order more items. Anyway, so I ordered the chicken and the bf ordered the pulled pork. Both were pretty lack luster. First off, the food came out really fast... like it was all premade fast... and it wasn't really hot, just kind of warm. Like other people have said, the chicken sounds really good but actually comes out kind of bland. The menu says the chicken is pounded but my chicken was like 2 inches thick, so that was weird. The breading wasn't really crispy and the whole thing just wasn't that good. The bf's pork was also kind of bland, even with the dipping sauce that came with it. The sides were alright (mashed potatoes, corn bread, carrots-these didn't have a ton of flavor). Despite the food being underwhelming, we did decide to order dessert. This is why I gave this restaurant 2 stars. The banana burrito was delicious! I wish I had just eaten this for dinner.  So we get our check and I have a 30$ groupon. The bill comes back and only 20$ was taken off. We waited for about 6 minutes for the waitress to come back and she was good about it, she fixed it. It just seemed like a weird mistake. Anyway, for the two of us to get mains and split a dessert (no apps and no drinks) cost me a total of 45$ (would have been 60). This was way too much for what we got. I felt kind of ripped off. Maybe it was just my experience, but it was overall underwhelming.
BETWEEN FAIR AND GOOD.  We went here on a Friday night.  I had short ribs, which were a big pile off the bone and recommended by the server, huge portion, tasty, and in general pretty good (I shared with everone and they were a hit with young and old).    My wife had the tuna, which was at best average.  I'm terrible cooking fish, and I do better.  What shined were the side dishes.  I dislike cornbread normally, but the cornbread caserole was filling and outstanding.  The mashed potatoes with cheddar tasted several hours old, but still were good.  My wife tried the cornbread and like it, but also tried the carrots and said they were very, very plain and disappointing.  Children had standard fair chicken fingers and fries for $5.  Other option was buttered pasta.  Can't complain about the price, but it would be nice if they had something a little healthier or interesting for the kids, like a very small portion of the short-ribs, which my kids loved.   So here is the verdict... setting was pretty nice, especially in the enclosed patio, but food was just okay for an upscale restaurant, and in general overpriced.  For $20-30 entrees, I expect tastier better food.  However, quantities were nice.    Use your GPS, because it's easy to get lost finding this place.  Just when you are about to turn around because it's residential, look to your right and it's there.  Would I be back?  Perhaps.  I would like to try the happy hour (we just missed it) and try greater variety.  But I think there are definitely much better options in this price range in this portion of Phoenix (for example, Sierra Bonita Grill up the street comes to mind).
We were vacationing in Phoenix & decided to check out Fuego Bistro for dinner after reading all the great reviews on Yelp. We arrived with no reservation but the hostess gladly offered to seat us at the bar with bartender extraordinaire Steve. The meal was completely amazing... it knocked our socks off! We ordered the pernil asado & the short ribs, with the cornbread casserole, jalapeno creamed corn, green beans & chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes as our sides. There is not a single thing either of us can find wrong with anything we ate! The flavors & textures were like heaven in our mouths. It's been a month since we ate there & I'm still thinking about it. That really speaks to what a huge impression they left on me.  The dessert menu looked really good as well but the portion sizes were so huge that there was no way we could've eaten anymore.  Thanks Yelpers for the great recommendation!
We had an awesome meal. I ordered the pernil asado with the cornbread and mashed potatoes.  Well sized portions and the quality was great. Probably the best cornbread I've ever had. Gf had the tilapia and she couldn't stop raving about it. The carrots were also excellent.  Had the banana burrito for dessert and it was very good as well.      Also, the service was very good.  Their lunch and happy hour menus seemed very good and reasonably priced. Will definitely come back here, especially during these hours.
The food here was great! Wish there was more indoor seating, but the seating both indoor and outside is nice, live music sometimes, nice decor.  I've tried a few of the specialty drinks, some are good some are so/so but isn't it always that way? Just preferences.  The prices are a bit high, but the portions are worth it, we can split a meal typically.  The Deserts are awesome too!
I am a GROUPON kinda Guy and this was one of the great finds I came across month ago and decided to finally use it. The only thing was the groupon was only valid for din din... bummer  Although it was Friday and I was in a Happy Mood and decided to stay for lunch. We decided to sit at the bar and familiarize ourselves with the lunch drink menu. I would have to recommend the Mojito. For the lil' drinker in you, choose the white sangria over the red (I heard it has more alcohol in it)  But for the tummy I would shout out the recommendation of the Tostadas! The were amazing! I hope you are not allergic to avocado because instead of refried beans the avocado is the base of this lovely snack. I only ordered one portion that was probably the only thing I was upset with. I can't wait to head back for din din to use my groupon
My man took me to Fuego for a pre-birthday meal on a Wednesday night. I was surprised to see how many diners were there a. Because it's a Wednesday and b. Because it's in such an odd spot!! Once you get past the randomness of it's location, you will see how quaint and homey feeling it is. The two servers working the front of the house were friendly multi-taskers who welcomed, advised and fetched drinks while we decided on, then waited for our meal. We started with the scallop app and agreed that it was great, although small (3 scallops/$13). How bout one more tasty morsel? Apparently, it was small to save room for the hulking entrees we graciously received next! Wow! I had the seared ahi-a huge portion of it spicily seasoned, lightly seared, and great tasting! The man had the stuffed chicken breast, and inhaled it. It looked great as well. Also in the "great" category were the side dishes! Omg, the cheddar massed potatoes were so freaking scrumptious I could die! I also had the jalapeño creamed corn, that I mixed with the potatoes to make a combo from heaven! Man got the green chile cornbread casserole, which sounded meh, but tasted incredible! Such a fantastic meal! Stuffed with amazing food, and pampered by attentive servers, I was disappointed that I couldn't give Fuego 5 stars. But it wouldn't be prudent.  Why, you ask?  Because the sangria sucked. I had both the white, that tasted like watered down kool-aid, and the red, that tasted like old, cheap red wine mixed with coke a cola. They both sucked. Not good. Hopefully it was an off night, beverage-wise and I just happened to be there for it. Everything else was spot-on!
Fuego Bistro is hands down one of the best restaurants in Arizona. I was incredibly lucky to have them cater my wedding this past weekend. I had all of my guests coming up to me raving that it was not only the best wedding food they had ever had, but some of the best food they had ever had.   Jeff Ward creates an amazing experience for all of his guests. His attention to detail, and the care he puts into everything he does is evident. Kevin, also makes an incredible effort.   If you haven't gone, you are missing out. The Coke Cola braised short ribs are a MUST.
Knew this was going to be great when it was a Mom/Pop hole in the wall.  Food was very good, service was excellent.  Waitress, Suzie was hilarious and a great help.  Would suggest asking for Carlos' special hot sauce if you like spice or will be a bit bland.  Great happy hour menu.  Had the happy hour chile rellano (massive) and the nacho pork (great).
My husband and I went here after a delightful afternoon at the Phoenix Art Museum (it's about  3 miles from there).  We had yelped a place close to the museum,  and this one popped up, and we are glad it did.  What a wonderful find.  And the previous yelp reviews helped in ordering:  chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes, jalapeno creamed corn, the cornbread, and the raspberry mojito (of which they had many choices to pick from) .   All were as yelpers described ---- superb!   An extra bonus was  to get to this place during the happy hour (3-6) because the drinks and appetizers were  less expensive, so that convinced us to try the Empanadas for the appetizer - yum!  (but other people were raving about the chiles rellenos, as well!)  Our congenial and helpful waitress Susie suggested pernil asado (pulled pork with a special sauce), and we were so glad she did because it was the hit of the evening for us. She had also suggested the Ribs, which we probably should have ordered, too, instead of the tillapia ---- the fish was good, but just not as wow as the other food on our plates.  She suggested to have dessert, but we are sorry we were just too full to take her up on the suggestion --- and there were desserts on the happy hour list, as well!  The outdoor seating capped the whole wonderful experience.  One added thing ---- you really have to search for the sign for this place because it doesn't front on the busy street --- but it's like Oz once you leave the drab parking lot (Dorothy's home) and enter through the gates of Fuego Bistro.  Enjoy!
First time at Fuego Bistro, and it was outstanding!  So first off, it's a little tough to find.  It's tucked in the back of other businesses, but keep searching.  The inside dining is very limited, but the place you want is on the patio, anyway.  We went for Happy Hour, which is a smashing deal.  The mojitos are truly wonderful.  We tried the Classic, Dragonberry, Blood Orange, and Coconut.  All fantastic.  For eats, we had the empanadas, (beefy, beany and oh so yummy), pork quesadillas, and Ahi tuna sliders.  All winners.  But the desserts, DANG!!!  We had the chocolate torte and the Key Lime Pie.  Now, it's really hard to get good Key Lime pie, but theirs is homemade and fantastic!    Service was wonderful, prompt and friendly. We can't wait to go back and try the full dinners.
Great patio and awesome food! The flavors are delicious!
I grew up on Empanadas in Panama and I have been hard pressed to find anything close to them in the U.S.. today I found them!   A perfectly crunchy crust and the beef was beautifully spiced. Usually Empanadas are bland and soggy. They did a great job on these.  I usually don't like rice, but the rice and black beans were wonderful.   Service was great! I'll be back!
Alas...I've given up the idea of writing a review for a place if it isn't at least 4 stars. Sue me; I'm in the industry.   Fuego Bistro is by far one of the best places I've been to recently. I was introduced to it this last weekend on a date. Ironically, it's super close to my house yet I've never heard of it. When we were arriving, I was a little curious to see where the hell he was taking me since there aren't any signs really and it's pretty hidden. Once we were inside, though, it was like finding a little treasure.  The patio is welcoming & even though we didn't have a reservation (aka we couldn't sit outside) we snagged a table close enough to enjoy the beautiful weather.   We started off with a round of mojitos and even though it's been a few years since they've won best mojito...I can say the Prickly Pear was the best I've had in a while. The Ahi Tostadas followed & they were awesome...the sauce added a kick to it & it was a perfect start to the meal.  After, we shared the Fuego Pasta with chorizo, chicken, mushrooms, peppers, & a chipotle cream sauce...huge! What I did eat of it was delicious. My favorite (and my date's I'm fairly certain) was the special...an herb crusted Mahi Mahi with a pineapple sauce, home-made cornbread, & chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes. Amazing. Even though the Mahi Mahi might be hard to come by if you visit, the two sides aren't & are so good, I'm droolin' just thinking about it. :)  Dessert? Try the banana burrito. Heaven on the tongue!  Kevin was an excellent server which just highlights the night. It's hard to have a great meal without great service but he provided just that.  If you're in the area...check it out. If you aren't...check it out. I'm pretty sure you won't be disappointed.
Impressive, usually I look for a reason not to give a place that 5th star because i dont want overate anything but I didn't find that reason not too here.  Exceptional experience, I had the empenada as a starter, very tasty(I love empenada's) the entre was the fuego pasta. This was the stand out  to me. An entire pasta dish w/ chicken, chorizo, green peppers, onions etc , layer on top of the softest most delicious tortilla I have ever tasted. You could tear a piece of the tortilla and fill it with pasta and meat. Also had the banana burrito desert and some mojitos. Everything I ate I would recommend
I can't say enough about this place.  I originally found out about it last year with a Lunchclub email.  I tried it and have been hooked since.  Going there for lunch today actually with my brother and his family.  I will never have a chile relleno anywhere but Fuego!  Mojitos and Sangrias are great!  The food never disappoints!  Glad to see the nomination and review on PBS' Check Please! Arizona.  The firm I work for recently had them cater an event as well.  I was thrilled.  Fuego Taco at The Esplanade has the same great food, but the drinks are smaller and the atmosphere can't touch Bistro's.  I plan to go there forever.
My partner brought me here for what we thought would be a nice, romantic birthday dinner at a cozy neighborhood spot. We hadn't been in a year or so, and were both disappointed - here's the good + bad:  The good: 1. Shared plate #1 - slow-roasted pork, green chile cornbread casserole and maple-glazed carrots were all excellent, especially the pork which was so flavorful. Would have this again in an instant. 2. Classic lime mojito - very good if not just a bit sweet (but see point about drinks below) 3. The happy hour menu - 1/3 of the dinner page - looked great. 3-6pm, may have to give that a try instead of dinner  The bad: 1. Place was empty at 8pm - just one other table inside besides us (plus one guy at bar, one table on patio) 2. No music until halfway through dinner - then The Cure, Violent Femmes and other 80s alternative - which I like, but not in a sit-down restaurant for dinner. And the bartender sang along occasionally - ugh. 3. Mixed drinks in a pint glass - never a fan unless at a dive bar. 4. Out appetizer never came - waiter said he didn't remember us ordering even though he commented that the dish was good when we ordered. With just one other table, a big disappointment. (to his partial credit, he did bring us A SMALL PORTION of the appetizer with our entrees for free) 5. Shared plate #2 - new york strip, cheddar mashed potatoes and organic green beans were all just OK. Not a fan of the sauce the steak was in, and topping of mushrooms, onions and peppers too heavy. Way too much mashed potatoes and green beans, which were both pretty bland. 6. Toward the end of our meal, a young boy came into the restaurant and started playing with a ball right next to our table. I am not joking. wtf?  Overall, I'd like to think we just experienced an off-night here. But, attention to details like mood and music  (plus getting everything you ordered) are also important. Some of the food was very good, so we may give it another try sometime - but, truthfully, I think there are a number of better restaurants in the area.
Went here with a Groupon and had heard great things about this place so were looking forward to it.  Had to make a reservation according to the Groupon, which is not what  I like to do, but went along with "the instructions" .  Got a nice table on the patio and order the made from scratch sangria and looked over the menu which seemed great.  The sangria just didn't do it for me - it tasted a little off, if that is possible with sangria.  I noticed that no-one else had ordered it around us, so I am guessing that was not the right thing to order.    I ordered the chicken and my partner the pork.  We had the same sides of green beans and cornbread.  The cornbread was good - we have both moved here from the south, so it was as good as what we were used too.  The green beans were a little bland for me - I felt they were just like I cook them at home (i.e. nothing special !).  The chicken itself was fine, just not a wow - I just can't tell you exactly why.  I think there may have been too much going on with it, I am not sure, I just wasn't like  "OMG I must have some more of this".  The pork, to me, just tasted like shredded pork, again nothing special, but my partner really liked it.  Overall i was disappointed after hearing such great things about this place and have had better Latin American cuisine elsewhere at better prices as well  - sorry Fuego Bistro.
Wow, a lot of rave reviews here. Somehow I think that company management has slipped us all a mickey . . . perhaps Uncle Mickey,  because he and Aunt Phylis and all the kids are posting here. That's because I can't find any of this stuff they are raving about.  OK, yes it is hidden and hard to find. But does that by itself make it good? In my opinion, this is one of those restaurants that is making a killing off Groupon and other promotions. I think that we're now seeing a certain type of restaurant emerge that actually LIVES OFF OF those "daily deal promotions." While my wife and I were eating, I saw two other transactions in which someone handed the Groupon coupon to the waiter.   That's OK if its normally priced, or a good deal, because than Groupon is introducing you to something special and you're getting an even better deal. But hey . . . $9 drinks? $5 bottles of beer? These prices at a place where you have to sit on rinky-dink plastic outdoor furniture with wobbly tables just like you might see at the "patio" outside some cheazy taco joint or fast food place.  My wife ordered a THIRTEEN DOLLAR appetizer, because it was one of the cheaper things on the menu and it included four scallops that someone had squirted some sauce over. That's it. LIterally gone in four bites. While my dish was larger, and the pork and mashed potatoes tasted good, it just didn't make our expectations after reading Yelp reviews.  I like to support small, hidden out of the way places, and I enjoy the kind of latin fare that this restaurant promotes. But I'd like to see fair treatment of the customer first and foremost. Offering a pint of draft beer at a fair price and a mojito special would be one way to start on that path, Fuego. Reducing your dependency upon the "jack up the price and then offer them a Groupon discount" would be a second suggestion.
Despite the awkward location, the food was really good!  As part of restaurant week we came here for the tasting menu.  Our reservations were for later that evening and we got in maybe 30 min early.  There were several tables available, but the manager or whatever he was...made us wait on this awkward bench next to people who were eating.  It was really uncomfortable....and I was getting annoyed.  Later he realized that since there were a handful of tables open...and instead of torturing us he would finally seat us (the entire time we were looking on yelp for the nearest restaurant as we were starving and tired).  He made some off handed comment about money being wasted since we were sitting there...and then made another weird comment about my birth year when he carded me?!?  Anyway, we ordered off the tasting menu and had the nachos and empanada- AMAZING.  must try.  For dinner my date got the Asada and I went with the pasta- both came with two sides.  I just have to say the mashed potatoes are amazing and you must get them.  My mouth was at a happy on fire state of and couldn't be happier.    I will have to say that the service is just ok.  It seemed like this may have been the first time these people were servers and were a bit shy.  Even when we were awkwardly sitting there two ladies we were sitting next to were complaining it was slow.  Besides that, the food was really good and so was my watermelon mojito.    I also really liked the atmosphere- sitting outside and having a nice quiet dinner.  perfect.
So, it was my weekend to choose dinner, and being that it was restaurant week I perused the menus for one that intrigued me. I arrived on the menu for Fuego Bistro and after reading the reviews on yelp decided this was THE PLACE.   We arrived around 7pm and were somewhat confused where to park, but after we did, we found the restaurant entrance and were seated. The host was very friendly and proactively saw our table was shaky and fixed it for us. They have a nice area for sitting outside and had live music, which was quite enjoyable. It did take our waitress awhile to greet us and take our drink order, but other than that slowness at the beginning, the rest of the service was good. Also, something I really enjoy is when the servers are passionate about the food they are serving and at Fuego, that definitely came across.   Now, the most important part, the food. It was excellent. We tried a bit of everything since it was restaurant week. I really liked the nachos (which were HUGE) and empanada. The pasta was excellent, with a nice kick and the chorizo was a great touch. The corn casserole is to die for! Dessert was OK in my opinion, but the appetizers and main courses for surpassed the dessert.   To sum things up, Fuego is a fun, unique restaurant with great food and passionate service.
Came here this past Saturday during Phoenix Food Week and got their Pre Fixe special for the event.  It was 30$ and had 3 courses including a free drink choice. Not a shabby deal.  I went with a date and we agreed to get different things so we can sample more of their offerings.  For my drink I got the Blood Orange Mojito.  Supposedly this place is known for their Mojitos, but as a huge fan of Mojitos, I can tell you that the Mojito is simply "Ok".  They use Monin syrup for their flavorings so dont expect an actual prickly pear or blood orange in your mojito.  The other drink we got was a Carribean Volcano which was made with SoCo and some other medely...but all I could taste was Pineapple.  Ok so drinks aren't their thing....on to the food.  Course 1:  There was 4-5 things to choose from but the two that caught our eyes were the Salmon Croquette and the Chili Empanada.  From what I hear, the Empanada is also something that Fuego Bistro is known for.  I dont know if maybe I got unlucky but I really did not care for the Empanada.  The shell was crispy and tasty but the beef filling was bland and boring.  The pico de gaio sprinkled on top did not really do anything to the dish either.  In contrast...the Salmon Croquette was amazing...I want to go back and order a whole meal of that! lol.  The salmon was perfectly mixed with the other spices in the Croquette and it was cooked perfectly.  Course 2:  We got the Pernil Asada and the Tilapia.  Both dishes were tasty and I cant say anything bad about them, I also cannot say anything great about them either.  The Tilapia was basically Country Fried with a mild sauce on top and the Pernil Asada was a well executed pulled pork.  Each dish came with 2 sides and I can safely say that the side dishes impressed me more then the main course.  The creamed corn was heavenly, the Mashed Potatoes were delicious and the cornbread was phenomenal....(im out of adjectives, sue me)  The Green Beans were cooked well but needed seasoning...simply adding some salt fixed that problem.  Course 3:  We got the Bread Pudding and the Chocolate Torte.  Both were served with a scoop of ice cream that had chocolate slivers in it.  I gotta say, the bread pudding was awesome...I wish there was more of it, though im sure my waistline is glad there wasent.  I am not a fan of heavy chocolate dishes so the Torte was not for me, but if you ask my date how it was she would probably describe the event as orgasmic...at least thats what it sounded like.
The best restaurant in Phoenix in my opinion. The braised short rib is AMAZING and the corn bread is to die for.  Great Mojitos and Margartias!  You will not be disappointed!  Make a reservation; the place is tiny!
I came to Fuego Bistro for the first time during restaurant week, and definitely plan on returning! We sat outside on their cute patio, had excellent service, and even better food. I can't wait to go back and order off their normal menu. I guess my only complaint is that its a little hard to find, look for Apollo (I think that's it?) and you're close!
Long ago, I went to a great little cafe in uptown Phoenix. We had dinner in a courtyard with a fountain, live music, and a ballet school next to it. I couldn't remember what the place was called or where it was at to save my life. So I never returned...  Years later, I started my search to go back to that great little cafe, only to find out it changed to Fuego Bistro. I was sad at first, until I saw the menu online. Soooooo up my alley. I love delicious spicy mixes of Latin and American cuisines. Restaurant week came and Fuego was on the list and they were including a cocktail with our 3 course dinner. Hells yeah!! Definitely my kind of place!  Here's the meal rundown:  1st course: I got the empanada. So sad it wasn't empanadas. I could eat these for every meal for the rest of my life and never once complain of monotony. My buddy got the tostadas. Lucky him, he got two. I stole some of his beef that was on top and it was melt in my mouth delicious. So far, 2 for 2.  2nd course: I got the chili relleno with jalapeno creamed corn and chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes. O-M-G!!!! I don't even know where to start. The corn definitely had a kick and was made sweet white corn which added a nice balance to the spice. I have since bought sweet white corn and jalapenos to try to recreate these. It won't be as good; but that just means I'll be heading back. If I could make mashed potatoes this good, I'd move to Idaho. The chili relleno was bomb-diggity. Chicken, black beans, cheese, love.  My friend had the signature pernil asado and the same sides as me. I hardly got the chance to try his he ate it so fast. Signature for a reason. YUMMMMMMY!  Score: 4 for 4.  3rd course: I got the horchata chocolate chip bread pudding. I was so full I could not fully appreciate this giant plate of wonderfulness. My friend got the creme brulee and it was just as fantastic, but I'm going to say this round goes to the bread pudding.  6 for 6.  As for the included cocktail, I had the white sangria. I love sangria. It was a perfect blend of sweet and crisp and didn't have too much fruit or wine flavor to it. It was strong and I could only make it through one.  The server was super friendly, the atmosphere fantastic, the food to die for, and the drinks strong and delicious. I'm surprised this place isn't constantly packed with an hour wait. Definitely a new favorite. I'm so happy it's not that old cafe I was searching for.
Amazing! I got the Shredded Pork which I believe is their house specialty. I had the casserole and mashed potatoes as my sides. The food was really creative and not your run of the mill Mexican. I def plan on going back soon.
This may be my new favorite spot in Phoenix! I have been here about three times over the last two weeks and every time was all around peeerfect! I had heard of this place a million times and had never made it in, so finally my sister was in town to visit from San Fran (total foody might I add) and I paid Fuego Bistro a visit! We were impressed! First of all their specialty-the empanade, was excellent, which you would expect considering it is the specialty...but seriously it was great right down to the house made salsa on top! We happened to be there at a slow time between lunch and dinner and our waiter was also our bartender and he made one of the best mohitos I have ever had state side! I wasn't going to drink (driving) but, after seeing my sister's, I had to try one! The pork nachos are fabulous: the chips are made fresh, the pork was perfectly cooked and the salsa again was very tasty! We both had salads and the veggies were fresh and I always love house made dressings!   Last time I went to Fuego on a date and we sat outside on the patio; it was very romantic and I ended up with the same server I had before...he is wonderful and he remembered me! My date ordered the ribs and they looked amazing and my tuna steak was tasty with the mango salsa and balsamic reduction! I HIGHLY recommend this place and the happy hour prices are wonderful considering the quality and quantity of the food!   One more thing, this place is a little hard to find tucked back off of Palo Verde Rd. and buried within the middle of a courtyard...but it is well worth the effort to find it!
My parents' favorite place to eat in Phoenix.  Here is what they would say:  The Mojitos were outstanding and both of our dishes were amazing.  Can't wait to go back again on a date night.
I'm amazed that I haven't been here sooner--except for the fact its super hidden and would not know it was there unless you went looking for it. Well, go look for it! It was worth the search. I went with my family and first off: the portions are huge! We had the empanadas to start. Very good- crispy, not too spicy, wonderful flavors. We shared the braised short ribs and pulled pork with creamed corn, mashed potatoes, cornbread casserole and baby carrots. Absolutely divine! The flavors all melded together perfectly and was filling but not greasy.   If you haven't been yet, go check this place out. Its a real treasure worth the hunt.
Wow. Excellent food, great service. You must give this place a try. the food is unique, sort of Spanish-fusion fare. A bit hard to find, but totally worth trying. Service staff are friendly and helpful, food is fresh and tasty, the environment/atmosphere is great with twinkling lights in the courtyard. Pulled pork asado and creamed corn with jalepenos were some of our favs.
I came here with a Groupon we had. It had great reviews from what we saw, so we decided to try it.  It was a little tricky to find and to figure out where to park but nothing that was overly hard.   It was much smaller then I expected. Definate hole in the wall I would have never had noticed it not for Groupon.  It's in an aging building that gives it a nice bistro look.  There are tables to sit outside in the courtyard. The inside had only a handful of tables and I felt very cramped.   So since we are on the subject of apperance..... For the price of the food they really need to clean up this place.  When your going to pay $25 for a meal I expect the place to be clean and up to date.  The menu's are old and the lamination is coming apart and yellowing.  The ground was dirty not just from foot traffic but from not proper cleaning in years. The corners and where the wall meets the floor was disgusting! Major gunk! They really need to do a good scrubbing or at the minium mop everyday.  The place is small so there shouldn't be that much of a burden to clean it.  Cobwebs in the upper corner of the dining area was not a pretty site and the windows are dirty.  I am not one to look for these types of things so when the jump out at me I am shocked.   The food was good but not what I would pay that high price for again. I ordered the Rare Blackend Ahi Tuna.  The flavor was good and I did enjoy all the food we ordered.   Waiters and owner are very nice and welcoming.  There are no high chairs so this is not a kid friendly place which is fine I don't think all places need to be and yes I am a mother. We brought along our baby which sat in our lap and we were fine.    If this place had been clean I would give it 4 stars but I just can't get over all the grime on the floor and the yellowing menu's.
Yeah even though its not super easy to find it the food is great.  Everything seems to have a Southwest flare.  The Mashed potatoes are great and the creamed corn is amazing.  The Short rib's are a must try.  If you are in this area and looking for a great dinner or lunch you should really check it out.  It is very small so a reservation wouldn't be a bad idea.
Think Tuck Shop, the Vig, or St. Francis, but with a markedly obvious Latin fusion direction.  Fine drinks, very friendly staff, and I find the restaurant's setting and location to lend itself well to the slightly rustic (and slightly dirty) overall feel of the Bistro.  But, whatever Fuego may be missing in terms of polish, it more than makes up for it with a menu of very tasty and moderately creative offerings.  I would order meats with confidence here, especially their pork, as they seem to really know what they are doing with their slow cooking.
A little out of the way but worth the venture if you are interested in bistro style street tacos. The tacos were very good- with the exception of the cabbage that they put on what I believe to be all of them. The service was great anhd the prices were okay. A good place for lunch dates!
First time there and everything was delicious! My 3 year old couldn't stop eating their epamanadas, while his father loved his steak and sangria. The staff was super friendly and made sure that we enjoyed our time there. Def will return!
Oh, lordy, this place was delicious. Just a cornucopia of scrumptious flavors. I had the braised short rib, green beans and chipotle mashed potatoes, and everything was insanely tasty.  The layout is odd (we were in some sort of disconnected annex that was loud enough with three couples sitting in it...can't imagine what it's like when full), and it's pricey.  The mojitos are amazing, but the Yelp special is really misleading. It says:  "Mention YELP and receive one free mojito with each entree purchased at the Bistro, CANNOT be combined with any offer.. Who wants mint?"  Except apparently you have to eat there three times to activate the whole free mojito thing. That doesn't sound right, does it?  Also, we had a great server, but there was another lady there that was EXTREMELY boisterous. Like, slightly obnoxiously so. I'd rather have her than a bad server any time, but she'd be a bit much after a while.
Yummy mojitos!  They were packed yet they made room for us...super tasty dinner, cute place, we will go back again and again!
had the Cola and Pineapple Soy Braised Angus Short Rib Roast and my daughter had the Angus GriIIed New York Strip Steak.  The short rib roast was melt-in-your-mouth absolutely delish!  The NY strip was so so.  The meal comes with two sides.   We had the sides of  Green Chili Cornbread Casserole, Maple Chiliglazed Carrots, Sauteed Organic Green Beans, Chipotle Cheddar Mashed Potatoes.  The carrots and beans were so so but the potatoes and cornbread, YUM!  Next time we're ordering just the potatoes and cornbread.  The server was attentive and pleasant.
If you are looking for a cheap meal, this isn't your place. You won't pay less than $20.00 a person for dinner, unless you are having an appetizer. Drink not included. With that being said, the food is delish! Yum! DId I say yum? I had the short ribs, the cheddar chipotle mashed potatoes, and the green chili cornbread casserole. All very good, with a generous portion size. My friends each had their special, which was very good, even though I can't remember what it was! The mojitos...ok, but not worth the $9.00 price in my opinion. I had the pineapple one, and I really didn't taste any pineapple. My friend had the black cherry, and again, it was ok. The staff was very friendly, and the service was good. I will return, but maybe for lunch or happy hour, when not quite as expensive. And one more thing. If you have a bratty kid, who ignores you when you ask him repeatedly what he wants for dinner, leave him at home! Ugh!
My wife and I had the chicken tortilla soup ($8) to start. The flavor was excellent. Would definitely eat it again. For the main dish we had the Fuego Pasta ($20). It was delicious and was bursting with heat. It came to the table hot off the stove and the flavors were spicy in a good way. We would order it again. For desert we had the grilled banana with the whip cream/coconut/walnuts/chocolate&carmel&strawberry sauce with ice cream ($8)...ya it hit the spot perfect. Delicious!  Only downside is the prices are on the high side; but if you have the dollars to spend the food tastes great. Even the water was good...cause it was filtered, which was a nice change from other restaurants that serve Arizona's awful tap-water.   Thumbs up! Service was good too. Ate by candle light.
Fuego Bistro is AMAZING!  I normally do not write reviews but I cannot get the food out of my mind.  My husband and I tried this after purchasing the Groupon on a weeknight around 5pm.  BTW this is a tiny little place, so a reservation is a must. Hands down one of our favorite places! Shortribs  cornbread casserole and Sangira!!
No matter what choice you make at this place, it's going to be fantastic.  Friday and Saturday nights you'll definitely want to make reservations ahead of time but the live music while enjoying your meal is ambiance icing on an already delicious meal.  I had the Pernil Asado plate which even without the sides was amazing.  The most succulent pork tacos on corn tortillas you'll ever taste makes you not want to put one down until finished, that is until you try the side choices.  I ordered the cornbread cassarole and the chipotle mashed potatoes, both are very generous portions and my brain couldn't make it's mind as to what my next bit was going to be because everything tasted so good.  I decided on a round-robin approach to get the most out of it all since my taste buds then couldn't become immune to one flavor.  The cornbread cassarole was a slightly bit spicy due to the chiles used but the sweet cornbread tamed it to a very light and slow burn.  Chipotle mashed potatoes, the name itself is pretty descriptive and if both of those things call to you, you will never be disappointed.  With the meal was also ordered a dragonberry Mojito which was probably the best Mojito I've had in a long time, it went really well with the entire meal...especially the sweet sugared rim as a contrast to the spicy/hearty flavors of the meal.  Excellent place, excellent food.  Only issue I could comment on is the lack of parking.  Don't park in the empty lot of Apollo's, they get real angry.  If you're not lucky enough to get a spot in the complex's small lot, you'll end up parking on the local side street, which does give the opportunity for a little post-dinner walk to help digest.
After my third visit to Fuego, I am finally writing a review! I was early for my hair appt (Veez, next door) and my stylist was still with her previous client, so I went next door for a happy hour drink.  After perusing the hh menu, I decided on a margarita and the pork nachos. I wasn't hungry, but i am a sucker for pork and nachos... Put em together and seems like a winning combination, right?  Well, it is!! Wow, that pork is so incredibly tasty. It was all I could do not to moan at the bar while I ate them. The chips are good and thick (girth is important ;) ) There was perfect amount of melted cheese, black bean salsa and a nice pile of guacamole on top. I put a serious hurting on them nachos. And my margarita you ask? Fantastic! With salt, on the rocks... Classic. Delish. Perfect accompaniment to the nachos.   I honestly can't remember what I ate on the two previous visits, as they were sometime last year, but I've not been disappointed in the food. On one visit last year, the service was a little slacking, but not enough to keep me from wanting to go back. I think I'll always plan to be early for hair appts now...
As a group of five of us arrived shortly before our 7:00 reservations, we were nicely greeted by the host and we immediately seated.  Unfortunately the table we were placed at was less than satisfactory.  It was two different size tables pushed together.  One was much larger than the other but could still only sit two of us.  The other table was one that had been brought in from the outside patio made of gated iron.  Nonetheless we requested to be moved to a more comfortable table.  As we were asked to hold for a few minutes we asked if we could start with drinks.  We were quite surprised that the answer was no.  Twenty minutes after our reservation time, we were finally moved to another table.  This too was two different sized tables pushed together.  At least this time they were both from the dining room though.  We ordered a bottle of wine as well as some cocktails.  As we are awaiting our drinks, we begin to notice how unbearably warm the dining room was.  I would have to say it was close to 90 degrees at our table.  The drinks couldn't come fast enough as we all began downing the ice waters.  We made reference to the warmth in the room to the manager and his comment was this was normal as it's an old building with an old AC.  We three appetizers to share:  the signature empanadas, the organic spinach salad, and the jumbo sautéed prawns (more like large).  All were excellent!  On to a second bottle of wine and cocktails we ordered our entrées.  Two of us ordered the short ribs, one ordered the evening special (blackened fish), another ordered the pork roast, and I ordered the grilled NY Strip.  All of us ordered an array of side dishes as well.  The short ribs came out great, but as they cooled, the flavor went bland and they were ultimately dry.  We all agreed to stick to Cowboy Ciao's short ribs. The Cajun Blackened fish too came our over cooked to the point it was hardly eaten.  The pulled pork was extra tender, but lacked in flavor as well.  My strip was cooked perfectly, but I could have the same steak at Applebee's.  Unfortunately the main dishes were far from what we had expected after reading the reviews of the restaurant.  All the portions were large, but it didn't help as the food was mediocre.  On a good note, the sides were all awesome!  Fuego brought the much needed spice to the valley with their sides.  Then we all shared a piece of their key lime pie with coffee.  We believe the coffee was a generic Folgers at best.  However, the pie, especially the crust, was some of the best key lime pie we had eaten since being in the keys several years ago.  All in all, we had great company with a poor choice of a restaurant as none of us will be heading back to Fuego Bistro.  My recommendations are if you do choose to try this place, go during the winter and only order the appetizers and desserts.
Oh how I love Fuego Bistro this place is top notch.  They even opened up another room for more indoor seating.    I ordered the Pernil Asado which is my favorite and their signature dish.  It is slow roasted suceulent pork served with an orange habanero mojo and local corn tortillas.  The pork seriously melts in your mouth and with the sauce I can't get enough of it.    For the two sides that go with it I love the Jalapeno Creamed Corn which is actually perfectly spicy and yummy.  I also got the Chipotle Cheddar Mashed Potatoes which are very good as well.    The Mojito's are a must have I usually can't go without at least two and they have many flavors to choose from I really like the Blood Orange flavor.    The best part is they usually have groupon's which make it very cost effective.
I enjoyed this place. It was a nice change of pace. I'm really not into spicy food, but the food wasn't really spicy, although it had a nice kick to it. The place was a little small for my taste, but the food made up for it. The staff is very friendly and the prices were reasonable, compared to the huge servings of food.   I went with a group. I had a blood orange mojito, and we shared some of their chicken, cornbread, creamed corn, steak, prawns, and the chipotle mashed potatoes.
Tried this place after getting a groupon.  I was very pleasantly surprised.  The location is not the best, but what was lacking in appearance, certainly made up for it with the food that was served.  The decor inside of the restaurant is very well put together.  Somewhat, a kind of modern mexican feel.    I ordered the Cola and Pineapple Soy Braised Angus Short Rib Roast.  A great choice that I will definitely order again.  The meat was so tender and melted in your mouth.  The spices were spot on.  I paired it with the green chili cornbread casserole and chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes.  Both of which were amazing.  My fiance had the pernil asado.  This was also very good, but was not my favorite of the two.  Although, I don't really eat pork.  Overall, I would definitely recommend.  If you plan on going, get reservations, or you might end up having to sit at the bar.  Its a small place.  Sometimes so busy that they never answer their phone (something they can probably improve on).
This is our favorite restaurant in Phoenix.  The empanadas are dee-lish! (As is everything else).  We ended up trying this place after seeing a groupon and great reviews.  We've gone back a second time and we'll be heading there for a third time shortly.  All three times will be with Groupon-type deals.  Without the Groupon deal it would be a little expensive for what we're used to paying for dinner, but definitely wonderful food.  Top restaurant in the Valley that we've tried (so far).
The short: Mouthwatering Cuban-influenced cuisine, awesome service, cute and warmly decorated space with a cool mix of art all over the walls. This is a restaurant I'll be going back to.   The long:  Fuego Bistro is off the east side of 7th St., just south of Bethany Home. Keep an eye out for the sign that says Apollo and turn in just north of that building. Fuego Bistro is next door to Apollo, and the small main parking lot is on the east side of the restaurant, but there's parking, sometimes makeshift, up and down Palo Verde Dr. If you're brave, or dumb, you can try to use the spot with the power pole growing out of it.   I liked the look of the place--not too loud (visually or otherwise), and cozy without looking homely. I love the art there. The diners represented an even spread, which is always nice to see. The restaurant smelled like pork, but not in a scary way--it smelled like their famous pernil asado. The host was friendly, and the rest of the service staff was wonderful--fast, efficient, and totally unobtrusive, sliding silverware and refills in as needed before slipping quietly away, doing quality control checks after we'd taken a couple of bites of each course. That was especially impressive, considering out table was just big enough for the two of us.   We split the appetizers. First we had the green chile cheeseburger empanadas with Yucatan BBQ Sauce, and fresh pico de gallo. While a lot of food can get by solely on the merit of being fried as long as they're fried well, as these were, the filling and accompaniments were so yummy. All the flavors melded together beautifully, and the pico de gallo added the fresh zest and bright flavor I wanted to start off the meal. We also had the Ancho-dusted Pacific wild salmon croquette with fresh capers and lemon buerre blanc. This was also well done and tasty, though it took a backseat to the empanada for me.   My entree was the signature pernil asado, which the restaurant describes as "slow roasted succulent pork shoulder with a mango habanero mojo sauce." And it absolutely was as mouthwatering as its description implies. This was as good as any pernil asado I've ever had, and while I can't attest to Fuego Bistro's recipe, I can definitely say it tasted like a hunk of luscious meat that's been marinated overnight and roasted low and slow for 5 or 6 hours before landing on my plate. *sigh* It came with a continuous supply of little flour tortillas, tasty chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes, and perfectly cooked and delicious sauteed organic green beans.   My boyfriend has the Fuego chile relleno, which was stuffed with "Natural Chicken, Black Bean, arroz, Oaxacan cheese, Penko Breaded in a Guajillo Chile Sauce." This dish was also really good and well cooked, but I was more impressed with his side dishes--a highly addictive green chili cornbread casserole and maple chiliglazed carrots, which were the best cooked carrots I've ever had. Between my green beans and his carrots, I was totally happy. If you make veggies as if they were a boring obligation or afterthought, you lose major points. I eat my veggies first before any other part of the entree, and if I don't want to go into my main dish feeling sad. Fuego Bistro does veggies right.   For dessert, we had the Ancho dusted chocolate torte and the horchata chocolate chip bread pudding. Dessert's often the highlight of a dinner out for me, and while both were good in this case with the chocolate torte being my choice, it doesn't bother me at all that the first and second courses were the stars of the meal. Bonus points for the bartender who was so willing and gracious as to translate their extensive mojito menu into virgin drinks for us, since we weren't drinking that night. We would not turn down another round of watermelon and mango mojitos, and I'm looking forward to trying more of their menu.
Who would expect that tucked away behind Apollo's and a dance school and a barber shop would be this incredible gem?? Fuego Bistro just may be my new favorite place to eat!   The atmosphere is amazing - the outdoor patio is pretty and romantic. I was thankful to be seated inside though - it's still a bit hot outside for dining alfresco! The inside is quaint and cute and cozy.   Service was excellent - everyone was friendly and helpful   And then the food...my lord....the food! Started with the empanada appetizer - so delicious. The sauce was sweet and it went perfectly with the pastry and the hearty filling. I had the Panko crusted chicken breast and it was really good - but the sides....that's the thing to go for...the cornbread pudding business is to die for - sweet, savory, creamy, crumbly - insane!!! The cheddar mashed potatoes were pretty amazing as well.   This little bistro is worth your time and your money - I plan on becoming a regular.
Would have never found this place on my own -- off the beat and path, had a Groupon that took me there.  Nice place, good service, great & unique food.  Will definately go back.
I found the service here attentive and timely, but have to share some sentiments with other unimpressed Yelpers about the mediocrity of the dining experience. I was introduced to Fuego Bistro by my roommate who had purchased a Groupon without knowing anything about the restaurant.  It has a charming vibe, it's off the beaten path in a quirky courtyard bordered by a salon and dance studio. But the food was unremarkable... not by any means inedible, but rather forgettable. I felt the restaurant concept was a little confused given the choice of sides which don't necessarily pair well with every entree. I had the seared ahi tuna which was topped with a balsamic reduction and a mango/red pepper/avocado salsa. It was cooked properly but underseasoned except for the balsamic reduction which was nothing but sweet. Perhaps the blandness of this dish could be remedied with chili and lime and salt, but regardless, it did not deliver on taste. I chose to have the chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes and sauteed green beans as side dishes. The green beans were the best of the two, simple and tender, but the potatoes were lacking in flavor. Chipotle was only hinted at and the cheese was entirely understated. I know there has to be a way to elevate this food, but Fuego has fallen short.   My roommate was in agreement that the meal was not a hit. Even the Key Lime Pie for dessert did not make the grade. I see potential in this restaurant, since the staff is friendly and helpful. But ultimately, it's about the food and I can't recommend it. The only saving grace was that we did not pay full price.
The drive to Fuego Bistro is quite interesting.  My navigation told me to turn right, and it looked like I was turning into a ghetto drive-way.  Slowly after a couple minutes, I saw a ballet place and a quaint courtyard leading to the restaurant.  When we walked towards the courtyard, it looked much better.  They have outside seating and some inside seating.  We chose the outside because they had some live music going on.  All the items looked very interesting.  I went for the Restaurant Week choice of Chicken Tortilla Soup, Vegetarian Enchiladas, and Banana Burrito sundae.  The vegetables in the enchilada tasted a lot better than I expected.  My friends shared beef empanadas and chicken chipotle pasta.  The flavors were very vibrant and rich.  Everything tasted exceptional.  This place is family owned and the two chefs are from Guadalajara, Mexico.  This Hole in the Wall is a place I will have to visit again for Happy Hour.
Fuego bistro is amazing!  I love the food, I was so impressed by the flavor of the dishes.  This is one of my favorite restaurants.  There is a nice patio you can sit on and I love the decor!  Fuego BIstro is mouth watering.
Tasty empanadas! Substituted the lack beans for a cup of chicken tortilla soup which was excellent! Very friendly and helpful servers. They had a Yelp Checkin coupon that we forgot about, but the server saw that seen it when we did it, and even reminded us about it when the bill came. Highly recommended.
What a nice little "gem" ~ Fuego Bistro, to find that serves great food, has a nice ambiance and is conveniently located from just about anywhere (that is if you can find it : ^)   Our journey to Fuego's started by making a U turn in the middle of 7th because we missed Palo Verde Drive.  Some advise here ~ if you're not familiar with this area, using your iPhone or android map is a must! Although I must say, my co-pilot was using their android phone, that's why I had to make the U turn....  My iPhone would have done a better job in getting us there.    Back to our journey ~ we finally found Fuego Bistro, ugh...  or at least a sign that stated Fuego Bistro...  but the sign was in front of of hair salon and a dance studio.  Thankfully I read the Yelp reviews before going and knew this place was located somewhere behind these places.  Park the car, this is it!  After walking past stated businesses we found Fuego's Bistro! Tadda!  This is somewhat of an unpretentious restaurant with dinning both inside and on a patio.  We chose inside due to the weather.  It was not crowded so we were seated right away.  The service was very accommodating and pleasant.  We got our drinks right away and our apps were not far behind.  Drinks were very good and our empanada's as our apps were OK.  I would have preferred the salsa on the side so I could control how much to use.    We ordered the Fuego Enchiladas ~  chicken breast stuffed in flour tortillas, black beans, jack cheese, in there homemade red chili dijon cream sauce with a side of their black beans and rice.  It was very good, great temp with a nice balance of spice and seasonings.  The rice was the side "super star"!  I chose their House Speciality ~ Chili Relleno which was stuffed with chicken breast, black beans, jack cheese, cilantro, panko bread crumbs, covered with guajillo chile sauce and it was also served with black beans and rice.  The stuffing in my chili relleno was delish!  The breading on the out side was a bit too thick for me and tasted a little stale.  But the stuffing and rice were fantastic!    This is a great little "gem" of a restaurant and I am looking forward to going back to Fuego Bistro again very soon.   Next time I will most definitely use my iPhone map, I might make a hair appointment first, then eat at Fuego's and then book a dance class afterwards to burn off what I just ate : ^)
Thank you Fuego for continuing to serve outstanding food! I came for dinner on Saturday and had the short rib and I ate myself in to a coma.   The food is fantastic, the service is stellar and the patio is bustling and cozy now that the weather is cooling down.   I continue to recommend this place to friends and family and I am always glad I did.
Wonderful food. Can't remember what we ordered, but it was all delicious. The outdoor seating is nice, good ambience.  The problem? Our waiter was super rude. We got horrible service and then when we left the restaurant, our server had the nerve to follow us into the parking lot to our car and asked why we tipped so little! Are you serious!?!? While he should have been serving other customers, he stood in the parking lot arguing with us about how he should have been tipped more. Wow! We tip based on the service we receive and would have tipped nothing if we were really being fair.
Blood orange mojito is purrrfect. I hate sickly sweet drinks but this was perfect. As were the empanadas, spinach salad, and horchata bread pudding.  SO WISH they were in Seattle!...   Don't be discouraged by the random location (It's a bit scary); the actual venue has the cutest, sunniest courtyard and intimate indoor seating area too.
I've been to Fuego Tacos many many times and always love it! Finally remembered to make a reservation for Fuego Bistro and we went. Service was good. I had the fish, which I'd not order again. I can't remember exactly what I didn't like about it, but it was a little boring.  Ben got the beef roast, I think. The sides were all great. His beef was just a big ol' portion of the same thing that comes in taco form over at Fuego Tacos. So, I think fuego tacos is a better value overall. But it was a big portion and he had plenty for leftovers.
Maybe it was an off night or maybe it's because they have had sooo many Groupons available but our meal was mediocre.  I had the tilapia and it was way too crusty.  It took some serious work to cut that into bite size pieces.  It was our second visit and I would think twice before returning.  There are way too many really good places to eat to have to make excuses for a so so meal.
My new favorite neighborhood restaurant!  Pernil Asado is absolutely to die for as are the mashed potatoes.  The short ribs are a super close second.  I would suggest going with a friend and splitting the two plates, although you'll still have plenty of leftovers.  The atmosphere sitting outside is fabulous.
We love this place.  Cozy and quiet patio and the food is excellent.  Try the Pan Seared Blackened Ahi Tuna.  The portion was generous and it was done to perfection.  We've been a few times and found all the sides good but our favorites are the cornbread and the cheddar mashed potatoes.
I liked this place! The atmosphere was very inviting and even though we were right next to the live band, we were still easily able to hear each other. The cheddar mashed potatoes were to die for and the portions were good. I know everyone raves about the bread pudding, but I thought it was a bit dry. I liked my husband's fried banana way better. Great place to bring out of towners. We will come here again.
Food is delicious. Friendly staff. Very quaint. I recommend it.
How anyone gives this place less than 4 stars is beyond me!   I am just assuming they are simply angry elves and will never be pleased, perhaps they were never loved as kids or just need a hug...but pay no attention to them.  This place is amazing!  It's quirky, charming, hidden, sort of a tex-mex latin fusion, but at any rate- it's just plain good!   Definitely try some of the different mojito flavors, I think pomegranate was our favorite.  It's easy to rack up a bill at this place with the entrees, but I've heard they have great happy hour deals so check that out.  About the restaurant itself- it really doesn't look like one from the street.  It is a bit hidden.  The restaurant inside is smaller, but very cute.  Personally I prefer the patio/courtyard, although I haven't been there recently I am assuming they have space heaters set out.  Each time we have eaten here we have the same waitress, who is just as quirky and charming as the restaurant itself, loved her, she just seemed like the happiest person on earth lol!  The owner also stopped by on one occasion, incredibly nice and personable.   In short, go there and try it.  It might not be your style if you don't care for the tex-mex latin cuisine or if you are an angry elf person who cannot be pleased :)  LOL- look at the one person that gave this place a 1 star rating, angry elf!
I'm new to the Phoenix area and was looking for a good place to take a group of 6 for dinner.  Fuego Bistro was recommended to me, so we decided to give it a try.  Among our group, we ordered 4 different dishes and all were excellent.  The short rib really stood out!  The service was also very good.  The menu prices are fair, if not a bit on the high side, but they offer all kinds of discounts/specials/etc., which, when factored in, make this place a great value on top of the already great food.  I will definitely be back and will recommend Fuego Bistro to others.
The food was fantastic, as was the service.  The location is a little hard to find, but well worth the effort.  I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant.  I will be back!
Great food and atmosphere; came a bit earlier than reservation but owner (who was on-site, mingling & managing) was VERY accommodating, set up a nice cozy table for us asap. Tasty food
Oh yeah, i'm a fan. The bistro is definitely off the beaten path, we almost couldn't find it. I'm so glad we did. The chili relleno was very much to my liking. The sauce that covered my entree was spicy and so yummy. It really was a beautiful dish. The black beans and rice were full of flavor too. I was so stuffed from the entree, that I got a slice of key lime to go. I tasted my sister's and was blown away. The food was so good, i'm not even going to remove a star for the flavorless lime mojito. This place is a hidden gem.
I have been going to Fuego Bistro for a few years now. The intimate atmosphere is quite romantic & I highly recommend sitting outside under the moon & stars.  When calling for a reservation ask to dine on the patio or in the room with the bar, the "other" room isn't as lively.   Beware the food portions are huge....save room for the deserts as they are simply devine & made in house.  The new times have given the restaurant kudos for their mojiotos & i have to agree with the new times staff, they are good  i like the regular ones the flavored ones are also good, just not my favorite. It is a small operation, the kitchen is effecient & depending on the day you could wait for service & food.  It is well worth the wait.  Bring a companion that you actually enjoy their company, or sit at the bar & be a companion of the restaurant.
Recently went to Fuego Bistro after hearing about it and reading the great reviews.  I wasn't disappointed.  As mentioned, the place is small and a bit hard to find, but not impossible.  All of the tables were taken when we showed up for dinner, so we ate at the bar which was actually our preference.  Steve the bartender served us - nice guy, knowledgeable and passionate about the food there.  We split the special that night, which was a stuffed pork tenderloin - absolutely delicious.  Also split the scallop appetizer - also delicious.  Great (red) sangria also.  All in all a really good find and we'll be back to try a couple of other items highly recommended on the menu.  Steve mentioned they have a jazz group outside on Fridays which sounds like fun.  Definitely recommend.
This is the wedding of a smart owner and some great cooks in the kitchen.  First off, they have a small--probably 8 tables at most and that's counting several 2 person tiny tables--cafe offstreet in an alley.  We had a little problem finding it with the gps but we did.  He does have tons of parking, tho, across the street so that's no problem for those of you who worry. When we went last night in mid-January he had plenty of tables outside with many people sitting out there and even his hostess podium there, too.  Very smart move. Nobody seemed to mind it was winter and sitting outside, so I can only guess it was suitably warm out there.  We, however, were sat inside right next to the kitchen.  But, then again, if you are inside the cafe you will always be somewhat close to the kitchen. Now, the service:  Either this owner has told his servers to realllly take care of the patrons or we got the world's greatest server.  This gal (I'm guess 40's, long blonde hair) first gave us when we said we'd order sangria 2 tastes of both white and red for us to decide which one.  We went with the white that night.  It was good, but, having lived in Spain, it wasn't really authentic sangria.  Where was the fruit that always goes in sangria a la Spain?  Oh well...still good tasting. The lady server also gave us 2 free empanadas for me and my gal pal to taste.  OMG!  I have never ever liked empanadas because the crust is always crap and the filling is always dry or dull.  But these empanadas...like nothing I have ever tried before:  judgment is fantastically delicious! We both ordered the pork dinner which is pork shoulder (pulled pork to you) sans any sauce which comes on the side.  It's a whitish sauce--I think they called it mole or moro or something--that was light and delicious to me.  I poured it all over my huge portion of pork. I also ordered the special potatoes (wonderful!) and the creamed corn (a tad jalapeno hot for me but not bad at all).  My friend ordered the jalapeno bread, and I will get that next time as she gave me a taste....and, again, delicious. I consider myself somewhat of a foodie, and I say this place is soooo worth going to again and again.  Great food!  And even my gal pal who has some kind of intestinal bowel problem said she wanted to go back she loved it so much. This is my go-to place to eat in Phoenix now when I want some Spanish-style foods.  Fresh, delicious and you REALLY get taken care of here.  I love this place, and I can tell by this young owner's attitude that he really wants you to love his food and his service...and to enjoy yourself.  We did, we do and we will definitely be back here!!!! My prediction from the smart way the owner has set his place up that he will go very, very far in the restaurant business.  Clever set-up, great food, great service = a whopping success!!!!  (Oh, forgot:  The lady server--since we went between getting the short rib or the pork--also brought us a couple bites of the short rib to taste.  Is that fantastic service or what????)  UPDATE:  Been there a couple times now and ordered the same thing as before--only they didn't give up any free empanadas that night.  Dang...we were so stuffed anyway we could hardly get up from the table.  Food still delicious, tho! I love this restaurant, and plan to bring my ex-Chef son here to eat soon.
What a lovely restaurant. It is literally tucked away on a residential street so pay close attention or you will miss it, better yet just use your GPS.  So, we went yesterday for a pre-birthday lunch for me and my sister. I started with the spinach salad with citrus vinegarette dressing, BACON, goat cheese and candied walnuts. It's an entree side so I split it with my man. My main course was the stuffed empanadas. It came with a large portion of beans & rice. Um, um, good!! At most restaurants it seems like the beans & rice are an afterthought, but not here. Everything was perfectly seasoned.   Surprisingly, I managed to save room for dessert. Key lime pie with topped with toasted coconut. I'm a key lime pie connoisseur and this is as good as it gets.  Our waiter told us about how happening Fuego gets on weekend nights with a live band, can't wait to return on the weekend.
Love love love!!!  Great service, great food, great drinks, great wine.  We sat outside on the patio on a Saturday night, listened to live music and shared some wine and food.  Very romantic setting, and peaceful.  The appetizers are not truly appetizers...they are MEALS!!  Had the ahi tuna tostadas...couldn't eat anything after that.  The portions are large, so split if you can.  The food is very very very very good.  We ended up taking some friends there a few days later.  They loved it too.  Love the atmosphere.  This is a perfect place for a nice romantic dinner on the patio.  Absolutely make reservations first.
What's not to like?? This place is absolutely awesome and is quickly becoming one of Phoenix's not-so-best kept secrets. I tell everybody about this place. It may be a bit difficult to find for the first time - it's is in a very non-descript area of town, off the beaten path with no street visibility (except when they put their A-frame sign out.) The food is consistently delicious.Both the Asado and White Prawns were cooked to perfection. The sides of chiliglazed carrots, green chile cornbread casserole, chipotle mashed potatoes and creamed corn are also incredibly tasty - and just the right portion size. As much as we love this place, we hadn't been in quite a while so were pleasantly surprised that they have expanded. We sat outside because the weather was terrific, but it is great to know that there are now more tables available for when our weather es caliente!
My husband and I heard about this cute little place in Phoenix. Cute, yes. . .nice patio, yes. . .and the rave stops there.  The food was very delicious and some of the dishes unique. We enjoyed some of the small plates - have to say the enpanadas were awesome! But the so-called amazing drinks we kept hearing about, definitely didn't find those. My husband's mojito looked and tasted like it had been sitting on the bar counter waiting for someone to order it. My sangria tasted a little better than something you would buy at the store in a pre-made mix.  Not saying we won't go back, like I said the food was great, but we definitely won't be spending $13 on a drink, probably stick to wine and beer.
The food was the best in recent memory. Two of us had the wonderful stuffed chicken special. The seafood dish and asada were also amazing.Everyone in our party of 4 loved their meal and decided that this was their new favorite restaurant!! Unique and very tasty!!The ambiance, TOP-NOTCH service and mojitos were all divine as well.
For a romantic dinner, the patio of this small cafe is beautiful at night.  We sat outside as the lights began to come on throughout, it was wonderful.  We enjoyed two margaritas at happy hour prices each!  We also enjoyed wonderful pork empanadas, they were huge!  I ordered the seafood chile relleno with green chile cornbread and the maple-glazed chipotle carrots.  My honey ordered the chipotle chicken with green chile cornbread and chipotle mashed.  We were highly impressed with the quality of the food -- everything was fresh and delicious.  The prices were high, though.  Anyhow, still a fan.
This is the best bistro in Phoenix by far. When I feel that all food in Phoenix is bland and cookie cutter, I come here. To get a real plate of food in front of me. They know what they are doing here. Great for dates, & best happy hour in Phoenix x100
Went for Happy Hour with friends today. Everything was SO good!! The pork tacos, the empanadas, veggie quesa...would get them each again. The prices were awesome for the portion sizes. Our server was excellent!! Respectful and attentive and helpful. Will be back very soon, was my first time.
Two words of advice:  1) Turn into the parking lot to the east of the building.  Walk right into the Fuego patio.  2) Go veerrry hungry, the portions are huge.  A friend and I went for dinner on a Groupon.  It was happy hour, but since the Groupon required two entrees, we didn't get appetizers.  However, some of the dessert items are on the happy hour menu, so we ordered one at the HH price, for consumption later.  This was typical of the cooperative and friendly service during our whole visit.  Everything was topnotch and my friend claimed that the dessert, the horchata bread pudding, was the best dessert she'd ever seen/eaten--this from a real dessert maven.  Beautifully presented, it was almost more than two of us could manage, even with taking home two-lunches-worth of our entrees.  Attractive and cosy, and we enjoyed watching the servers work--they're a really professional team.  I look forward to returning soon.
I find it hilarious that someone would reference this place as being terrible,  compare it to (overpriced and bland) Humble Pie, and in the same breath say it was the best chili relleno you ever tasted.   I can't vouch for the chicken tacos but most street tacos are nowhere near packed with meat. By definition they are usually very tiny with onions,some guacamole, a little cabbage, and some small cuts of meat.  I can say the tilapia tacos are tops(large filet on each) on the list of my girlfriend's quest for good fish tacos. I can say the pork nachos are the best I have had as the pork reminds me of Los Dos Molinos in a small way. The empanadas are excellent as well.  If you go for happy hour you can get two empanadas for 6 bucks. You can also get 2 large fish tacos for 6 bucks. Would you like some awesome tortilla soup? 4 bucks. If you get the dinner version of the emapanadas with a large portion of some of the best rice and a side of black beans I think it sets you back about 11 bucks. I have also had the chili relleno and it is the best I have tasted as well leaving me to wonder with the single review you have for anything, why the venom?  I learned long ago to ask for what is recommended for before you order and if someone recommends a place try what they are harping about first. When I asked they said the chili relleno, pork, empanadas, and red sangrias. Guess how my dining experience went? Try ordering tacos from Los Dos Molinos and you will leave pissed. Order the green chili pork and you will drive 100 miles for it.  I do hope you give it another chance I have honestly never had anything sub par here in my 7 or so visits and they seriously could charge way more for quality than they do.  I agree that Main Ingredient is great also, that's why I took the time to write about it.   But to reiterate:  11-13 dollar for most dinner items besides new york strip(on the list to try), is not pricey  happy hour has most items for 4-6$  street tacos are not bursting with meat  ask what is the best thing on the menu when you order some place then you can write it off all you want.  Humble Pie  was more pricey and not worth it, All it does is take up parking from a much better place next door. For a place with the reference to pizza in it's name you would think it would be better, it tasted like peter piper.  I would love to know what a good chicken taco is in your opinion, I cant think of any besides maybe the California tacos at the now closed Chuy's, but the ones my sister ordered from here were full of chicken and topped with a nice chipotle/ranch like sauce which is similar.
We and friends eat at the place about twice a month. Love the veggie tostada appetizers, the pernil asado, and the seafood chili relleno is super good too. Love servers Suzie and Steve (who also tends bar). Love the Ben Marco wine as well. Also love to sit outside when the weather cooperates - like it is now - and on special nights they have a guitar player on hand. Super quaint place and fantastic food to boot - it's all good.
The seafood chili relleno green chile cornbread casserole are must haves.
Great little restaurant.  The staff is super friendly, and their happy hour specials are pretty amazing.  I got thePanko crusted Tipalia which was a little dry, but my girlfriend's stuffed mahi mahi was delicious.  The Horchata bread pudding was really good too.  They have a nice patio where most of the customers sit, I will be bringing my dog with me next time.    It is a bit expensive, so be prepared to drop some money, but it's definitely worth checking out.
I heard the summoning of my fellow yelpers confidence in past experiences of pure delight. Exotic pleasures upon my pallet were soon to come.   If you simply can't choose for yourself on which meal to dine; their savory beef, flavorful chicken or succulent pork are sure to inspire. I experienced the "Cola and Pineapple Soy Braised Angus Short Rib Roast", "Signature Pernil Asado", and "Pernil BBQ Quesadilla"; all cooked to inspire moments of bliss.   The Short Rib Roast; my favorite of the three, leaves no room for disappointed, and that's a personal guarantee ;)  April and May are the perfect months to enjoy their outdoor patio, tucked inside the conspicuos hidden courtyard at the corner of 7th street and Palo Verde.   As usual with many establishments I visit, snag a great deal by picking up a $25 off 2 entree's certificate from restaurant - com. With certificate in hand, you could walk out the door for close to $30 including tax and tip. During the hours of 3-6 pm (Tuesday - Saturday), try appetizer portions of most popular dishes for $5 - $7 each.  Happy dining my friends!
This place is great.  Quite unique and good atmosphere.  Some dining is outside in a courtyard.  Bear that in mind when going.  We never knew it existed until we tried it out with a groupon. We've been there several times since and turned other folks on to the place as well.  Everything we've had has been great and the service is always top notch.  Awesome happy hour as well.  Some of our favorites  (appetizers): - Empanadas - Salmon Croquette - Pernil Sliders (although they don't show up on their online menu)  (entrees - sides are darn good too.  Try the cornbread or jalapeno corn) - Pernil Asado - Pasta Fuego - Angus Short Ribs - Chile Relleno  Blood Orange Mojitos are awesome.
Was impressed with the service and desire to make our group of 10 happy.  We had our own room and personal service. Food looked good, but lacked spice/flavor.  Not sure why, because it was full of all the stuff I like.  Peppers, cheese, spices.   Thought it might be just me, but most of the people in our group felt the same way.   Dessert was very good. If I go again (which I probably won't), I will ask for heat.   I guess I just expected heat based on the name of the place...
Fuego Bistro was one of the go-to lunch spots for me and my coworkers. I have since left that job, or else it would STILL be one of my go-to lunch spots (oh, if only you were closer).   The food here is wonderful, and the patio is just lovely to sit at when it is nice outside. My personal favorites on the lunch menu are the chicken tacos, with the cream sauce and the jack cheese. They melt cheese between 2 corn tortillas which give the tacos an amazing texture, and the grilled chicken, and the cream sauce (chipotle cream, i believe) are a perfect combination. My other favorite is the chicken enchiladas. They aren't too heavy, I love the black beans, and they are perfect for lunch. There have been times where literally everyone at our table order the chicken enchiladas. They are THAT good.   However, I must say that my absolute FAVORITE part of my dining experience here is the rice. I'm not sure what you guys do with the rice, but my goodness. It's so fluffy and compliments the meal perfectly.   The only reason I knocked down one star, is because of one particular server that we seemed to get quite often. The staff for the most part are wonderful and friendly, however this particular server just struck me as a little rude and hurried, even when it wasn't necessarily busy. We have had this same experience every time we've been seated at his table.  But besides that, Fuego Bistro is fantastic! I highly recommend (especially the rice)!
Fabulous! This was my son- in -laws Restaurant Week choice and an excellent one. Lots of menu choices, a drink included and excellent service from the moment we arrived until we left. We will return soon and often.
I hadn't been here in a couple of years since I moved out of the neighborhood. We stopped here since it was on our way to the dbacks game.  Overall an OK experience.  Positives: Service was good Mashed potatoes and jalapeno corn were very good Tostadas were fresh tasting Portions were large - prices are okay  Not so positives (not really bad enough to be negatives) The side room (not the main dining room) was extremely noisy The chili rellenos sounded great, but the seafood taste was lost beans and the crust was a little heavy. Margarita was OK, tasted like a regular mix with no fresh lime juice flavor  Overall I think that the barrio cafe does a much better seafood relleno and margarita, but this is probably one of the best options I know of in this neighborhood.
Excellent and large enough entree to split between two! Sangria, pork, and key lime pie. Yum. Sat on the patio... Live band. Nice atmosphere. Will go again.
What a fantastic restaurant, especially during Restaurant Week! The food overall was really good and at a very good value on Restaurant Week prices. The outdoor patio is cute and there was a live jazz band when we visited on a Saturday evening. I had:  - Vegetarian Tostadas: Yum! The guacamole and chipotle aioli was quite delicious and nicely balanced the sweet cabbage - 12 Vegetable Enchiladas: Amazing! These have to be the best vegetarian enchiladas I've ever had - real vegetables with a lot of flavor instead of just cheese. - Bread Pudding: This was the only average food item we had all night. I just didn't love the combination of fruit and chocolate and cinnamon - personal flavor preference. - Jalapeno Creamed Corn: Oh my gosh delicious. Sweet & hot at the same time - I highly recommend this side dish. - Chipotle Cheddar Mashed Potatoes: Also really great - full of flavor and very satisfying.  The service we received while at Fuego Bistro was excellent. Our server was great and provided prompt service without being intrusive. She was also very observant - I ordered a vegetarian appetizer & entree, and had selected vegetarian-sounding sides that actually were not. She asked if I was vegetarian and let me know that the sides I had selected actually contained bacon. Now that's great service!
Fuego Bistro has a lot going for it. The servers are attentive, the menu includes a little something for everyone and they have a large drink list. If you do order the mojito, you might want to ask for a double as I couldn't taste any alcohol (a common problem i find with these places that charge 9 dollars for a drink)  The short ribs were 7/10. The mashed potatoes were 9/10. Creamed Corn was 6/10.  Pork Asado dish was 7/10.
I have been to Fuego Bistro twice, both on Groupon deals.  I am rating both visits in this review.   I did not know this place existed until the Groupon, but the first time I went, I had a memorably negative experience with, I think, the owner.  he talked like he was the owner and he had "owner profit concerns" that an employee would not voice.  He was a heavier man about age 40, 5'10", dishwater blond hair.    The Groupon required reservations, but when I called and said I was coming at 5 pm, the waitress said I did not need reservations, just come on in.  I was dining alone.  When I walked in, the owner/manager did not believe me that someone on his staff would tell me I did not need reservations.  He told me nothing was available, but I saw only about 2 parties sitting on the patio, a few more inside.  I was upset that I was told I did not need reservations, and here he was turning me away.  Well, he said, that I could sit at the bar and eat my dinner,when I wanted to sit at the patio.  He also whined that he was not making any money on the Groupon.  I was not happy that he was denying me to eat there, when his staff told me I didn't need reservations.    I told him that I cannot be responsible for what his staff tells me, and if he was unhappy about losing money via Groupon, he should not have advertised his deal with them.  I think I sounded like I was going to give him a bad review, so after about 15 min of arguing, and not being seated anywhere, he told me that I could have a patio table.  After all we were arguing for 15 min and if the tables were all reserved, certainly no one showed up for their reservation at that time, and the patio was almost empty.  Since I was dining alone, I picked the most expensive item on the menu, which was the steak, to use my $30 Groupon myself.  This owner/manager became my waiter.  As I said, I think he thought I was going to give him a bad review as we had all this conflict as soon as I walked in.  I then realized that since I was dining alone, he did not want me to occupy a nice patio table for 4 on the patio, where he could make more money serving 4 people, so he wanted me to sit at the bar.  Even tho tables were not fully reserved, they had the POTENTIAL to be.  I was eating $30 worth of food and he was making only $5, which he even TOLD ME !  He made me feel like I was being punished for buying the Groupon !  Well he changed his attitude as my server, and became a very very gracious waiter.  The steak was PERFECTLY COOKED  (I ordered rare), and soooo pleasing and delicious!   The sides he recommended were terrific.  He seemed to make up for his rudeness as manager, when he became my server, tho his "regrets as manager" were unspoken.  The second time I went, was about a year later.  $30 Groupon required minimum party of 2, so I invited 2 friends.  This Groupon only said reservations "recommended", not required, and I did make reservations.    We ordered the Angus shortrib entree, the tilapia, and I had the seafood chilli relleno entree.  The sides were A+, and the serving size enormous.  I am a big eater.  The servings were so large that I recommend that people pay the $5 share cost, and share a dinner.  I made 3 meals out of what I was served.  The tilapia was bland to me, and I would have liked the Angus shortrib to have more sauce, but that is me.  My friends did not have my comments.  I am a picky eater.   We had two waiters, one said he did not know the menu because he had only worked there for one day, so he said to ask another waiter.   I always ask servers what are their regular customers' favorite dishes.  I have no complaints about our service, I would rate B+.    I would have given this place 5 stars if it were not for my bad experience with the owner the first time.    Our total bill was $69 before tax and tip and we got $30 off that.    I would come back here again without Groupon discount, which I cannot say for about 95% of the Groupon, Living Social, DealChicken, etc. deals.  It is a nice place to bring a visitor from out of town to sit on the patio, which is entirely shaded from 5:00 on.  They have misters in some areas.  This place is a good deal for the atmosphere on the patio and the generous servings of food that you could make several meals out of.
great pernil and mojitos.  small, nice patio
A review long, long overdue, but clearly they are not hurting for good reviews.  Fuego had been on my list for a long time, and fellow Yelp pal Christina P generously shared her Groupon with me.  Now while there has seemingly been a lot of complaints lately about restaurants treating their Groupon customers poorly, we experienced no such negativity.  I went with the seafood chile relleno..."scallop,shrimp, and Mahi Mahi stuffed in a jumbo Pasilla pepper with a panko crust and a lobster chile cream sauce."  I will let the description speak for itself other than adding, "yes, it was that damn good."  As was the green chili cornbread and jalapeño creamed corn.  The restaurant is small, but they have a very lovely patio.  Someday in the distant future, it will be usable again.  Until then, I imagine a reservation would be a necessity and deservingly so.
Really enjoyed Fuego Bistro for date night. The ambiance was charming and the server was friendly, knowledgeable and unobtrusive. My husband and I wanted to sample a bit of everything and had heard the entree portions were huge (literally every customer was going home with part of their dinner boxed up), so we split an appetizer, an entree and dessert. It was perfect and I left feeling satisfied but not overly stuffed.  I ordered the pomegranate mojito (virgin because I'm pregnant) and it was so refreshing, not too sweet - perfect summer drink. Can't wait to go back and try it with rum! We started with the vegetarian tostadas, which I would definitely recommend; the vegetables were really fresh on the crispy tostada and there was just enough kick from the pico de gallo and chipotle sauce.  For our entree, we shared a stuffed chicken dish with cream sauce that was the special that night (the husband loves ordering specials). Chicken was cooked perfectly and I really liked the sauce which managed to be creamy but not too rich. We chose the cornbread and creamed corn for our sides. The cornbread was yummy - light, fluffy, a little spicy - but I would past on the creamed corn next time. Too sweet and nothing special.   Finally, we split the key lime pie for dessert. We were deciding between that and the bread pudding, which sounded a bit too heavy for the 100+ degree heat outside, so we opted for the pie based on our server's recommendation. It was awesome! Smooth and slightly tangy with a crunchy chocolate crust, served with whipped cream, chocolate sauce and nuts. Definitely worth splitting an entree so you have room for dessert.  I will return to Fuego Bistro, it's a small menu but there are several dishes I would try. Our server didn't up-charge us a split plate fee for the entree which was nice, because the prices are a little steep. I also plan to check out their Happy Hour which looks like a great value...once I can finally drink again!
We ate here for the first time last night and it was very good.  I had the Natural Farm Chicken Breast: pounded, panko breaded in a sauce of tomatillo cream, goat cheese, bacon and tortilla pico de gallo.  The portions were enough to have for dinner and bring some home for lunch today.  I also tasted the Wild Pacific Scallop appetizer, it was good but I felt it would have been great with just a little squeeze of lime to cut the sweetness.  Overall a nice evening at a reasonable price.  I would definitely go again.
It is kind of hidden since it is not on a main road.  It was warm outside so we opted for indoor seating rather than the patio.  The interior dining area is split into two separate dining rooms, which seemed a little odd.  I had the Chile Relleno and my husband had the Tilapia (I preferred my husbands dish).  It was good.  I would eat here again but it would not be my first choice.
When you're eating spicy food - it's great if you don't have to go outside into the 116 degree patio to cool off.  Perhaps it was the incoming storm bringing along humidity - or perhaps it was that the tiny place had the thermostat set at 84 with the sun beating in the window - regardless no one seemed concerned except the diners.    The food was very good - the dinner selections were over $20+ but quite large ($5 charge for plate splitting) however there were only about 7 options.   Lunch menu sounded good - and had more choices, but isn't available after 3 (or 4).     We started with the pork nachos & empanadas.  Nachos were filling - but well - they were nachos.  The empanadas were savory, slightly spicy and fresh tasting, flaky and had a delish sauce.  Personally I settled for appetizers - Cubano pork sliders and a side of carrots.   Sliders were good, the pulled pork nicely seasoned and accented with their purple slaw.  Chile Maple Carrots were lacking any maple and left your mouth a little tingly from the heat.  I also had a mojito - which is one of their specials but wasn't anything to write home about.    My hubby had the Pasta de Fuego -  huge portion, lots of veggies, chicken and sausage in a tasty spiced cream sauce.   He got an extra side of the chipolte cheddar mashed - those were my favorite thing there.    Our companions split the seafood chile relleno.  They enjoyed it - I didn't try (scallops are not my friend).  They had the jalapeno cornbread as a side - it was good, full of corn, crusty outside, moist middle and bits of bacon.   They also had a sangria - which mostly tasted like wine with an orange slice floating in it (yeah - I know, what is sangria if not wine with fruit floating in it  - but it can be much more).    We would have stayed for desert as we were celebrating a birthday - but it was too hot.  Believe me - if I'm too hot to eat cake it's pretty darn warm.    We did have a groupon - but it didn't get talked about till we were ready for the bill, so there was no disparaging service.   The waiter did seem quite pretentious - perhaps he just treats everyone like they don't quite deserve to eat there.
I love, love, love this place!  While I go to Fuego Cityscape more often, since it is downstairs from my gym, I love the ambiance, indoors and outdoors on the expansive patio.   The food is excellent.  My favorite is the Chile Rellenos, but the Pork Nachos and Empenadas are great as well, as are the very fresh mojitos (can get Pomegranate and Mango Mojitos), wine and everything on the menu.  The manager is super-friendly and very patient with us, and when we go, we tend to close the place down, eating and drinking and being merry.  I told the manager that if you feed us, we will never leave.  I think he believes us!  Do yourself a favor and visit this excellent little restaurant..you will be glad you did!
I have been eager to try this place for a while and we finally went here for dinner the other night. It is a small restaurant with a nice charm. Although, for the prices I would expect a little fancier atmosphere.  For dinner we ordered the Fuego Seafood Chile Relleno. The dish was tasty with a bit a kick. Since most of the dish was spicy it was served with a side of candied cabbage. I've never had that before... It was quite interesting and a fun contrast to the spiciness of everything else.   I ordered the dragonberry mojito. They have awards for their mojito's so I was expecting a lot. It was good but I would have preferred a little less mint and a little more dragonberry. But it was still good.  Overall I enjoyed the experience and am glad I finally got to try it.
I stopped in here one day to give it a try as I ususaly go to the one on Camelback Rd. Decided to try something different this time. Since I really like Chile Rellenos I ordered that.  What a disappointment!  I had thought it would be filled with mostly cheese but it wasn't.  I did not like the filling or the crunchy skin.  Also it was too hot and spicey.  next time I will stick to my pork tacos.  Hopefully they will be the same as at their other restaurant.  I also do not like their salsa.  It is not chunky and is TOO HOT.  Now if they served their pico de gallo to those who do not like the spicey salsa and without charging 3 bucks,  I mean like if you are serving salsa then at least besides HOT, serve some medium, and some mild.
This is my favorite restaurant in all of Phoenix. I love hole-in-the-wall, hard to find places, and this is it.  I've tried many items on the menu over the years but my favorite is the breaded tilapia or NY steak, with jalapeno creamed corn and chipotle chedder mashed potatoes.  Mmmmm... so good!  We usually also get an appetizer, our favorites are usually the shrimp or the tostadas.  And the banana burrito for dessert. YUM.    They also have the best mojitos I've ever tasted and their sangria is pretty top notch as well.  Service is always excellent and we have never once had a bad experience.  We usually go nowadays when there is a Groupon so that it's a little easier on our wallets, and never have any problems.  Like with any Groupon, don't wait until that last day to try and go.  You've got plenty of time to make your reservations!    When it's not 100 degrees outside, we enjoy sitting out on the patio on weekends and enjoying live music.  The only strange thing I've ever thought about this place is that for the prices, it seems like the decor, tables, especially outdoors, would be a little nicer.  I love this place though and it doesn't bother me, just something to be prepared for if you've never eaten here before.
07/05/12   Had two Voice Daily Deals ($10 for $30) to use up before the 14th, so I asked my young cousin to meet me for dinner.  I'd never eaten here before, but I know from the reviews that it's popular for happy hour.  Indeed, the HH menu sounds fantastic, and so do the prices.  However, these certificates were only good for dinner, and so here we were.  But first, about the location-- it's tucked away a bit, away from the road, so don't blink, or you might miss it.  There are many parking spaces, so that's not an issue unless you're there for HH.  (If you are, then come early.)  FB has a small patio area that looks promising, if only it was decorated a little better.  I remember seeing two tables, but cousin remembers four.  I don't think there are misters to help keep cool.  Inside, it's even smaller.  I would say about six tables of two- and four-tops, and about five to six seats at the beautiful blue-tiled bar.  Sit here to maximize on atmosphere, have questions about the wines or cocktails, and if you want to be entertained by the staff.  My cousin doesn't drink, so she had water, while I tried the guava mojito.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HGvNE87fvK5PwKMZBDkTbA?select=pCA97HLAPYRN0bJTQUs1Pw#pCA97HLAPYRN0bJTQUs1Pw  It tasted like a regular mojito, but a bit sweeter.  It's alright- nothing fantastic.  Maybe I'll try a regular one, without the added flavorings, during HH one of these days.  After poring through the menu and asking our server Steve (who is also the bartender) about the dinner special (ribeye), I found I could only try ONE item, since everything else had allergens all over the entrees (shellfish, corn, guacamole, bell peppers, dijon reduction, etc.), instead of just added on top, and so I ordered the Natural Farm Chicken Breast, with tomatillo sauce, pico de gallo, goat cheese, and bacon. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HGvNE87fvK5PwKMZBDkTbA?select=o8X2VwUplwqRZfvuQUunDA#o8X2VwUplwqRZfvuQUunDA  My cousin ordered the ribeye special, with mushrooms and a dijon reduction.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HGvNE87fvK5PwKMZBDkTbA?select=fMtwu_Aw8ynU-gaOspzWWQ#fMtwu_Aw8ynU-gaOspzWWQ  Entrees come with your choice of two sides from the following choices: green chile cornbread casserole, jalapeno creamed corn, sauteed organic green beans, chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes, and maple-glazed carrots.  Cousin chose the cornbread and creamed corn, and I asked for the green beans and mashed potatoes.  Cousin LOVED everything on her plate!  She especially liked the cornbread.  I enjoyed my dish, as well.  I liked how spicy it was, which may turn some people off, but I thought everything worked well together, especially the addition of the goat cheese, which helped to cut the spiciness.  I say add more cheese!  Loved the bacon bits, as well.  The green beans were sauteed to perfection-- nice green color and crisp, and not greasy.  We both thought the mashed potatoes were very tasty!  It's a good thing I liked the dish, since it's the only one I can order, unless they offer something new as a special.    We were too stuffed to order dessert, and it's a good thing, too, since out of the five choices (Ancho chocolate torte, Banana burrito, Kahlua creme brulee, Horchata bread pudding, and Homemade Key Lime pie), I could only have the brulee, and I wasn't feeling like creme brulee that evening.    Prices were too high for me to consider dining here for dinner without a discount.  Now, it's one thing if the menu is all-organic, but it isn't.  Service was attentive and friendly, so that's a plus.  Loved the intimate setting, but only if I can sit at the bar- we sat at a table.  07/12/12  Came back solo to use up the second certificate.  This time I sat at the lovely blue-tiled bar, even though the seat wasn't too comfortable, especially after leaving a massage session...  It was great fun speaking with bartender Steve and server Kevin.  "T-Bone" was nice, too -- he always made sure to open the door for guests.  Had the chicken breast again http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HGvNE87fvK5PwKMZBDkTbA?select=P_dIQjZufh2dJ6m_rjYmTA#P_dIQjZufh2dJ6m_rjYmTA, with a glass of sauvignon blanc, and the Kahlua creme brulee.  The chicken is as good as I remembered it, but this time there was even less goat cheese!  However, the creme brulee made up for it.  The best part of the dessert were the caramel and chocolate sauces that accompanied it.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HGvNE87fvK5PwKMZBDkTbA?select=tmq5bH42X_to8nG9fuT6yg#tmq5bH42X_to8nG9fuT6yg  Mmm!  I'd like to have these over ice cream, but not the Thrifty ice cream that accompanies many of the dessert plates offered here.  (Sorry, but I cannot have products that use corn syrup.  Besides, I'd rather have ice cream made from high-quality ingredients, and carrageenan and corn syrup, high fructose or otherwise, aren't.)  Thanks for honoring the Voice Daily Deals, FB!  I'll be back with family and friends for happy hour, maybe.
Great place ! Service was prompt & friendly.  Food was fabulous - I ordered short ribs with mashed potatoes and maple glazed carrots. My friend ordered the chile relleno with seafood. His was quite good - though maybe too many flavors competing since there were various types of seafood in it. My short ribs were excellent. A huge portion that was 3 meals for each of us. Great value, great quality. Stick with the wine list; we each ordered a cocktail that we wouldn't re-order next time.  Charming, intimate, quaint place.
Really amazing food and creative menu. Service was alright, along with the drinks. I really want to try their happy hour. Don't forget to try the cream corn-original and delicious.
Chicken tacos are awesome. I like that they have a short and simple menu. Draft beer selection is great.
Ok first time here with a groupon. The deal was good for $ paid vs. $ you get . Thank god because the dishes were expensive, but we aren't yelping groupon.  Ok let's start the review   First we could find the place. They are located down an alley like street with no signs indicating their location. After circling and then making a phone call we see a wrought iron sign indicating their location down in a courtyard. Although we arrived shortly after 5 (beginning of dinner service) we were told if we didn't have a reservation we could only sit outside. Well since we had already drOve all the way across town over 20 miles I wasn't turning back now. So we opted to sit outside. It was shady but come on this is phoenix and it didn't take long Til I was dabbing my forehead with sweat.   We were given a menu and ice water. We had restrictions to our Voucher and had to order two dinner entrees which started at 21.00.   We started out with a beer and a reposado margarita. The margarita was small! They also used table salt instead of margarita salt. I had salt running down the cup everywhere.  Then we ordered two of the same dinner entrees. The panko crusted chicken breasts with two sides. I chose the cheddar mashed potatoes and sautéed green beans. My husband had glazed carrots instead of potatoes.  I felt like our food was Luke warm and my plate was chipped.  Our bill was almost $60 and I could have fed a family of 6 the same food at the same price.  They get rave reviews for their happy hour which may be "great" but our dinner certainly was subpar.
My husband and I went here for dinner for the first time a couple weeks ago. I have to say, I was a little disappointed in the place.  Based on all the high reviews, I was expecting something... I don't know, more.  The restaurant itself is really, really small and the seating is not exactly comfortable. I saw the nice patio but even that is in a courtyard without anything particularly interesting to look at.  I did like the overall decor and vibrant colors on the wall so I am not saying it is ugly or anything, just not as fab as I was expecting based on the reviews.  The menu was also really small.  There is not much to choose from, really.  We started with the empanadas which were a bit of a disappointment.  They just didn't have the same flavors or texture as other versions I have eaten at Mexican or South American places.  And it was weird that they were served with a sauce, especially one that didn't seem to complement them at all.  Fortunately our main courses were much better than the starter.  I ordered the prawns and my husband got the steak.  We both ordered the chipotle mashed potatoes and cornbread.  Usually, the first time we go somewhere new I try to order something completely different from hubby so we can sample more items but who can turn down chipotle mashed potatoes?  I make a version of these at home but I have never tried putting cheddar cheese in them.  I will definitely do that from now on because these tasted fantastic. They were really creamy and delicious with great flavor but not too spicy.  I didn't eat all of mine b/c they were a little too rich but hubby practically licked his plate.  The cornbread was equally divine.  In addition to the green chili chunks in there it also had pieces of crispy bacon.  The flavor and texture was just perfect!  The steak and prawns were both cooked perfectly and with really scrumptious sauces that complimented the meat perfectly.  Our waiter was really friendly throughout the whole experience and made sure we were happy with everything.  Overall, the food was delicious but necessarily anything unique.  In my opinion, it just didn't justify the high prices.  We spent over $80 on our meals and a couple of beers.  I am really left feeling a little confused about the experience because I think the no-frills locale and menu mean it is not really a destination restaurant but more of a neighborhood joint... but then why the high prices? I guess I just don't get it.
Charming and delicious! I had the chile rellenos...tons of flavor! They are not stingey with the cheese and the sauce was perfect1 My margarita was par. I will be back soon.
Kudos to Fuego! Other than the atmosphere, food, and service being fantastic, I do have to say... I just called to inquire about my expired groupon voucher, and the friendly voice on the other end of the line informed me that they'll still honor it for the full deal value!  WooHoo
My BF and I just happened to come here for dinner during restaurant week so I was happy to see the $30 prix fix menu for appetizer, main meal, dessert and sangria or soft drink. We were seated on the patio and I loved the ambiance, the warmth, soft lighting and a guitarist who must have known every singer/songwriter song ever written. OK admit I liked him because he played Dylan and Leonard Cohen among others. I was enjoying the vibe until, as the evening grew darker, I realized we could not see our food, like, at all. A single small candle was not adequate to light our table. That really is my only complaint and I think it is repairable. It was hard to love on my food when I seriously couldn't tell what was what. So much effort clearly went into making the food, so come on, let's see it. My other comment is the serving sizes. I expected that a menu such as the restaurant week menu might have smaller servings and they definitely could have. Nearly everyone I saw leaving was taking a box with them, as we did. With full size appetizers, we only ate half of our full sized main dishes. BF had to bring his dessert home, although I pressed on to try the chocolate chile torte with the most amazing malt and coconut ice cream. Not seeing it added a kind of different taste dimension which wasn't Unpleasant but it was a bit unusual. I enjoyed all of the food but the big hits for me were the renowned pork pernil and the corn bread casserole thingy...well it's not typical cornbread but very rich and home style with chiles and other unseen bits. Will go back next time I'm in Phoenix but will likely see if we can split a meal, saving room for the excellent desserts.  Last, not least, I found the texting reservations very easy and a great idea for those places that may not want to deal with Open Table.
went here with my Mom and the food was good but the service could use some improvement. It was during Arizona Restaurant Week so they were pushing the restaurant week menu versus the regular menu. We had gotten a gift card from  one of my mom's clients so it was our first time there. We shared the empanadas and I had the chicken tortilla soup. My mom had the Jumbo Sauteed Prawns and they looked good. Dinner wasn't cheap so it was nice we had the giftcard. I think it is more worth it to go there for happy hour or lunch then dinner.   Also it is kind of in a sketchy area so I wouldn't go too late at night.
I liked this place if I wanted to take my mom to a "fancy" Mexican place. Small and quaint. Had the seafood Chile relleno... It wasn't the best pairing of tastes. The pulled pork was really good tho! I'd say overpriced when you can get better Mexican food around Phoenix. Fuego Cantina, its sister restaurant, is better priced.
Love this place.
I discovered this place through LivingSocial vouchers. Usually, I admit, I'm a voucher-hopper... but this place has my business for life. I've been to all the Fuego Restaurants (Cantina, Bistro, Cityscape, Tacos). They all cater to a bit different crown and have a different vibe and, aside from a few staples, different menus. This one, Fuego Bistro, is by far my favorite.  I love this restaurant. I'm not a foodie, not a snob, don't give half a crap about the historic atmosphere and unique setting or vibe. In fact, I don't even eat there (I almost always get it to go). BUT MY GOD THE FOOD IS SO DAMN DELICIOUS.  I've tried a number of their dishes. I'm not a fan of spicy (very finicky stomach)... I never cease to be impressed with this place. The food definitely has a unique zing to it, very flavorful, but still somehow doesn't kill my tummy. It's not overpowering, but unique. The flavors and textures really work well, too (and I'm not one to normally give a hoot about things like "textures"). Even I know that it's VERY well made, well-thought-out food.  Kinda small menu, but everything is so good. I prefer the dinner menu - it is quite different from the lunch menu. Not cheap, not expensive, very generous portions. Well worth it. It really is fusion, like none other I've ever tasted - I can't describe it using anything other than "INCREDIBLE"!  Some of my favorites:  - Empanadas (wow)  - Dinner Menu Chili Relleno (oh my god - it has mahi mahi, mini scallops, shrimp, and other deliciousness). Definitely get the jalapeno creamed corn as one of your sides, they are perfect together.  - Steak (get the mashed potatoes as one of your sides)  - Prawns (amazing)  To the people that said their shrimp was probably from Trader Joe's, their food was bland, the service was bad, or the experience was "just MEH" you must be THOSE people, the ones who always have to bitch about something. I've been here at least ten times now, and I've never gotten anything but perfection. It may not look like the Ritz, but you definitely won't be disappointed.  Very personable, nice staff, good and quick service the one time I ate in, lightning fast service when I do take out... even when they are packed. What I love - even when I go in there with a LivingSocial voucher, they treat me well. EVERY single time, whether it's dine-in or to-go. Usually when you use a voucher and order to-go, the hostess's face reads 'I'm not getting a tip' and you get service to match. Not here! Truly impressed. Also, I've noticed elsewhere that to-go portions get stingy compared to if you dined in. Also not here - the to-go portions are still huge!!!  They get busy on weekend evenings (especially during fall/winter - patio season), so make reservations.  My SINGLE gripe: They have limited seating, and most of it is patio (very little inside seating, small place). I'm not a people-person, I like my privacy and personal space... I like to tuck away in a corner. This is impossible inside (it's a not-very-large rectangle, there just isn't an out-of-the-way table)... it's kinda possible with some of the courtyard patio seating, but I don't really like to eat outside. This is why I get to-go. Oh, yeah, parking does get a bit skimpy when they get busy... I've so far always been lucky and gotten a close spot, but I can see how some people might complain about it.
Food is incredible.  All simple ingedients,  and delicious.  Margaritas need some work.  Asked 2 servers what brand tequila they use, neither knew :/ Not much inside, patio is best enjoyed in evening
This review is based on two visits. The first was during restaurant week with a group of friends. I had the short ribs and was wowed by the sweet/savory tender meat and the delicious cheddar mashed potatoes that came with the entree. The serving sizes of all the food was so ample, I mis-judged the capacity of my stomach and overate. The service was fine that night. I remember our waitress being very acommodating and prompt. We sat in the pleasant, quiet patio area and had a really nice dinner.   I went back with my husband a month or so later after telling him how good it was. This time, I ordered the nightly special, a grilled tuna dish. The tuna itself was fine, actually seemed like a high quality piece of fish. My criticism was that they served a large piece of tuna unsliced. It made the fish kind of chewy because I had to cut off large pieces with a less-than-ideal steak knife.   So, the worst part was that the service was poor enough that even I was annoyed. We sat and waited for our dishes to be cleared and our bill to be presented for probably 20-30 minutes. I'm usually pretty tolerant of mediocre service, but man! If it was like this every time, I would definitely have to avoid the place even though I like the food. I plan to give it another go, hoping the poor service was a fluke.
This is one of the best culinary finds in AZ. Wow amazing food, healthy portion sizes and great service. When these guys out for a casual dinner out and you won't be disappointed.
Had shrimp was really good and burnt but good Burnt like french food :) empanadas were good as well as the mussels. The waiter also gave us a sample potatoes which were different I hear their corn bread is good. I used a groupon so be on the look out for deals like that. Shout out to  Kevin and chewy thank you so much for jumping my dead car battery will be back :) Outdoor seating is nice as well since they have heaters ;) The place is small and intimate
Pros:  -food is really tasty, I did not have anything on my plate that I didn't like (I ordered the short ribs with cheddar mashed potatoes and sauteed green beans) -service attentive and friendly (at least this is true for when I went at 7 PM on a Tuesday night)  Cons:  -parking difficult and limited -price of food a little high for what you get -we noticed a small roach crawling on the wall right above our table as we were finishing our meal
This was my second visit to fuego bistro. Had apps and sangria the 1st time. Dinner last night was beyond spectacular ..... All 3 of us can't say enough good things about how amazing all their food is.  This is a must go place  You won't be disappointed!
Been to their other locations, and did not know they were close to me. Shame on me. Wife brought home what was leftover from dinner. One bite of the chicken breast in the styrofoam box made me a believer. Just the right flavor and heat. The bacon on top....muy bueno! The right heat and flavor. If leftovers make an impression, can't wait for my first trip to their locale.
I am very glad that my mom and I weren't deterred by Fuego's sort of hidden location and lack of visible crowd. We had a fantastic dinner this past weekend.   Service was great - enthusiastic and informative.   Mom started with a coconut mojito (one of Fuego's signature cocktails) and I had a glass of white sangria. I don't even like coconut and I thought her drink was delicious.  We shared an order of empanadas as an appetizer, per the recommendation of fellow Yelpers. I don't remember what they were stuffed with but they were good. I could have perhaps used a guac or some kind of dip, but then again I am a condiment freak.   I let our server pick my entree, between their nightly special (a blackened mahi mahi in tomatillo cream sauce) or the short rib. He chose the mahi for me and it was really, really good. All entrees come with your choice of 2 sides and I chose some sautéed green beans and jalapeño creamed corn. The creamed corn was tasty, but definitely had a kick to the aftertaste! Mom got the seafood stuffed chile relleno and let me tell you it was AWESOME. I was super jealous of her entree but she was nice and let me have a bite or three. I would definitely come back just to have that dish. Yum.  I will also be back to check out Fuego's happy hour, which runs Tuesday through Saturday from 3-6pm and includes a bunch of small plates and discounts on booze.
A few years ago, this place would have gotten a minimum of 4 stars from me. I'm not sure what's happened to the food/drinks recently but it has gone a bit downhill. Maybe it's all the new Fuegos they're opening up around town?  This also used to be my favorite place for mojitos, but no more. They've either changed their ingredients or the bartenders have forgotten their craft. It tastes even worse during happy hour.  Their food is still good, but its lost something recently. I wish I could describe the prior experience better, but its still a go-to place near the house. My main dish is always the short rib and I love their cornbread casserole and mashed potatoes. Happy hour is hit or miss at times on taste(both food and drinks). Service is always great and I've never had issues.
Cool ambiance. We like the live music too! The heaters outside were great.  The portions were huge! Our least favorite part of the meal was the mussels appetizer. We wouldn't order that again. We ordered the pork and short ribs. The short ribs were great! Our sides were the mashed potatoes, green beans, creamed corn, and the cornbread. We liked them all except the green beans were just okay. We also ordered a sundae for dessert, which was huge!
Finally made it to this hidden gem...have to go back and check if anyone else had to search for it. The fact that it is inside the courtyard of the complex threw us off for a couple of minutes. Liked that we had to hunt for it a bit!  This is a place where once you start eating, you want to fast forward to the next day so you can try something else on the menu.  Dined off the happy hour menu.  First, if you order a salad of the HH menu....it is the big dinner salad, so be advised....you will get filled up! Jeannie and I each had different salads and they were both very good.  The downside was that we could not gorge ourselves on the other good stuff .   BBQ pernil sliders & tilipia tacos....too hard to call one the winner.  Will require a rematch or two....  Will be coming back until we get through the entire menu!...at least a couple times.  Happy hour means drinks and the bistro did not disappoint here either. Jeannie went with a well liked sangria and I tossed back two margaritas. Very picky about my margaritas and this was a good one. They do use a bottled pre-mix, which I didn't recognize, but it was neither too sweet or sour...the death knell of a good marg and a waste of a shot of tequila.  P.S. Was in Costco two days later and saw a gift card offer.... $49.99 for  $100 in gift cards! They are good at all three locations. Guess you know what we are buying!
My girlfriend and I love this place. We have been there twice and can't wait to go back. It's one of those places where everything on the menu is great.  The first time we both ordered the slow roasted pork and it was outstanding.  The second time I ordered the seafood chile relleno and it was the best I have ever had. My girlfriend ordered the NY strip steak and it was melt in your mouth. All of the sides were excellent. We like the chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes, jalapeño creamed corn, and green chili cornbread. We also start out with the empanadas every time. So good!!! We can't wait to go back to try something else!
Wow!  That's a one-word description of Fuego Bistro. From the quaint outdoor dining atmosphere to the killer food, I was very impressed.   The service was excellent and attentive.   The Chile Relleno is a must have for sure. It has great flavor, especially with the cheese sauce and what they put inside.   You will regret it if you don't stop by while in the neighborhood.
hard to find, really unusual situation in an older industrial area patio with several buildings. very eclectic. heated patio with jazz players, cool. poke around.  very nice welcome. very helpful wait staff. extraordinary food.  now i'm a quantity type of eater, not quality. this is a place that someone has found a very interesting niche. maybe 20 items on the menu. each with a meat,(i saw 1 vegan offering) a coating, sauce. maybe 5 sides, cornbread, corn, beans, carrots, garlic mashed potatoes.  it is hard for a restaurant to make money. it's got to watch every penny. this place has made a few spectacular recipes and offers them at a profitable price, add attention to customers, cool ambiance and you have a good business model.  i only wish i could cook mashed potatoes like that, i'd die happy eating them for every meal. lots of them, lots of garlic. we will return. recommended.  my wife had a chicken breast that was huge, the favor was amazing, surprising coating, wonder what was in it? cornbread was very special, be sure you try it. a must try place.
Horrible service and cold food. I had such high hopes for this place cause fuego tacos is so amazing. We will never go here again.
I bought a living social deal for me and my bf to use and we made a reservation for us to go for dinner last night. We arrived a couple of minutes early but we were seated right away and the owner Jeff came over and said he would be taking care of us personally. The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected. He asked if there was anything we were allergic to or didn't like, and then he just started bringing out food:  First dish - Veggie tostadas. Seemingly pretty basic but very flavorful Second dish - Beef empanadas. Delicious! Third dish - Jumbo prawns. Also very good, I liked the avocado sauce Fourth dish - Fuego pasta. Winner!! Super good and flavorful. Just had my leftovers for lunch and still held up.  Fifth dish - The "finale", cola and pineapple short ribs, ahi tuna, chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes, cornbread casserole, jalapeno creamed corn. I am not a huge seafood person, but the ahi tuna was really good, a great "vehicle for flavor" as my boyfriend said. Everything else on the plate was great. Unfortunately we were stuffed from everything so we were at odds with ourselves trying to finish what was left.   Just as we were remarking about how excellent everything was, Jeff brought out dessert! omg...  Sixth dish - Horchata bread pudding, key lime pie, chocolate malted ice cream, and ancho chile chocolate torte. My bf loved the chocolate torte and I could not have gotten enough of the bread pudding and chocolate ice cream.   To drink, I had the caribbean volcano and sangria mix. The sangria mix makes me never want to go back to just red or white sangrias.   The experience was great and Jeff and his staff were wonderful. We sat in the courtyard which was heated and had live music which was a nice touch. It was pretty busy the entire time we were there, and it looks like Jeff knows how to run a successful restaurant. We will definitely return.
Last night my husband I went here for dinner.  We have eaten here before and we liked the food.  So, we thought we would try it again.   I'm kind of sad that our experience was not all that great this time.   The waiter that we had was not very good.  Was not very helper and he never came around to see if we liked our food or if we needed anything.    Also the water guy was great, he came around and checked on us, to see if we liked our food or if we needed anything.  I wish we could have tipped him and not our waiter.   Now for the food, it was pretty good.  We ordered the Pineapple short rib roast and it came with mashed potatoes and creamy corn.   It is definitely an enough for two people.      Last and not least, the atmosphere of this restaurant is not all that great either.  It is in the middle of this little shopping center and you could hear the music for the dance studio that was right next to the patio seating.   Happy yelping everyone!!!  If you decided to come here the food is not all that bad.  We in joyed it!!!
Let me start by saying the people that work at Fuego Bistro have to be some of the nicest people in the restaurant industry. I love their food. The portions are huge and the entrees are very tasty. I love the flavor combinations. I usually get the white prawns which are absolutely delicious. I love spice and you get plenty of that at Fuego. The patio is quaint and adorable.
I took my 13 year old here for dinner and could not have been happier with our choice! I had found a Groupon so decided to give Fuego a try. We started with the chicken tacos on the happy hour menu, they were delish. My son had the Angus grilled New York strip with Chipotle cheddar mashed potatos and jalepeno cream corn. The steak was HUGE, even the people at the next table commented on the size. It was a very tender steak with wonderful flavor. I had the seafood chile relleno with the green chile cornbread and maple chili glazed carrots. The relleno was absolutely FABULOUS!!!!!!!!!!!! So were all the different sides and all in large portion. We could not attempt to finish it all in one setting, but did have to try a dessert. We shared the Ancho Chile chocolate torte which came with a heap of yummy ice cream and drizzled with an amazing sauce.  The service was wonderful, everyone was so attentive and friendly which impressed me as often when servers approach a table with one parent, a child, and a coupon, they tend to shy away. I guess they think, "Small tip." Not the case here. We were treated very well and never had an empty glass or dirty dish waiting. The server was so friendly and chatted with us as well as wait on us. The atmosphere is very cute. We sat outside as there is much more seating on the patio (a courtyard for a small complex). It was a very nice setting. I can not wait to go back and try other menu items as there were several I wanted to try!!!!! The prices are reasonable for entrees and the happy hour prices are very affordable. Fuego definitely got a new regular!
We're from out of town, and looked on Yelp to find a place to eat. The photos of the food looked appetizing, so we decided to give it a try and were not disappointed! It's a small restaurant with a patio. We chose to eat on the patio, and it was very pleasant, plenty of umbrellas for shade and even though there is a busy street close by we could not hear the traffic. Now for the food, in a word: delicious! I had the chicken tostada with a chipolte cream sauce. It was actually 3 small ones piled high with tender well-seasoned chicken with the chipolte sauce, cabbage and guacamole.  There was also a side salad with it that had spicy glazed walnuts and seasoned tortilla strips, with a spicy dressing. The Fuego enchiladas were also very good, with sides of well-seasoned black beans and fluffy spanish rice. We did not have dessert but the offerings sounded wonderfully tasty, so next time we are up this way we will come extra hungry so that we have room! The place is a little hard to find but don't give up. It's in a courtyard surrounded by other businesses, there is a parking lot just past the building.
Took us a few minute to find the spot - tucked in on a side street as it was, in a courtyard of a older, kitchy shopping area. Between the old gurgling fountain, colorful christmas lights, old trees and flowering coriander plants, my girlfriend and I quite enjoyed the offbeat decore. Not your typical bistro spot.   The waitstaff were attentive and friendly, especially our waiter, a young dude who's name escapes me. He answered my celiac girlfriend's questions courteously, and was mild mannered and easy-going in a way that really suited the environs. Happy hour menu looked great, and the house marg and mojito were both fresh, simple and tasty.  GF got mussels and a street tacos, with the mussels being right up there with the best she had, and the tacos fresh, tasty and clean.  My main course was the Soy & Cola braised short-ribs with something-something au-jus, I opted for the mashed potatoes and maple chile glazed carrots as sides. At this point, i was feeling like, while the drinks were good, and the atmosphere & service was quirky, natural and relaxed, I wasn't totally expecting the food to blow me away - I was wrong. The dish was both incredibly well balanced and delicious (and very healthy portions at that). Spicy, rich and fall apart tender meat, with gentle touches of sweet, fruity, savory and spicy. The potatoes were addicting, and the carrots (being from Vermont, and a maple lover, i know that maple can be a difficult thing to cook with) were not over sweet, but perfectly tender, buttery, a touch of salt and heat.  All in all a great, friendly and offbeat dining experience. We'll be back.
I can easily give this place 5 stars. Service was wonderful, very friendly. Food was delicious, lunch portions were huge & reasonably priced. The cuisine is Latin so the flavors are a bit different than your typical Mexican/American resteraunt. The menu had an interesting and variety of delicious foods such as empanadas, Ancho dusted Wild Salmon croquettes and I had the smoked chicken poblano pepper which was amazing!  A bit difficult to find since there aren't any signs. It's tucked in between a dance studio & a hair salon. The patio is a big open courtyard shade by large trees and a nice ambiance from the bubbling fountain and music. They have live music ever weekend. Will be going back soon & want to check out their other locations.
Spinach salad with bacon citrus vinaigrette dressing, goat cheese, red onion and house caramelized nuts @ afternoon happy hour prices.  Cool spot to cool your heels on a hot afternoon on the shaded, mist-cooled patio or the small-but-not cramped wonderfully cool dining room and bar.  This is a really relaxing oasis of calm down to the Ottmar Leibert (spelling?)  Latin jazz in the background, quiet enough so you hold a conversation without having to raise your voice.    A thoroughly inviting a place to sit, have a cool drink of your choice and add something with some heat from the kitchen perhaps more because you are in no hurry than due to hunger.  For the delicate gringo stomached among us, note that Fuego does mean "Fire", and there is a little - or more in nearly every dish I've tried.  None have been overwhelming but some did incite some internal conversation over self-induced gastric distress. For those similarly afflicted, a pink bismuth aqueous solution shooter may be the perfect preparatory aperitif.  It's worth it.    A surprisingly delightful, sophisticated find tucked behind Apollo's on 7th Street in a commercial area of 7th Street not otherwise particularly aesthetically appealing.  I was already a fan of Fuego Cityscape and this Fuego is all that and more.  More  upscale in offerings and prices as well, but watch for the frequent Groupon or similar offers online.  Maybe it was the hot day, the iced tea, and the cool, relaxed comfort of the dining room (not to forget the attentive service), but all in all on this day, this was bliss. 5 Stars.
My husband and I went to Fuego Bistro last night for restaurant week and had a great dinner. It was 8:00pm reservations so the weather was perfect. We sat on the patio where there was live music playing! The restaurant week menu can't be beat. Appetizer, Entrée, Dessert and Sangria all for $30.00 per person. The entrée itself would have cost 30.00, so the restaurant week menu is a great deal.  We had the empanada for appetizers and they were very tasty. For an entrée I had the Fuego pasta and my husband had the chili releno. We were both surprised at how large the portions were. 2 sides accompanied our meals and we both got the cornbread and I had mashed potatoes and he got the jalapeno corn.   Overall great food, great atmosphere and we will be going back very soon!
This place was pretty close to horrible. The food wasn't bad, although they drench everything in sauce, covering up the flavor of anything the meat/fish could taste like (maybe on purpose). Not to mention their food is overpriced for the quality & venue ambiance. Our waiter was one of the worst I've encountered. He should probable change occupations soon. he was lacking customer service & a personality. Autozone may be a better fit. My girlfriend asked our choices of sides and his response was "they're listed on the menu". Wow. He also treated us like criminals because we had a groupon. He didn't want to let me see my bill and once I seen it I noticed he charged me full price for my drink purchased during happy hour and said it was bc I used a groupon.... Although my entrée alone covered the $30 groupon...?? Felt like punishment. Lol. They also don't serve tacos after 6pm, weird! Oh, & the restroom Is disgusting, felt like I was at an auto repair shop.  I would NEVER return here or suggest this place. Stick to Fuego tacos & Fuego city scape!
We tried Fuego Bistro on a Saturday night. I have been hearing great reviews on this place and I finally bought a living social deal. I had made reservations in advance and we still waited about 25 mins to be seated, the host even forgot that we checked in. It seemed very busy that night and it's a small place to begin with so crowded as well. They may have been under staffed that night.  While we were waiting for our table we both had drinks, I had a coconut mojito and Javier had another specialty drink. They tasted great but there was very little alcohol in them, I would of liked some more in there for $10 per drink. Once we got seated we ordered and got our food, it came out faster than I thought considering how busy it was. Javier ordered the seafood Chile relleno with chipotle mashed potatoes and corn bread; I had the same sides with the cola pineapple soy short ribs. Our food was great and the portions were Huge. We had enough to take home and eat the next day. The food its self was so good I am willing to overlook the mishaps earlier in the evening. For dessert we had the Kahlua crème brulee, this is my favorite dessert and this one did not disappoint me.  We will be going back again but not anytime soon, this is another issue. They only have patio seating which I normally love, but not during the summer in AZ. So we will be back when the weather permits.
I've been here many times and have never given them any love on yelp, so here it goes.   This place rocks. It's a hidden gem in downtown phoenix which is at first almost annoyingly hard to find. However, when you do find it, you don't regret it!   Do yourself a favor and start off with a mojito. They make amazing mojitos. I have had the strawberry, mango, and original and all of them are good.   As far as their food, I've never really been disappointed with a meal there. The chili relleno is my personal favorite. They do it with fish and chicken and I remember both to be good. Try this place out on a day you are craving a mojito and you won't regret it!!
Food was excellent beyond my expectations! Because a lot of the food served here is also my cultural food I could say they had big shoes to fill and they did!!! Every plate was exquisite!! The atmosphere was wonderful for a family afternoon! We used a group on ( awesome!) waiter Kevin was fabulous, very resourceful and knowledgeable on the restaurants history! Great experience!   You may ask yourself then why not give 5 stars!! The only way to eat inside is by calling ahead of time for reservations! Something we didnt know. So we dined in the patio and although the weather was lovely the flies were very present!! It was difficult to enjoy such a lovely meal while fighting a brigade of flies!!
It's restaurant week (RW) and I like going to a posh location for RW. I get all dolled up in a dress and heels and my boyfriend wears button down shirt and slacks. Silly me, I was not really expecting a Bistro, for some reason I was expecting something fancier with white linen table cloths or something like that for the price point. I felt overdressed. Well the candlelight was a nice romantic touch.  We had a reservation and were seated immediately upon arrival at the corner table. There was live music on the patio which I always enjoy.  Our waitress was nice and attentive. The busboys were also on top of their job which was great, I hate having dirty plates just sitting there while I'm chatting. We ordered off the special RW menu which came with a glass of sangria. I tried the white sangria which was light and fruity. I ordered the tostada for an appetizer and the boyfriend had the empanada. Both were pretty tasty. For Course 2 the boyfriend got the steak and cheddar mashed potatoes and I got the Seafood Chile Relleno with yummy cream corn and the most delicious cornbread. Both meals were good, no complaints but the portions were huge, we didn't even finish half of our meals. I got them to go. But not before having dinner, I got the chocolate bread pudding and he got the Banana Burrito. I didn't like the Banana Burrito. The bread pudding almost tasted bland but that could because I had so many different flavors in my Course 2 dishes. Anyway, I think I am not that partial to latin food so maybe that's why everything was just A-OK for me, not spectacular. It was worth the try though.
This restaurant is my top pick on my favorite list of places to dine. Enjoyed a delicious meal with love ones for my birthday. Typically go for lunch and happy hour which are divine, but very impressed with dinner selections as well. Enjoyed the once a year  prix fixe featured during restaurant week (RW) with a 4 course offering of several options to choose from. The empanadas were very good, chile rellano comes with seafood but asked for chicken and they obliged, the cornbread casserole has bacon in it which should be listed on menu and I do not believe was. I do not eat pork  and since my son is a vegetarian when I shared a taste with him the waiter informed him it had bacon in it. No worries they replaced my side with the cheddar mash potatoes (scrumptious).  The only complaint is the feeling of being completely stuffed upon our departure. :-). Will continue to revisit all the Fuego locations to enjoy their Latin cuisine. However my favorite meals are the happy hour or lunch menu over dinner. The lunch menu is truly representative if Latin cuisine and the dinner more southwest style. Either way good eating.
I had the pleasure of going last night and let me tell you...it was FABULOUS! I has the Shredded Pork and my husband had the Sea Food Chile Relleno. They make the BEST Chipotle Cheddar Mash Potatoes and Corn Bread. Oh and I have to give it to them for the Banana Burrito. Not to mention they make a PHENOMENAL Margarita and  The Bosses Wife.   I'm looking forward to going again and again.  Thanks for the GREAT service too!
We went to dinner at Fuego Bistro last week.  It was a great night to sit out on the patio and have ourselves a quiet dinner with some delicious food.  If you've never been here before, its' tucked away off the street so it might be a little hard to find.  It's outdoor seating is set in a courtyard with indoor seating set in the building behind it.  We walked up to the hostess who was very warm and welcoming and she asked if we had a reservation.  We didn't, but she was still able to accommodate us.  She sat us next to the water fountain which was very relaxing.  We then were promptly greeted by our waitress who was extremely nice and a little playful.  I really liked that.  We ordered our drinks and then perused the menu.  We placed our order...  I had to do it. I had to have the Cola & Pineapple Soy Braised Angus Short Rib Roast.  When I got this, it was like heaven met earth!  SO tender and flavorful!  With your meal you are able to order 2 sides.  I had to have the cornbread and mashed potatoes.  The cornbread is amazing! So moist and the texture isn't like traditional cornbread.  The potatoes too were so yummy, I couldn't' stop eating them.  Yes my plate was pretty much a carb-fest, but sometimes you just have to do it.     If you're in the area, check them out sometime.  I know on the weekends they can get pretty busy, so maybe make a reservation to be safe.
After reading some good reviews we decided to buy a groupon for this place while in town for a week.  Excited to have drinks and dinner we made our way over after shopping in Scottsdale.  At first since it was dark the streets seemed a bit sketchy but as soon as we walked in the place was magical.  There were lights strung across the courtyard and live music playing in the restaurant.  There was limited seating indoors but the weather was pleasant so we sat outside.  The service was a bit slow and the dim to no lighting made it hard to read the menu but once we were able to see what we were ordering I decided to have the Fuego Seafood Chile Relleno : a signature dish; scallop,shrimp, and Mahi Mahi stuffed in a jumbo Pasilla pepper with a panko crust and a lobster chile cream sauce.  The food made the extra star on the rating.  Amazing and fullfilling to the max! The Chile was full of flavor and the side dishes could have easily been a dish on their own! The corn bread puts any other corn bread to shame and the mashed potatoes were the perfect creamy and extra kick with cajun flavor.  I'm glad we had this groupon otherwise would never had made our way to this hidden gem.
Ok-It pains me to have to take away a star. Dined here on Saturday. The service was really awkward and everything was a little off including the food which my dining companion noted did not "wow" him this time. I had to agree that mine was not quite as tasty as usual. I would have loved a second cocktail but our server disappeared so by that time our dinner was well over so we just decided to go somewhere else for that second drink. There were also two couples waiting for a table that just kind of loitered in our vicinity. It was strange being stared down for a table at Fuego. I am not willing to write Fuego off yet as I loved it so. I am really hoping it was just an "off" night. I don't think I can persuade my dinner date to go back there anytime soon but it is still on my list of faves.
This place is mediocre at best as there are a variety of other restaurants in the valley that are Latin influenced and might I add a hell of a lot cheaper, and shame on you guys for charging those ridiculous prices when your food isn't up to par. Ordered the empanadas and it was a complete let down, the meat was just a soggy mess and the sauce did not compliment the dish at all, I was afraid to order anything else so I just stuck with that. Another thing that was a let down was the margarita I ordered, who ever was the bartender come on, any bartender knows not to add regular table salt to the rim it just doesn't sit well and makes for a terrible drink. I will say that the staff was more than great and super friendly. Maybe and hopefully in the near future when you revamp the menu or lower your prices I'd be willing to give you guys another try.
There is nothing special about this place. The food and drinks are sub par and extremely over priced. Maybe they use "better" ingredients but that doesn't matter if they're poorly executed.      I wasn't extremely hungry but was in the area and my aunt gifted me a Groupon. Tried the margarita, mojito, empenadas and mash potatoes... Not once was I asked  if I was enjoying my food or drinks... Margarita was so salty I could barely finish it. Mojito without rum? Supposedly the menu is incorrect but disappointing none the less. Empenadas were okay until the chutney or whatever it is hits your tongue and ruins everything. Mash potatoes were good but they're potatoes...  I read in another review the owner suggesting that a customer take his business to Del Taco? Good advice! I'll definitely go to Del Taco over Fuego Bistro again.
One of my favorite places!  Great patio during "patio season".  Great drinks and friendly staff.  Always friendly and interesting food.
Amazing!  That's all I can say...  I had the seafood rejeno and my wife had the chicken.  Sides were green beans, chipotle mashed potatoes, corn bread and creamed corn (super spicy).  Everything was to die for.
So we were in the area and heard about this place, plus we had a Groupon so we decided to check it out..  Talk about a hidden location! lol. I figured it would be on a main street or something, but nope. lol. It was down some alley way. The ambiance and environment of the restaurant was kind of weird for me. You have the option of sitting outside or inside. When we walked in I felt like I was in Ikea. lol. It looked like a home decked out in Ikea. Everything from the lamps to decoration to seating. haha  We ordered the Reposado margaritas since they were on happy hour. Hello Tequila! Oh my gosh, it was definitely worth the $5! The food was actually reallyyyy good. I ordered the Fuego Pasta which comes with a special creamy sauce, chicken, mushrooms, sausage and tortillas. I really liked the sauce. Some of the dishes comes with sides that you can choose from. My boyfriend got the creamed corn side and corn bread and they were both delicious! The creamed corn had a hint of jalapeno in it. There was a kick to it but it was amazing!   Each entree is a bit pricey.. we're talking about $20 a plate but I thought it was worth it because it was quite delicious. Other then their hidden location I loved their food. Plus I love me some Mexican/Latin food. =)
I tried Fuego almost 2 years ago...hopefully it's better now.  They won awards for their mojitos so I  excited to try one. Yuck. Food was lukewarm and the mashed potatoes tasted like band aids. I don't know what band aids taste like but that would be my guess.
Entree portion sizes are generous. Cheddar mashed potatoes and the green beans were both delicious. I was disappointed in the waitress recommended braised short rib. Good flavor, but meat was a little dry and chewy. Not tender at all. Drinks and appetizers seem to be overpriced, but at happy hour are reasonable. The Reposado margarita tasted great, but didn't seem to have much alcohol and was served in a smaller glass with lots of ice. Empanadas as our appetizer were good, but not great. Lots of meat in a tasty sauce.  Plenty of options for happy hour and very cool that they let you combine happy hour prices with Groupon. My friend got the special, which was a chicken dish that I enjoyed more than my short rib. I love the concept of picking side dishes and portion sizes were great, but wish they had more healthy options. The green beans were just about it. The corn bread had actual chunks of corn in it, which I am not a big fan of. The service was very good. Ambiance is pretty solid too. Only drawback is the main dining area is slightly cramped. Would go again on another Groupon or special occasion otherwise just a bit too pricey regular dining. Overall, a nice experience.
Went for dinner last night and it put a huge smile on my face. I really wanted the Cola and Pineapple Soy braised short rib roast, but the special was a Rib Eye steak ($28) which we paired with the Empanadas  ($10)and Salmon Croquettes  ($11) for a wonderful dinner for 2 and leftovers enough for a steak sandwich today for lunch. I could eat a bowl of mash potatoes here.....probably the best I've had and the green beans....crisp and flavorful.   Just fabulous! This is a quirky place that has been around a while and why I have not dined here is a mystery to me. But this is a must CenPho restaurant. Can't wait to dine on the patio.
My hubby and I LOVE this place!  Great food and cocktails, cute and cozy outside seating, and great service!  Whatever you order, make sure you get the cornbread...Delish!  And the mussel appetizer is awesome.  Great dessert as well.  Just bought another Groupon so we can go back!
We came here for dinner when we visited Phoenix on July 4th weekend. It's a little hard to find because it's inside a little plaza. We didn't have reservation so we just seated in the patio. We were greeted warmly and they were very apologetic as to why we can't have a table inside.   Food: We ordered Empanadas which was beyond amazing! It's spicy but the right amount of spicy where you could still taste the filling. The sauce was phenomenal. Husband ordered their Carnitas plate and it was served in BIG portion. It was hot too which we loved. The meat was tasty and well seasoned.   If only I live in Phoenix, I'd be a regular at Fuego Bistro.
I'm embarrassed to say that I'd never heard of Fuego Bistro until last night. Now I'm a fan and I can't WAIT to dig into leftovers and go back again! The empanada app was delicious and a perfect portion. There was risotto special with seafood (that isn't always on the menu).... If this is a special when you're there, do yourself a favor and order it. Put the menu down, don't think about it again and order the risotto. Wow. Amazing. The Seafood Chile Relleno was equally delicious. Go on an empty stomach though - the dinner portions are HUGE!! But like I said earlier, I'm already excited for leftovers (I only finished about 1/3 of my dinner)!!   The staff was so nice and so much fun to be around. Our server was very attentive and super funny. The drink selection was quite unique with many drinks I've never even heard of and a pretty good wine list.   Like I said... GO ON AN EMPTY STOMACH! Portions are huge and so delicious it's difficult to stop eating even when you're full! :)
Excellent presentation, staff, serving size, atmosphere, 5 stars!! This was our first time and we really enjoyed it. Some of the best food we have had since moving to Phoenix three years ago. The portions were so big we will probably split an entree the next time we go.  We will be back soon, next time for happy hour!
The Yelp rating "As good as it gets" says it so perfectly!  Just had the Fuego Pasta w/ Shrimp and I was absolutely BLOWN AWAY!! After reading the other reviews I felt that I might be out of my comfort zone with the different styles of food that Fuego Bistro offers (I'm more of a  simpleton, Steak and Taters guy). Missy, the fabulous bartender/hostess/goddess, was most excellent in helping me decide between the Pasta and the Empenada and I was most most pleased with the suggestion.   Again, I don't think you can go wrong here. Local AZ business, great food, amazing staff, wonderful owner, the Feng Shui of this place really makes you feel at home! Kudos Fuego, kudos!
There's really nothing I can say that hasn't already been said except that this is going on my "Pissed at myself for not trying sooner" list. Hats off to Lisa E. for making me get my ass in here.  I knew where these guys were located but I had no idea how charming their set-up is with courtyard dining, the main dining room and bar, and the secondary room where we had dinner.   I was able to try the empanadas which were delicious while sipping on my first pomegranate mojito which was dangerously refreshing and delicious. Might have to "go home sick" from work some day around Happy Hour!  For my main I had their out-of-this world, mindblowingly awesome special which was seafood risotto: clams, mussels. calamari and shrimp cooked in butter with garlic and herbs, served up with soft, fluffy risotto and tomatoes. Too good for the common man.   It was SO good but there was so much of it that I couldn't finish it, which was nothing short of a tragedy. Our awesome server, Kevin promised to email me if they ever offer it again-apparently it is a rare item. I REALLY hope that they serve it again so because I will be there with bells on!!!! SO good......truly one of the best meals I've had in a while.  I got to try to sample Lisa's chocolate cake which had a chili sauce on it which had just a tad of a kick.....nice balance of sweet and savoury.  Anyway, from all the reviews I am not telling anyone anything they don't already know but I am very glad that I finally made it here. There service was so warm and hospitable that it really added immensely to the whole experience.  This is another one of those hidden gems that make me glad I live in Phoenix.
Fabulous food! We made a meal out of three appetizers.  The prawns with mango salsa were delicious.  The fuego salad was tasty with candied nuts, fresh tomatoes, and ripe avocados.  The vegetarian tostadas were spicy but good.
I was in town and once again looking for some good eats.  I was meeting a friend for dinner, saw all the great reviews for Fuego Bistro and suggested we check it out.  There aren't too may Latin American places that I've found in AZ.  So I was excited to try it.  We got there about 5:15pm.  When looking at the menu noticed that we got there right before happy hour ended.  We ordered the empanadas, cubano sliders, salmon croquette and a salad.  Plus a glass of sangria.  When the food arrived it looked so good!  Wow the flavor was amazing!   Our server was very attentive as well as the wait staff.  Our drinks we're never empty.  The ambiance was very relaxing.  Music playing but not so loud that you cant hear each other.  I think the only negative was that they didnt have coffee.  According to our server they usually dont make coffee during the summer time since it is so hot.  When I have dessert at a restaurant I like a coffee.  I think coffee should always be available.  Maybe even make it to order.  I'd give this place 4.5 stars if I could.  I'll definitely be coming back next time I'm in town.
My mom and I came here for lunch and just loved it!  We sat outside in the courtyard, which has a relaxed, "wabi-sabi" feel to it; nice, cozy and not concerned with being perfect. The place was clean and well-kept and it seems that the owners care.  I loved the Cuban style of everything and thought it was pulled off beautifully. From the signature empanadas appetizer to the Cubano sandwich to the ancho chile chocolate torte, everything was fresh, delicious and--most importantly to me--flavorful! I will definitely come back, probably during one of their jazz nights.
There are few dining experiences in which I could say were amazing, Fuego Bistro was definitely one of them.  The food blew me away, I mean really really blew me away.  It was freaking phenomenal hands down so yummy!!!!   I mean If I knew the world was ending tomorrow I think I would pick this place for my last meal then I would take nap and die happy man.    I ordered the filet mignon (medium)  It was cooked to perfection the meat was so deliciously tender melted in my mouth.  As a side order I included the Jalapeno Corn Bread and the Mash Potatoes,  It was by all means a new edgy spin on comfort food.    Location is small and intimate, family owned, cute patio, perfect for a date or couple of friends.  The staff was great, greeted with a genuine smile.  Our waitress, a blond gal with curly hair was awesome, attentive and made excellent suggestions.  Can't wait to come back for more!!!!!
Beyond tasty! We had a groupon and decided to try Fuego Bistro for the first time. Had never heard of it before. Whoa! Each item we had was so unique and beyond regular fare taste that our taste buds were at attention!  Food: We ordered Empanadas which had a tender crusty outside and a tasty center which included ground beef, cheddar cheese, black bean, corn, peppers, onions, and roasted Anaheim chilis served with a homemade chipotle BBQ sauce which was a spicy sweet taste. Yum! We both ordered the Pernil Asado which is pork roasted until it's so tender and very juicy that it falls apart. No knife required. 2 homemade tortillas and an orange habanero mojo sauce are included. The mojo sauce is so tasty we used every last drop. The entrees come with 2 sides so we tried 1. Green Chili Cornbread Casserole which is so moist and the best corn bread I've ever had. 2. Chipotle Cheddar Mashed Potatoes which have a smoky unique flavor.   One thing I can say is bring your appetite because there's lots of food. This is a real comfort meal!
Wasn't hard to find at all, my boyfriend found it quickly. Love the whole atmosphere.  The lighting and all that was romantic.  Super cute.    I got the vegetarian tostadas. Ehhhhh. It was just like salsa and dip basically.  Spicy, which I love. But still.. ehhh.. lolz.  I was so bummed though. :( because my boyfriend ordered the fuego pasta, with chicken on the side (so we can share because im a vegetarian. And the waiter knows that. )  the food came looking super delicious, as I was going to take a bite. There was sausages in it.............. um okay. The waiter didn't say anything about sausages in it knowing we were going to share.  :( booo.    The bill came out. It was $35.74. I had a Groupon, so end up paying $5.74. :D I just left a $20.   Other than that. My boyfriend like his pasta.  Lolz.
Fantastic food, but a little pricey.  I grew up in the neighborhood, but after all these years I FINALLY sat down to dine at this place.  My family took me here for my birthday.  Would've sat outside, but a monsoon rolled through so we settled for interior accommodations with a view of the bar.  Being a newbie, I pretty much stuck to anything on the menu that said "signature" on them.  So started with their "signature" empanadas.  Wow, were those awesome.  Almost look like a meat turnover, but packed with flavors across the board.  Also went with their "signature" pulled pork.  Grabbed their cheddar chipotle mashed potatoes and green beans too.  The pulled pork was tender as can be.  The orange sauce that came with it was sweet, but had an almost ferocious spiciness to it that caught me be surprise.  The mashed potatoes were excellent and I used those to absord the meat juices leftover.  The green beans were good, but nothing special.  Washed it all down with a red sangria.  As mentioned earlier, the prices were on the steep side.  The empanada appetizer was $10 and the pulled pork was $25.  Including sangria, tax, and tip, it was about $60 for my whole meal.  I definitely left full and the service we got was excellent, but still pricey.  I know for a fact they participate in Restaurant Week and usually charge about $30 for a three course menu (including drink), so if you're looking to save a few bucks and take this place for a test drive, that would be a good time to try.  If money isn't an issue, you can't go wrong with this place.  Great Latin American flavors abound and the sides and appetizers are great too.  I'll definitely be back at some point down the road.
Lunchtime on a Wednesday, four of us and I only saw one other table of 2 come in.  Maybe it was the monsoon weather, but it was sweltering!  Cute, warm colored walls and original artwork. It could have used some fans.  I think we would have sat outside if it wasn't so hot.   I ordered the Cubano sandwich.  Lot of really good roasted pork!  I opted for beans and rice over fries. Both were nicely seasoned and the rice was good (it can be really bad at some places) Huge portions and our server was super friendly and relaxed and kept my water glass filled.   Desserts all sounded to heavy.  Might be nice to go in the evening and have coffee and something.   Triple check directions, it's off the main street and parking is common to other businesses in the court.
This place is awesome! Love the setting, love the lighting, and the food is to die for! The only problem I have is that when you have a big party, you can't split the checks... You have one bill and take all the credit cards... It doesn't make sense.. I'm supposed to be enjoying my food and company but yet I have to sit there and calculate how much each person owes plus tip plus tax? They didnt even do it for you... or offered.. We're in 2013... I would go back but only if its for a party of two...
Love love love this place! Highly recommend the food and the service is amazing!  We tried this place on a living social deal and it was a bit tucked away and hard to find but totally worth the find. Portions are big and food is delicious! Will definitely be our go to place in the future!
I was hoping for more out of this place :( I don't think I will be returning for a round 2. Place could work on its service a little.
OMG!! So happy to have found this sweet little  restaurant. As others have mentioned, it's somewhat tucked into a little hole In the wall courtyard shopping center, but that only adds to the charm. We went for restaurant week and the food was amazing and the service was great!  We're already planning our next trip back.
CAUTION TO YELP REVIEWERS: within 24 hrs. of posting this review, I received a "private" message from the owner. He castigated me for using a public forum. However, that is the purpose of Yelp. I have posted both excellent and poor reviews.  I feel he preferred privacy because his message was not only poorly written and full of misspellings - he was nasty and unprofessional to the point of being abusive. After scanning the 44 filtered reviews, it is clear that others have had similar experiences with this guy.  He has been reported to Yelp corporate. The length of it prevented me from cut/pasting it here. In the interest of full disclosure: I did not realize at the time the steak was comped and mailed an additional $10 tip to our server a few days later - but the owner thinks WE should be embarrassed???? - yet he admitted that steak was in a puddle of maple syrup. I have been "ordered" not to step foot in any of this guys establishments. No problem. i certainly would not even feel safe in doing so!!! The owner states he was upset that we left upset. We didn't - we smiled and thanked all. He wasnt "upset" - it was a temper tantrum. He states he is not "obligated to smile and suck up to" us. I did apologize at my tendency to give "tips". I used to teach Culinary Arts, and including tips was habit, but at the same time presumptuous of me. This owner also blathered his team's affiliation with the owner of the Barrio Cafe, Silvana Esparza - who we know (although he did not know her first OR last name correctly). Because of his demeanor, I thought she should know her name was being used by this individual and the entire unedited communication has already been sent to her via email. Further, a "new" Yelp member (0 reviews/comments) has accessed my messages [after I blocked the owner] and continued the rant......thinking I would not recognize the familiar syntax and complete lack of punctuation.  ORIGINAL REVIEW: I notice the ratings here are either very good.....or very bad. That was our experience here - massive inconsistency. We had been wanting to come here for some time and took advantage of one of the local deals. The patio is lovely and our greeting was friendly.  The mango mojito was the best I've had since Puerto Rico and the Salmon Crouquettes were delicious - flavorful and just the right crispness and spice.  Our dinners were more than disappointing. My husband's steak - ordered medium rare - arrived well done and chewy/tough. I can't remember when we sent something back....it's been years. But we spoke to the waiter and he took it back. That meant we both ate from my dinner - an evening special of blackened Mahi Mahi. I've had Mahi blackend many times, and this wasn't discernible as being blackened or flavorful at all. For one thing, I've never seen blackened fish with the skin left on. The Mahi "steak" is a firm fish - supposed to be rubbed with spice on both sides and seared quickly at a high temp.  The creamed corn was watery and bland. (Use heavy cream - not milk...and thicken).  My husband's 2nd steak arrived nearly raw and swimming in a 1/4 inch puddle of maple syrup. The syrup was no doubt spooned over the maple-chipotle carrots at the other end of the large plate, Come ON!! The idea is to GLAZE the carrots. Drizzle the syrup over the carrots and shove that plate under the salamander to carmelize.  Eeeeeyuk - especially since the steak was smothered in onions, peppers, etc.  My husband ate a few bites from the outer edges. The cheddar chipotle mashed potatoes were the best item on either one of our plates, but only the top of the potatoes could be sampled, as they had also sponged up the maple syrup. Our waiter was very good - professional and friendly. He was very apologetic about the steak and I always feel sorry when the waitstaff has to take complaints back to the kitchen (I've been in that situation).  My husband, an excellent grill master, remarked that whoever was on their grill just was not confidant at judging the "doneness" of the meat. From the look on our waiter's face, it appeared that he already knew  this. Steak is simple and if their grill manager isn't confidant.....use a thermometer. We passed on dessert, and because of the special (an Amazon Local) - our bill wasn't painful. Had there been no discount on the bill, we probably would have asked that my husband's meal be refunded and ordered another round of the salmon crouquettes.  All in all, this felt like a place that just opened and doesn't have their act together and hasn't bothered to clean up the "details."  - like the type-written drink menu that says their  house Margarita contains rum. (Huh??) How hard is that to fix? And their bartender - who knows nothing about tequila.  And why was their restaurant sign tilted up against the wall and not out front at 6:00 on a Saturday? This experience was like one of those TV shows where someone needs to go in and decorate, organize, and teach.
I don't know what all the whining's about - my friend and I just got back from a fabulous Restaurant Week meal at Fuego Bistro and we were both very pleased. I had an excellent New York strip and those chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes are to die for. Good food, relaxing patio atmosphere, great service, and yes, the owner swung by our table and greeted us without incident. I'll definitely be back.
Great service with authentic South American food. Fish taco is awesome
Purchased a Groupon deal for Fuego Del Mar while in Phoenix for this weekend but ended up here per the owner's suggestion as Del Mar is closed for a wedding reception. The host is pleasant but our server is snooty and the taste of their food do not justify their pricing. We're from CA and dined at places that charges this much but tasted way better than this. We were in Albuquerque (El Pinto) and Santa Fe (Taberna La Boca) the weekend before and had excellent food but didn't pay this much.
Another Phoenix restaurant getting away w/ poor customer service, sub-par food, high prices and A HORRIBLE HOST.  RESERVATIONS--I made reservations for my boyfriends sisters birthday last night (9/24/13). She had a Groupon and we've both been wanting to try out this restaurant for a while. I called to make reservations, no one answered during open hours. I called again, no answer. I went online and found a number to text your reservations. I got a response back very quickly "got it".  When we arrived, we were seated at the table nearly in the entrance hallway. Probably the worst table. (People from the dance studio were sweeping the dust and dirt from the dance floor out their back door right next to our table--gross!) No one mentioned the birthday the whole dinner. Clearly a lack of communication w/ the reservation line. The worst part was when I mentioned our disappointment w/ our experience to the XL host at the front, he was not empathetic in the slightest way. I made a comment about having a Groupon and the host used it against me saying "well that's the type of service you get when you use a Groupon".--Oh REALLY? I couldn't believe he said that. Our service was actually good. It was him that was dreadful to communicate with.. I mentioned something about the birthday, and he said "we don't do anything special for birthdays". I asked if they knew how to at least say happy birthday, and he snidely said "we'll happy birthday!" - I told him it wasn't my birthday, it was someone else's in our group. A group of people came up and he changed his attention to helping them so I walked away. He then yelled at me to come back that he wasn't done talking I me. I was done talking to him when he changed his focus to the other group--he clearly has no customer service skills.  FOOD--the only thing they have right is taste. Total lack of attention to textures. Food comes out of the kitchen sloppy. Overcooked carrots, under-cooked cornbread. Cornbread was sitting in a puddle of juice from the carrots when I got my plate making it extra soggy. Empanadas were fantastic. Pulled pork was good, nothing special. Steak had lots of tendons/cartilage. Topping on the steak was great. Great classic margarita.  I will NOT be going back. NOT worth the money.
Decided to ride my bike to one of my favorite neighborhood restaurants for happy hour & the BEST raspberry mojito made by one of THE best bartertenders in town. I had the chicken street tacos which are very fresh & stuff with a lot of chicken & veggies & just the right amount of spice to compliment the tacos. This a great place for happy hour or a nice dinner. Friendly & knowledgable staff and great food.
My Mom took me here while visiting her. It's an adorable little place with a nice patio and very nice staff. It's apparently hard to find if you don't have a GPS, but most people do these days so no sweat.  The food was AWESOME!!!! It was some of the best food I've had in a long time. Everything was perfect and very filling. I ordered the carnitas tacos with rice and beans. The carnitas were slow cooked for a few days with various spices. OMFG, yes please. The rice and beans, generally a side that are NBD, were soooo yummy. I could eat that combo everyday. Seriously. That sauce on the tacos was delish too.  The rest of the trip I talked about how good the food was and how I wanted to go back. Sadly it was too far from my Mom's place. Next time it's on!!  I'd also like to casually mention that Yelp may or may not still have a $5 for $10 deal for it. Even better!
I know most people are not going to agree with this review, but this is just an okay place in my book.  First the positives, greta tucked away location, cozy, had some live music playing which was really nice.  You don't find that often.  Service was amazing, and very attentive.  It was our first time here and we went with a group of four and we had a plan to sample as many things as possible, which is what we did.  For me, the food was not that great (except the cornbread and jalapeno corn sauce).  That was YUMM.  But the new york steeak, for me was not marinated or flavored much, and when I can grill something better at home myself, I can't give a shout out.  The bbq pork sliders I had two bites and left the rest.  Margarita's suprisingly were not ever good either.  I tried to doctor them up, but was not a fan of these either.   That being said, my wife liked the nachos and the chicken, but my other friend Jess didn't care for her fish (which she said was dry).  At any rate, cool place, and like I said, I know people will disagree and tastebuds differ, but I don't see myself making a huge effort to go back anytime soon.  I do give them a shoutout in general as I said its a great place to hang out, but that is as far as I can go.  Have fun, and find your sizzle!  Attorney Steve, the business and real estate lawyer. http://www.attorneysteve.net
I had a groupon to this place so a few friends and decided to check it out.  This place is tucked away in a little courtyard building near some dance studios..great ambiance on the patio and quaint dining area inside.  Service was spot on. First I ordered their house made white Sangria.. Was refreshing and delicious.   I decided to get their signature dish after eyeing some of the other customers getting it. Was a HUGE Panko breaded pasilla pepper stuffed with mahi mahi, shrimp and scallops.. I mean really how can this not be amazing and sure enough it was..but just as amazing was the green chile corn bread and cheddar mashed potatoes sides..OMG.  Servings are huge and you won't leave this place hungry.. 20-28 dollar entrees for dinner but you get what you pay for.  Four of us decided to split the banana burrito topped with ice cream and whipped cream and chocolate.. If I died right there I would have died a happy man.. So definitely check this place out for some good Latin inspired comfort food. The server handed us all cards for a free entree when you buy one so we will be coming back.
I gotta lotta love for Fuego Bistro... While visiting familia in Phoenix they raved about this restaurant & since we were on holiday time, strolled in around 3:00 for lunch. We were heartbroken to learn from the gracious kitchen staff that they were closed btw lunch & dinner. Seeing our disappointment he agreed to cook & serve us if we didn't mind his broken English. I love an adventure & my sweet BIL speaks un poquito Espanol;) Our party of 6 was served one of the best meals ever. I had the shredded pork.... Similar to carnitas but juicy, my husband the empanadas. We all shared 2 orders of the mussels which were insane. And my 10 yo, an enchilada aficionado, claimed it was his very best enchiladas EVER.   Cool little authentic joint w/ fantastic service & food. I highly recommend.
This place is a gem to the valley awesome service cool scenery and most important great quality & great tasting food very impressed will be back for sure.
On the recommendation of a friend, we decided to try Fuego Bistro.  We were pleasantly surprised, to say the least.  The restaurant is comfortably small, with patio seating and a handful of tables inside.  They had a full bar with various liquors and a good wine selection.  We tried their red sangria, which was really flavorful and not too sweet.  I ordered the pernil asado with cheddar mashed potatoes and green chile cornbread.  The plate was huge and gave me enough food to take home for lunch the next day.  My boyfriend had the chile relleno with creamed corn and cornbread.  Both of our dishes were very flavorful and tasty.  We also tried the banana burrito for dessert, which was perfect!  I couldn't have asked for a better tasting meal.  The service was very warm and attentive.  We had a groupon, which helped with the bill, as it was on the pricier side (average $20-25 a plate).  It still would have been worth it to me.  They even gave us a BOGO flier after we paid!  I will definitely be back.
We really like Fuego Bistro. It has one of the best patios in Phoenix, the staff and host are awesome, and the food is spot on. They have a great wine list and the short ribs is one of the best dishes in Phoenix. When the little lady and I dine at Fuego, we always share the short ribs and the pork. For sides, I get the cornbread and mashed tatters, she gets the tatters and green beans. The one downside is this is what we always get. We really like this combo, but we haven't really found anything else we like. We have tried almost all their other entrees, and several specials but haven't found anything we would order again. With that said, I would recommend the short ribs to anybody, anytime, over most all other Phoenix restaurants.
3.5 Stars. Came here for restaurant week and everything was pretty good!  Got the Cola and pineapple soy braised short rib with jalapeño creamed corn, Chipotle Cheddar Mashed Potatoes, and the taco appetizer. Didn't like the tacos, but I tried my fiance's empanadas and I wished I had ordered that. The shortrib was very tender and flavorful I would totally order this again, as well as the side dishes. My fiance ordered the ribeye, it was yummy was cooked perfectly. Everything was delicious but very heavy and buttery so I could only eat 1/4 of my dish before I got full and a little sick lol. I tried my friends green beans too, very tasty even thought it was just green beans.   We all alternated and got the red and white sangria, both were tasty but the red was definitely stronger. I was really looking forward to the horchata bread pudding and was really disappointed. I was expecting a cinnamon explosion but I couldn't really taste the "horchata" in it and it was more of a bread than bread pudding... it was super dense and not very moist. Maybe they were having an off day? I did however try my fiances kahlua creme brulee and it was delicious. Make sure to order this for dessert!  The restaurant itself is kind of in a random residential area, the indoor part is small but the outdoor patio is spacious. We came wiht a big group for restaurant week so we had to sit outside. It's a little awkward though because the restaurant is surrounded by other buildings, including a kid's dance studio. So we had kiddos dancing and watching us while we stuffed our faces...yeah it sort of killed the ambiance. There was a live singer there though so that was nice touch.   I'll probably be back to try more items on the menu, but we will sit inside this time!
Amazing amazing food. Ordered the veggie tacos, empanadas, nachos and pork tacos. All very very good. The patio is happy hour ALL the time. Great pre/post event eats!
Best value for happy hour in town.  The appetizers are a good size for the money and are not a step down in quality.  You can't beat a pork quesadilla, a piece of key lime pie and 2 margaritas for a little over $20.
This place was great.  The outdoor patio was so cute and cozy, you never would have guessed we were in Phoenix, so quiet.  Food was great and the manager/hostess was a trip to trip to talk to.  I will come back when i'm in the Phoenix area again.
This was a great spot found by little sisters boyfriend. He saw it on groupon and did the research on Yelp and we ended up going as a group of 6. First off, their happy hour looks worth it in itself, but the dinner and drink menu is great.  They are very tucked away, so it took us one time circling to find it. I liked this aspect of it because when you do find it, its quiet from the road and it makes for a really cute patio.  We started with drinks - mom got the prickly pear mojito, dad got the blood orange (everyone's favorite), sister got the white sangria, boyfriend had a margarita, and little sisters boyfriend got a regular mojito (I was boring with white wine). All of the drinks were good and strong.  Boyfriend had the short rib for dinner and man was that good! Dad and little sisters boyfriend had the pernil asado, which aside from the short rib was everyone's favorite. The flavor was slightly smokey with an all spice or cinnamon after taste which was just delicious. Little sister had the special of the night which was a sea food risotto (odd for a Mexican restaurant but no one will complain about some good fusion). Mom had the seafood chile relleno and loved it and I went with the chicken. Everything was delicious but I think I would go back for the short rib or pernil asada for sure. All of the sides were great, green beans, creamed corn, cornbread, carrots - YUM.  What I loved was the happy service along with the great food. We even got a little coupon for the next time we come in and we will be there sooner rather than later -especially to try the big happy hour menu.
Short ribs were excellent, along with chipotle mashed potatoes.  A little hard to find, but worth it.
We have no shortage of Mexican Food joints in the Phoenix area. Some would say we maybe have too many. However, as an avid Mexican Food fan, I can't ever have enough. I will say, though, that some tend to be the same old story, with slight tweaks. Example? The burrito at Garcia's tastes a lot like the one at Manuel's. Don't even get me started on Macayo's...  However, Fuego Bistro is that breath of fresh air that we Mexican Food lovers have been waiting for. Everything is fresh, unique, and absolutely fantastic. The first time I came here, I tried the pernil asada, a tender, shredded pork dish that beats any carnitas-style dish I've ever had. The crisp, sweet red cabbage that they serve with it and other dishes is so amazing that even I eat it, and I typically hate cabbage.   Then there's the happy hour. Cheap prices on wonderful food, to include the Cubano Sliders. Oh my goodness, were these something to die for. They go quite well with a cold Modelo with lime too, by the way.  Prices run a bit high, but the lunch menu offers a bit of a break, and happy hour of course is very reasonable. In all, you won't be disappointed here. If anything, you'll be thankful for a fresh take on a cuisine that has become rather saturated into the Phoenix area. My kudos to the chef, staff, and owner of this fine dining establishment.
This place is phenomenal. It's tucked away so be sure not to miss it as you drive by! Their patio is beautiful at night and they sometimes have live music. Anyway, their food is absolutely amazing. I am a vegetarian and they have an incredible off-menu item; veggie enchiladas. A little spicy but perfectly delicious.   We've been there a few times and have always had a great experience. Service has always been wonderful. Nothing to complain about. Definitely try this place. I'll certainly be back.  A note to vegetarians, their cornbread has bacon in it. But if you're not vegetarian, it sounds like it would be a mistake not to order it. Everyone raves about it!
We tried this restaurant because of all of the good reviews. We went in the early afternoon and they had 1 person taking care of everyone. We were there for about 5 minutes before we even saw the employee. It isn't bad food, but for the price and from the reviews we were disappointed. I had the Enchiladas. they were cooked well, but the flavor was there. Bland. Not a good thing when the most flavorful thing on the plate is the rice. We won't be returning.
Amazing food! Unexpected, but wonderful flavors. Excellent service! Steak was legendary and chocolate torte divine.
Amazing meal tonight.  The food has an amazingly delicate quality. Dying under the stars, listen to good music and enjoy.  I love the Empanadas appetizer. Oh yeah the people are great too.
The BEST of the Fuego chain. A real treat and enjoyed it very much. A pleasant hidden secluded location, live music, great service and delicious food. Ive bee to every Fuego and this one is by far the best of all. Go when there is live music and sit on the patio if you can.. a really great unknown spot.. Id take anyone from out of town here to show them how Phoenix does it..
For me, this has to be the best casual place to have lunch or dinner in Phoenix. The chile relleno they serve at lunch is amazing, but the seafood chile relleno is beyond amazing! I mean, I dream about it sometimes lol. I love stopping by for lunch when the weather is perfect, like it was today (it reminded me of being back in Orange County) and eating out on the patio. Oh, and the corn bread...oh my goodness, the corn bread. That has to be the best side dish you can get this side of the Milky Way. I've gone through about half of their menu and I'm telling you that there is no way you can go wrong with anything there. Their cocktails are really good too, and I love the names they give them. Had the "Boss' Wife" today and it was very tasty. This is one of those places one should absolutely check out. If you're a local, there is no reason not to come here often, and if you're in town for a day or so and want to go back home bragging about the best food you ever had, this is the place to come. Regardless what you order, I absolutely, without a doubt, recommend that you order the cornbread side with your meal.
The food was delicious ! The waiters were very polite and well comforting . It was worth the drive .... (Dont let the front of the place scare you ) :)
This peaceful, hidden, romantic and unique resturaunt is tucked away in a beautiful garden patio like plaza. I have never had an under 5 star experience here. The food is perfected and is a mouthful of flavor no matter what you get. My favorites are the chipotle mashed potatoes and the jalapeño corn bread paired with the ancho chile rubbed steak. In the evening time they have live music that adds a romantic touch with tables that are candle lit. The staff are very attentive and always make sure your having the best dining experience possible. The only shock is for two people without any coupons the bill will easily be about $100. It's well worth it!
the CRYING BABIES were awful, this is not a place for kids at all.  We left, it was not a great atmosphere
This place is phenomenal!!! I bought a groupon and ventured over here to check it out for the first time. The food was outstanding and they had a very nice outdoor patio seating area with an awesome acoustic duo playing music. Very enjoyable. I highly highly recommend this place!!!
We ordered the seafood relleno. it was amazing! it came with chipoltle cheddar mashed potatoes and cornbread. Also amazing. We sat at the bar and the bartender, Steve, was very friendly. A definite must go!
This restaurant is tucked away but definitely worth finding.  There is a small courtyard with various tables, as well as what appears to be two or three separate indoor seating areas.  Interesting artwork is available for purchase on the walls.  We were promptly and courteously seated, but I did notice that when I had called earlier to make the reservation, I had been asked if we preferred outside or inside seating.  I chose outside, and we were promptly seated inside!  This was no big deal, and we were offered a table outside if we wanted.  Our waitress was friendly and efficient, and the food was excellent, with huge portions.  Make sure to save room for dessert!  The only hiccup was really not the restaurant's fault - their internet was down so they couldn't use the credit card terminal machine.  This created a bit of confusion and significantly slowed down paying the bill.  Despite the fiasco, our server remained calm and polite, even though she was not particularly thrilled about us splitting the bill.  In summary, I do recommend giving this place a good look and enjoy a mojito while you're there!
Wasn't impressed. The food tasted like it was sitting in warming bins, in particular the mashed potatoes. Dishes are way overpriced for what you get. Now I understand why they have a Groupon.
Food and service, 4 stars. Location and prices, 3.  First, we had a hard time finding this place, it is definitely not what we were expecting. Once you get there it is not as bad, but it is tiny and it feels kind of crowded. The menu is very creative, but the dinner prices are a tad to high for a small place like this in this location. You can easily go over a hundred (including tip) for a dinner for 2 (no alcohol, yes to dessert) We had the Fuego pasta and the Angus short ribs. The short ribs with a side of jalapeno cornbread (these guys bring cornbread to a whole new level) and chipotle mashed potatoes.  I thought they were really good, I was not so crazy about the pasta but my hubby liked it.  We shared a Kahula Creme Brulee $9 (Big typo in the menu, I believe it was Kahlua), it was so so, I did not love it. No Kahlua on my creme brulee next time : )  Service was great. We may be back, if we are even in that neighborhood : )
One of my favorite new restaurants in Madison. A varied (warning to vegans: carnivore heavy!) menu with pleasant service and simple food that's clearly been made with care.  I've never been to South America so I can't make any claims on authenticity but we had a great meal that was something different from the standard ethnic fare.
This place is simply awesome.  The civiche is incredible!  The only civiche I have had that compares was prepared by a local Panamanian woman on Boca Brava in Panama, but I digress.  All the other reviews go into great detail about this place and are very accurate.  I would also like to mention the service is fantastic.
When my well traveled cousin came to visit in Madison before departing for the Peace Corps (2 years in rural Guatemala) I scrambled to find a dining experience ethnic enough for her tastes.   I actually heard a lot about this place and since I didn't know what Peruvian was, I took that to mean it would more than suffice.  I used to dine at this location quite frequently as a freshman when it was a hole in the wall Chinese restaurant, so I was amazed at how the interior was turned around.  We had dinner here and the candle light bounced warmly off the yummy mango colored walls.  We were led to a cozy corner of the restaurant and was greeted by an attentive server.  Not sure what to order, we asked his opinion and discovered his thorough knowledge of the menu.  I ended up ordering the lamb while my cousin opted for the seafood dish and a chicken cheese dish.    We ate how we were raised--sharing en trees--and I found each plate to be delectable.  The lamb was so succulent, each bite so rich and hearty my mouth watered for more.  The seafood dish (which was recommended) was done to perfection--shrimp plump and juicy, King Crab legs already cut.  My favorite was the chicken dish which had an interesting cheese crumb outside layer.  The sides made out from corn were rich in flavor.    Overall this was quite an interesting dining experience.  I've been having pangs for the chicken and surprisingly the lamb ever since.  Though I'm not familiar with Peruvian cuisine, my taste buds tell me this is as true as it gets!
We moved here from San Francisco a few months ago and were sad once we realized there were no Peruvian restaurants whatsoever (it's one of our all time favorite cuisines) in Madison until we read the Isthmus last week.  We were jumping up and down for joy when we read about Inka Heritage!  We've been absolutely spoiled being able to eat at a number of Peruvian restaurants in San Francisco from Fresca, Destino, Limon, Mi Lindo Peru but Inka definitely takes the cake!  The restaurant is located on S. Park St.  The building looks like it may have been an old diner at one point - I think it's because of the Inka Heritage "Pepsi" sign on the building.  However, the interior of the restaurant looks nothing like a diner.  It has the look and feel of a new restaurant with bright mango/orange colored walls, a few paintings and Incan art.  APPETIZER Ceviche - sea bass cut into small chunks marinated in lemon/lime juice and chilies and toped with slivered red onions.  It also came with a thick slice of yam or sweet potato and some hominy (really big corn kernels).  They asked if we wanted hot or mild and we said HOT!  It was incredibly delicious!  DINNER Lomito Saltado - tender pieces of steak strips sauted with onions, tomatoes, french fries, soy/peruvian sauce and served with rice.  This is a dish we get all the time and it was the best here (although, it could have used a bit more sauce).  Pescado a lo Macho - fillet of sea bass lightly battered and fried (but very lightly) served with a white wine sauce along with more seafood - calamari, shrimp, mussels and a piece of king crab.  The taste of this dish was amazing!  The fish was cooked perfectly and flaked off nicely.  I didn't even need to eat the rice it comes with because there was enough seafood to fill me up.  DESSERT Alfajores - delicious tender and thin shortbread sandwich cookies filled with dulce de leche (caramel condensed milk) covered with lots of powdered sugar and served with a few drizzles of chocolate sauce and fresh whip cream around the plate.  OMG!  I couldn't stop thinking about this dessert for the rest of the weekend!  WE ARE DEFINITELY GOING BACK!  AND YOU SHOULD TOO!  KEEP THIS PLACE IN BUSINESS IT'S A GEM!  Also, the prices here are very reasonable.  Dinner for two (all of the above including a glass of wine each) was under $50 (before tip)! :)
I went to Inka Heritage for lunch, and it was excellent.  Upon sitting down, the waitress brought the white-board sign on a stand from the front of the restaurant and plopped it down in front of us.  She was friendly, but I guess she thought it would be easier for us to read the specials instead of having her explain them!  Among one of the lunch specials, we tried a soup, which was great.. chicken, cilantro, peas, corn, carrot, and other yummy stuff!  (I can't remember what else was in it).  We also had the Lomo Saltado which was pieces of very tender beef with tomatoes onions, rice, and french fries with an awesome sauce.  Very tasty!  In addition, we shared a "Choritos a la chalaca", five muscles served with a cilantro-lime tomato salsa in the shell.  MMMMM!!!  Overall, the interior was nice, and the waitress was attentive and happy.  It was a very cold and snowy day (Here on vacation from California) so I didn't get the best overall picture. Sorry!
Rare for me, but i think I can get on the raving band wagon for this place. I had a lovely Thursday night dinner with my boyfriend. We had a early dinner (around 6:30pm) so the place wasn't crowded at all. We were immediately seated and received cordial service throughout the evening.   I had a very rich coconut + seafood broth based soup. Delicious. It's one of those dishes i never knew existed, and perhaps never can recreate in my own kitchen. Loved it. My boyfriend had a dish with lots of different seafood ...sorry, forgot the name. But I do remember that was also nice dish.   The price of the main plates are around mid-teens. Maybe it's slightly higher than the surrounding Park st establishments, but i thought it's worth it. I would repeat here again :)
So finally we went to Inka....I can't tell you how long I have wanted to go there! We had heard only good things about the place. There's only 1 thing that kept us away for so long and why I probably will not return soon. That's also the reason I will take off a star: LOCATION. S. Park is not my first choice for fine dining or any kind of dining, unless I am in the area and really hungry! Call me snobbish, but I live on the near-west side of Madison and only like to go downtown or west for my culinary escapades. Having said that, we made the exception for Inka and did not come away unhappy - that says a lot about the restaurant!  On the inside, the restaurant is pretty cozy and lively with mango-colored walls and some South American art. We happened to go at a time when they were hosting a party of 10 people who were clearly from South America. That's always a good sign when you see natives, right?   So we started with the fresh fish ceviche which was phenomenal. I can't vouch for the authenticity coz I am no Peruvian, but it was darn good. For entrees, I had the Lomo Saltado (excellent, 4.5 stars for being a little stingy with the sauce). The wife had Seco de Cordero (very tasty sauce, nice sides, 4.5 stars coz the lamb could have been a little more tender). We ended with the Mousse de Lucuma, a delectable creamy concoction using a Peruvian fruit of the same name.  All in all, a very enjoyable experience. I wouldn't place it with the stalwarts of Madison's "fine-dining", but definitely a must-go if you live/work in the area. I'd love it even more if they were in a different location....but that may be just me!
On my blurry weekend in Madison for a wedding, my friend recommended we try this Peruvian place.  Situated on the outskirts of campus, i was excited to sample the seafood fare, as Peruvians always do seafood right.  The inside is cozy and the service is quite friendly and quick.  I sampled the fish that the others ordered and it was very tasty.  Ceviche, also good.  My dish was pretty much a deep-fried trip around Peru.  Fried mussels, fish, shrimp, scallops, clams, and other critters that walk the ocean floor that i can't remember.  It was super heavy, super delicious, and frankly i might have had temporary vision loss.  It was quite the meal.  Also, the food is pretty cheap.  My entree cost a whole $12 dollars.  It pretty much allowed me to drop a bunch of cash on State St.  College bars rule.
Very authentic food and service.
Good food and a unique flavor in Madison. I've enjoyed all of my visits here and I hope to come back. I only wish they had more ways to get plantains! The flan was tasty for dessert. Hope to have the opportunity to expand this in the future.
My previously undiscovered love for Peruvian cuisine took flight with the first bite of my lomo saltado. arg. Soooooo much love. Want. More. Now.
Went with a friend during Mother's Day weekend. I ordered the Pescado A Lo Macho and mousse for dessert. It was fantastic. I've never had Peruvian before, so I wasn't sure what to expect. But it was delicious. Also, my friend ordered the flan for dessert, and it was amazing. Very smooth, not too sweet.  Service: Very nice. I'm terrible with decision making, but my waiter was good with recommendations and giving me enough time to make up my mind. Environment: Spacious restaurant, though it was mostly empty when I went. It looks much nicer on the inside than the outside.
The food is very tasty and unique.  I don't know how authentic the cuisine is but it is nice to get outside the Mexican/Chinese/Burger routine.  Plus you get to listen to Michael Jackson on pan flute in the background.
Yum!    The food here is super flavorful.  I ordered the Arroz con Pollo and the boyfriend had the Aji de Pollo, and we split a tilapia ceviche.    For the ceviche we had a choice of fish or seafood.  The fish ceviche was tilapia and the seafood included fish, shrimp, mussels, and squid.  The other seafood didn't excite me as much (if octopus was part of the seafood ceviche, then I would've gone for it), so we ordered the fish.  The waiter asked if we wanted it spicy which we did.  It came out very flavorful and well saturated in citrusy goodness.  I liked it but I would've liked a bit less lime.  I didn't feel like I got to taste much else but a spicy lime sauce.  The yams or pumpkin or whatever that came with it was soft and deliciously sweet and served as a great contrast to the ceviche, but I would've liked more of it.    My dish wasn't quite what I had expected.  I tend to think of arroz on pollo as a more chicken and rice cooked together kind of dish, but what do I know?  This was rice served with a grilled chicken, but it was a delicious green rice and grilled chicken.  The chicken was very tender and well cooked.  The rice was well flavored and the two complemented each other very well.  The presentation was also very exciting.  The dish also came with a green cilantro sauce that I poured over my rice.  It totally changed the flavor of the dish and definitely made for an exciting dining experience.     I found it reasonably priced.  For two entrees and an appetizer with tip, it came out to be 45 dollars.  The service was rather slow though.  They seem to be staffed with two waiters no matter how busy the restaurant is.  I've been there in the past when it was slow and the service was great.  When the restaurant was full, we had to remind the waiter to take our entree order and stood at the front of the restaurant for a while waiting to be greeted.    It's not in the best location in the world, but it's worth the trek.
ahhhh i love getting to pick the restaurant!!! no Out-back or Chili's when I pick, i think my team secretly likes that i am foodie who hates chain restaurants....(although they never admit it!!) I chose peruvian, i love peruvian and inka heritage did not disappoint. its off the beaten path in Madison (behind the capital) -  we went on a Tuesday night, needless to we were seated immediately (there were only 2 other parties).  the hostess was also the only server & she made all the drinks, so this made for a slow eating experience esp when more people arrived... I could not decide what to order (typical!) so i ordered a couple appetizers for a meal - the tamal...AMAZING!!! my fave - full of spices and even a hard-boiled egg, the yucca....a classic that I love!!, and an avocado filled with chx salad (the reina - i think)... typical, good but def not the tamal!! my dining companions both ordered the lamb - which was super tender and the flavor left you wanting for more! we also ordered wine and some cocktails... overall very very delicious and a cute little gem in madison!
Inka Heritage is about as good as it gets in international cuisine in Madison, the place to take out-of-friends to demonstrate to them (and ourselves) Madison's cosmopolitan charms.  Inka Heritage serves Peruvian food that is rich, hearty, unique and delicious.  It's very hard to go wrong.  My suggestions:  Drinks: Chicamorada ("purple drink") is a sweet, cool refreshment made from purple corn, and flavored with cinammon.  Tonight, we discovered pisco sour, a margarita-like cocktail - amazing!  Appetizers:  The classic dish is jalea, an assortment of deep fried seafood, served with a cilantro sauce.  The ceviche is pretty good, too.  Our daughters (and we) love yuccas a la huancaina - essentially, french fries made from yuccas and served with a rich white cheese sauce.  Entrees:  You must get paracas: filet of fish topped with shrimp, crab, cheese and white sauce, served on a bed of rice - absolutely incredible.  Be careful - it's a very filling dish.    The deceptively titled arroz con pollo sounds pedestrian, but this roasted chicken served on cilantro rice is wonderful.  One of my routine complaints about Madison restaurants is the "you're lucky I'm just barely interested enough to acknowledge your existence" service that is common in the just above-average places (I'm looking at you, La Brioche).  But this is simply not the case here, where the servers are friendly and responsive.  Also: ditch your kids and make it a date night.
I don't want to know how they got fish that fresh this far inland, seems unnatural but I don't care. The ceviche was amazing and perfectly spiced. The side salad was ok but nothing to get super excited about. I wish I  had ventured further on the menu, however I was dining solo and didn't want to gorge myself.
This restaurant serves the best fish as far as I am concern. The Pescado Inka Heritage (thanks to Art W review) dish is simply superb. There are so many ingredients on one dish yet it is not heavy. The whole combination is light and fluffy.   Went back another night to try Pescado a lo macho and Arroz Con Mariscos. I like the Pescado more than the other but they are both very good as well.  As for their appetizer, we tried both the ceviche and causa. The ceviche falls short of expectation as I like a more limey and refreshing taste. The one in Inka is only so-so. This is my first time trying causa and I think it is just ok. Would rather save the tummy space for entree.    To end the dinner, we tried the Leche and forgot the other dish. Both are not v memorable as you can see I can't even remember the name.   A must place for entree in Madison. Totally above my expecatation
Whenever I visit Madison, I know I will always find good places to eat.  Inka Heritage is simply outstanding.  The menu is fairly simple and easy to navigate, and the weight-staff is happy to point out their favorites (which were far from the most expensive options).    Naturally, I ordered some Peruvian ceviche (marino), and it was one of the best ones I've had in a long time.  Everything was fresh, well seasoned, and not over-marinated (as often happens with acidic dishes).  I followed that with Escabeche De Pescad, which was delicious, light and flavorful.    Another fantastic find in Madison.
Delicious! Awesome food. I got ceviche de camarones. It was delicious, spicy, everything you want from ceviche. Everyone I went with loved what they got.
The best part is that it's authentic food.  The bright colors give it that latin american feel.  The food was good, we waited for a bit, but it's a place to go out and relaxed.  The food was a bit overpriced for what we got... that's about it!
Very unique food and a great place to try something new. While the location is not great, the food truly is. My wife and I went here recently on a whim, and it ended up being one of the best meals I've had so far in Madison.  We ordered the ceviche marino appetizer, which was easily one of the best I've had. We opted for the spicy version, and it was a great choice as the heat from the jalapeno added a nice kick to the awesome citrus flavors. Next we had the arroz con mariscos (peruvian paella) and lomo a la huancaina (tenderloin steak w/peruvian sauce) and both were incredibly delicious. The paella was perfectly cooked and the steak was extremely tender, perfectly cooked, and crazy good with the huancaina sauce. To finish, we ordered one of the house made desserts (can't remember the name) that reminded me of a light mousse with a butterscotch like flavor.  The final bill with wine was surprisingly inexepensive for the quality of food. The service was friendly and attentive, nothing fancy, but gets the job done. My only complaint would be the bread and the seating near the windows. If you go when it's cold, ask for a seat that is not right next to the windows. We could feel the cold coming in from outside, which was unfortunate. So the 5 star rating is primarily based on the quality of the food. Others might find the overall experience to be more in the 4 star range, but then again, I didn't come here expecting Le Etoile.
This review is ONLY FOR THEIR PISCO SOUR .. nothing else ..this drink was PERFECTLY made oooooohhh how I love me a pisco sour .. it wasnt to sour nor to sweet .. it had the perfect amount of froth .... YUMMMMMM
the staff was very friendly and the food was surprisingly pretty good! we got the cooked bass and a paella... would definitely take people there to eat.  there is this special juice there... I thought it was really good... like sangria minus the alcohol.
I studied abroad in South America and have been to Peru twice. When someone told me there was a Peruvian restaurant in Madison I met this news with cynicism. I never had a good Peruvian meal when I was in Peru, why would I have one here in Madison?  Then I ate there. I was wrong. Very wrong.  I have eaten at this restaurant three times now, ordered something different every time, and never had a bad experience. The restaurant itself has a classy air, like you're going someplace really special. The food is presented in an artful, expensive way. The food looks and the restaurant feels like it should cost more, but it doesn't. And then you taste it....Unique. Amazing.   My favorite is the garlic chicken. The smooth texture is memorable. The garlic is appropriate and not overwhelming, and mixes perfectly with the subtly spiced rice.   The pisco sours are also great, a little sweeter than in Peru, but deliciously topped with nutmeg. If the deserts were not so pleasing the Picso would suit just fine.
Not much to add to all the other reviews. Quality Peruvian grub. The ceviche was right on. I had the loma saltado, others had the chupe de camarones. Both were outstanding.   If you know Peruvian cuisine you'll be happy. If not, check it out, you'll be a fan.
Quite possibly the best Peruvian food I've had, rivaling even the ones I had in Lima and other parts of Peru!  Highly recommended!  My favorites: 1. Appetizer - Ceviche - medium spice; Amazing!! 2. Drink - Chicha morada - purple corn drink (non alcoholic) 3. Entree - Aji de Gallina - pulled chicken in an almond, cream sauce with garlic and spices; served with rice and potatoes. Stellar! 4. Dessert - Mousse de lucuma - made from a fruit native to the amazon jungles of Peru  Enjoy!
I've spent time in Peru.  This is seriously the real deal. try the Lomo Saltado.
We've eaten here 3 times and each time had great service and food. The deep fried platter for 2 is a great deal! I love the inka dish with fish and cheese and rice, it's my favorite! The selection and unique cuisine is top notch!
We were looking for an 'Off-the-beaten-path' experience, and could not have asked for a better experience than the Inka Hertiage! My god, the food was good! When we first walked in the restaurant, and noticed that we would be the only ones eating, we were a little nervous, and almost turned away. But, I am so happy we stayed, because we were floored by the flavor, quality, quantity of the food. Everything from the amazing Ceviche, to the delicious paella, we were thoroughly satisfied and definitely had that 'Wow, tht hit the spot' feeling. And the portions were HUGE, not used to seeing big portions for quality food. Highly recommend it, you will not be disappointed.
I wanted to like Inka Heritage. I really did. I had heard tons of good things about the place and was so excited to finally hop a bus to South Park so I could go try it. I left Inka so upset, so dissatisfied that I couldn't even calm down enough to write this review for a long while. In short, I undoubtedly received the worst service that I have ever had in my entire life. I never really knew how important the organizational aspects of a restaurant could be until I learned what it was like to dine at a place that was completely and utterly devoid of it. McDonald's offers a more personable dining experience than this.  My whole visit to Inka Heritage was miserable from the minute I walked in the door. Upon doing so, I watched from across an empty hostess' podium as at least 5 different people darted in and out of the kitchen. Not one couldn't be bothered to take a minute to seat any of the 10 people waiting awkwardly by the door for any of the 10+ open seats. Once I finally was acknowledged about 15 minutes later, the waiter proceeded to argue with me, telling me that my name wasn't on the list and that the reservation I had made was no good.   After being seated and ignored for another 20 minutes, the same waiter came out to quickly get our drink and food orders with as little formality as possible. I started to envy the 3+ parties that had walked out due to the restaurant's negligence.   Turns out that at 1:00 on a Wednesday, they had already run out of the main ingredients for four of the nine dishes on their restaurant week menu. I attempted to order an Inka Cola and found out they were out of that too. I ordered a Chica Morada in its place, a sweet corn-based drink which was actually really good; it tasted like a fruity horchata. Unfortunately, it ended up being the only truly good thing I had here.  My disastrous first course was supposed to be fried yuccas with a savory yellow sauce and half a boiled egg. But the yuccas had been replaced with cold, unseasoned, boiled potato slices. The sauce and egg had no hope of making up for the nastiness of the potato, which overwhelmed the dish. I felt like I was eating at the cafeteria in a retirement home. The yuccas were supposed to be the star ingredient of that dish, and the chefs did absolutely nothing to compensate for the fact that they were missing. It was so bad, they should have been too ashamed to even consider serving it.   Of the three possible first courses, this one was godawful, the other one was "completely sold out," and the last was a salad that was lacking in any flavor. It did have an interesting twist via the large, hard pieces of Peruvian corn that it contained.  My second course was decent, but tasted like something I could easily make at home. The beef stew was well-cooked, as was the cube of rice that came with it. Sitting next to them was another pile of those flavorless, disgusting potatoes. As I ate my way through it, I couldn't help but ask myself what exactly is Peruvian about 4 cubes of beef with plain potatoes and rice. This dish was a tradition in my household as well. We called it "leftovers night."  I finally ended this painful experience with a tres leches pound cake. It apparently was trying to be sweet and savory, but ended up being moreso on the "bland lumpy mash" side. I was once again reminded of the retirement home cafeteria.   It's a very rare occasion when I overcome the empathy and memories of living off tips that tell me that I shouldn't stiff the waiter. I rather would have told him about the horrifying quality of food and service myself, but he didn't seem interested in asking me how things were at even one point during the course of this entire disaster of a meal.
I've only been here once, but I can't wait to go back.   I had the ceviche, the beef tenderloin, and the arroz con leche and it was all so extraordinary.  The portions were humongous.  The seafood was fresh and full of zest and flavor.    The price was very reasonable.  The venue is a bit small, but the service is friendly and outgoing, and the ambiance is very clean and relaxing.
EXCELLENT food. The flavors are great.
Plates are largely portioned so my lady and I were able to pull off splitting one entree and ceviche classico.  We both had a pisco sour and I soon orderd another = delicious.  The ceviche tasted amazing, but they choose to serve the fish in large chunks instead of thinly slicing it like I have seen at many other places.  It was a lot to chew and I felt it slightly ruined the flavor ride.  Still it was some of the best I have ever had.  For the entree we ordered Aji de Gallina, which is shredded chicken in an almond cream sauce.  I didn't notice any walnuts and there was literally only one olive.  It wasn't a botija olive either, it was definitely a kalamata.  It tasted great, but could of used more texture (like walnuts and olives :)).    Since we split an entree, the price was just about right.  I'd go back fo sho!
Pisco sour is not authentic. Instead you get a type of caipirinha-Icee. Not worth it. Soups and ceviche clásico were both great and we also got the Pollo Nazca--perfect for low-carb people because of the huge yummy salad and big chicken breast (and smallish serving of rice). The Ají de Gallina was ok but not as spicy as it should of been and could've used a salad garnish. All else was good-I'd recommend the Cusqueña beer for something that goes with everything.
My husband and I went out for our usual Friday date nights and wanted to try a restaurant featuring Latin cuisine.  Inka Heritage specializes in traditional Peruvian dishes.  Though given large seafood portions (including a piece of lobster, calamari, shrimp and fish) cooked in the acid of lime juice, we weren't too fond of the ceviche appetizer.  We were very pleased with our main dishes, the Lomo Inka Heritage and the Tacu Tacu Con Lomo Saltado.  Their chef definitely knows how to prepare a wonderfully seasoned and flavorful tenderloin.  We topped of the evening with an amazing Tres Leches cake which comes highly recommended to those of you with a sweet tooth.  For something new, try their traditional Peruvian non-alcoholic drink with a complex mixture of juices.
Great dining ambiance, excellent service, and great spread of ethnic food (not easy to find in Madison -- 4 stars for this alone!). It's actually 4.5 stars, but I unfortunately chose the wrong dishes (Reina, which was like chicken salad over avocado, and Jalea -- essentially an assortment of fried seafood...tasty and HUGE portion but tough on the digestion). I did really love the lime dipping sauce that accompanied the Jalea, and my dining companions' dishes were all excellent, especially the tamale-type appetizer. Inka Heritage also rotates their dishes from time to time so you can expect to try new and exciting dishes the next time you go!
My husband and I have lived pretty close to Inka Heritage for a few years, and just never stopped in, so the other night when we were trying to think of a place to go before going to the symphony we decided to try it.    His mom was joining us for dinner, and the three of us split the ceviche classico, which we loved.  Tasty fish, delicious marinade, and the Peruvian corn and sweet potato accompaniments were yummy--a nice, light appetizer for 3, would've been nice for 2 as well.    We were very disappointed, however, when our entrees didn't arrive for another 45 minutes.  While the staff attentively refilled our water glasses, our server never checked in to comment on the delay, and we were close to missing the beginning of the symphony performance because of the long wait.  When our food did arrive, it was well-cooked and generously portioned, but not particularly interesting.  My husband and mother-in-law split a platter-for-two with a variety of fried seafood items (calamari, shrimp, fish, crab) with fried yucca and two sauces.  I had the Lomo Saltado--the beef and onions were well-cooked, but the fried potatoes beneath and rice on the side were pretty boring.  After the delicious ceviche, we were a little disappointed.    We'll probably go back and try to order more carefully (and make sure not to be on a tight schedule), but we were definitely a bit frustrated by our first experience.
This was my first time there and was happy with the overall meal.  The waitress was very helpful and attentive.  I started with Ceviche De Pescado Inka it was tasty and not too spicy The Cusquena beer nothing special, a weaker ale For the entree I ordered the Tacu Tacu con Lomo Saltado, the meat and vegetables were seasoned well.  The pancake underneath was excellent, think of it like the outside of a tamale. I also tried the drink the Pisco Sour it was great and would be even better on a hot day
If Peruvians share my love for seafood, onions and cilantro, then we are a match made in heaven. Check, check and check. We have a winner at Inka. I've been to the place a good four times in my tenure here in Madison, and consistency is the name of the game. Their dishes are balanced in spice and substance, and I never seem to get enough of exacting havoc on the seafood menu. Portions are more than adequate in both appetizers and entrees for their price. You may select your protein from their delineated menu.   My fav? Pescado A Lo Macho, no question. Two lightly battered and fried fish filets, mussels, crab, and squid simmered and served in a mildly spicy garlic and tomato sauce sever with rice. These folks ain't playin with the seafood. Tastes brilliant.  I'm also a fan of both ceviche apps and a few others. Not a bad experience yet.   Only con if I had to give one is service speed. Each time I've visited, it's the same single, friendly server. So large parties or quick lunches are a no go. Other than that, this place is a winner if you're looking to go ethnic on the food without hitting up common staples like Thai and Chinese.
After scouring restaurants in Madison on yelp.com for some place appropriate to celebrate my son's graduation from UW I decided on Inka Heritage and am I ever glad I did.  I wanted something that would be memorable for this very special occasion, something unique that would appeal to a diverse group of 12 people.  As it turned out, Inka Heritage was just what I was looking for.    The location was great because it was just a few blocks from the campus area and away from the crowds.  The restaurant provided an intimate setting yet we were able to hold multiple conversations with a lot of laughter without feeling obnoxious yet we were also able to have more quiet period of time when we could individually make toasts/roasts for our entire table to hear.    The service was wonderful as well.  Our waiter was attentive but not overwhelming or pushy.  It took awhile for the meal to arrive but for us it was absolutely perfect because it gave us the time we needed to really enjoy each other and have time to take in the menu to make just the right decisions.    There was a good variety of the menu items chosen at our table from chicken dishes to seafood and beef combinations.  I had the arroz verde norteno which was prawns, pieces of crab leg, mussels, and calamari mixed in a cilantro pesto type sauce; fabulous!   Believe me, there were no complaints from anyone in the group about anything when we left.  This will be a very memorable event for us and for all the right reasons.  I owe a lot of thanks to the folks who posted reviews and led me to Inka Heritage.
We searched Yelp for a good place in Madison to eat on the first night of our honeymoon. We chose Inka Heritage because of it's uniqueness - Peruvian food? Okay! It was the best decision ever. We wanted a place where we wouldn't look out of place in nicer clothes - the clean atmosphere and pretty place settings gave us the environment we wanted. We ordered the ceviche mixto to start and loved it. The seafood was fresh and the variety was even. The sauce was lime-y, spicy and complex. And the hominy and sweet potato on the side were great. Big yum. For the main meal, we shared the Manchupiccu and the Arroz Verde...Notendo (?). Both were amazing. The Manchupiccu was super savory and unique. The Arrozo was hearty, with a good amount of rice, and had a large portion of the seafood. Beautiful presentation on both and wonderful flavor. We got the Tres Leches for dessert - another success. Add the nicer atmosphere and our fantastic food to the attentive and friendly service we received and you get one suberb dining experience. Absolutely give this place a try!
We were recommended Inka Heritage as a great place to take our niece who recently returned from S. America after a semester abroad.  The atmosphere of this cozy restaurant was simple but very nice indeed, and the service excellent.  We had Escabeche de Pescado and Loma Saltado, both very tasty.  Why 3 stars?  The prices are simply out of range for what I would normally pay for a casual lunch for food of this quality.  We were surprised that there was no lunch menu and only one special available, and that the menu was as limited as it was.   The menu selections and prices seem to say "dinner only."  Next time we'll head back towards downtown and some of the other unique ethnic restaurants Madison has to offer.
I ordered a gift card from Inka Heritage over the phone.  They charged my credit card that day, however after about 3 weeks, i still had not received the card in the mail.  I called them several times and they had excuses about it being lost in the mail multiple times, however they never called me or tried to correct the situation.  I then told them I wanted a refund as opposed to them "trying" to send it again after 3 weeks.  They took my credit card info but I have still not gotten my money back.  I will continue to fight with them but I honestly don't think they ever tried to send the gift card or have any intention of refunding my money.  I would expect TERRIBLE service and poor customer interaction.  At least NEVER buy a gift card from these scammers.
Ceviche Classico, Limo Saltado, Tilia Malbec--Inca heaven in Madison.  All I was missing was Machu Picchu in the background.  Speaking of background....the music was Zamfir on the Pan Flute piping away covers to the kind of depressing, silly and sentimental tunes you typically only hear at Japanese restaurants in California.  ("I am a Woman in Love" by Barbara Striesand, "Hello" by Lionel Ritchie, etc.)  And they have a squeaky door to the kitchen that sounds like a crying elephant, which adds truly emotional, life-and-death mammilian notes to the restaurant score.  Gypsy Kings or some Archive and some oil on that door would completely liven up the mood, though.   Overall, it was great (and my server was awesome, bringing out spicy, then spicier salsas so I could get my endorphin rush on).
Came by here again on a slow weeknight hoping for a better experience. While the food was better this time around, they were once again missing several menu items and the service was still extremely rude, slow, and inattentive. Sad to learn that these problems are systemic and were not just the result of the Restaurant Week crowds. I won't be giving them a third chance.
Love love love this restaurant!!  Definitely a place I'd love to go back to!    We tried to go to this place on a Friday night but didn't make it out of the house quick enough to get there before it closed.  It's only open until 10.  Saturday night we made it there by 9pm and thank goodness we did!  For drinks we didn't get too crazy.  Two of us Negra Modelos and one friend got Peruvian beer even though he talked about how terrible Peruvian beers are...we let it go.  For food, I ordered the lamb dish (I can't remember what it was called) but they were out of lamb so they took $4 off and made it with beef.  Still delicious though my dish was the least favorite out of the 3.  One friend got the Tacos Tacos (or something along those lines) and could not stop talking about the delicious bean pancake that it came with.  Seriously, even the next day, couldn't stop talking about it!  My other friend got the Chicken and Rice (Arroz con pollo?) which was my favorite of all three meals.  The rice was packed full of cilantro flavor and was SO SO good!!  The waiter heard us raving about how good the cilantro rice was that he brought us this cilantro sauce to use with our food too.  OMG.  I was in cilantro heaven.  I wanted to pour it over my entire meal and maybe all my meals for the rest of my life.    For dessert I ordered the tres leches which was good but not the best tres leches I've ever had.  I actually like the one I make slightly better.  But I still ate most of it.    The restaurant closed while we were still eating but the waiter (J.P.?) told us to take our time and that he still had a lot of cleaning up to do before he would make it to our table.  That being said, we never felt neglected.    I would highly recommend trying this place out.  It is definitely a gem in Madison and not one I'm sure enough people know about!
First and foremost, EXCELLENT SERVICE!  The staff is genuinely excited about you being there and sharing their food and drink.  Love that.  Delicious ceviche appetizer.  Also had the pisco sour cocktail, and it was great (and packs a punch!)  The arroz con mariscos was very good.  Will be back!
Made a reservation for my husband's birthday dinner called to confirm and was told no worries plenty of open tables, we were all set. Got to the restaurant and reservation did not exist and all tables were full with no one ready to leave soon. Host made no apology and said it would be 5 minutes until a table opened up...he then proceeded to hide in the kitchen and ignore us for the next 15 minutes. As none of the diners looked remotely close to finishing, we went elsewhere and will not be going back. If they had acknowledged their screw-up, apologized and been honest about our chances of getting a table I would have chalked it up to bad luck and tried again another day...instead, because they lied on several occasions and then left us standing at the door while they hid in the kitchen, they have lost a customer:-(
It was my first time been in there. The restaurant is very clean and has a good atmosphere. The waiter was super nice and he was always there for me when I needed. Food was colorful and fantastic. I usually don't have dessert, but I had to order one here. It was a piece of sponge cake with whip cream and you pore a condenced milk when it served.
Great food with great flavor, nice place to have a romantic dinner, I had the paella with was delicious but my girlfriend had the lamb which I thought I would have order that too. The waiter was very polite and always there if we needed something I would definitely go back and try some other foods on there menu.
What can I say about this place? It is truly fantastic. I have a soft spot for Peruvian cuisine and this restaurant is the best I've ever been to, hands down. I've been here so many times that I can honestly say everything in the menu is incredible. My personal favorites are the ceviche (tender seafood in a tart and fragrant citrus liquid), Escabeche de Pescado (lightly pan-fried filets of fish in a tomato-based broth with vinegary notes that will have your taste buds dancing!), Lomo Saltado (a traditional Peruvian dish that is truly exquisite and the best version I've ever had!), Chicharrones Inka (wow is all I have to say when describing this dish...perfectly broiled pork that just melts in your mouth), the tamal and papas/yucas a la Huancaina are incredible as well. I think I might have recited their whole menu as my favorite but it is that delicious and once you try it you will understand why this is one of my favorite restaurants of all time.   I moved out of Madison a few months back but would definitely take a trip back just to experience this food! Superb!
Awesome South American food! I come here all the time. Ceviche is incredible, as is arroz con pollo or any of the steak dishes.
We went for dinner after work for our bi-weekly date night.  Arrive at 5, first in the door.  Excellent setting, very serene, nice music, relaxing and comfortable.  Waitress was pleasant and attentive.  We had an appetizer of Ceviche which was brilliant.  If you order it, get the classico and medium spice.  You will not be sorry.  For dinner we had the Mar Pacífico and Arroz con pollo.  Both fantastic.  To drink we each had an Inka Cola.  Very much like a cream soda, but something about it is different (still working on what it is) and quite good.  Overall everything was great.  I would give it five stars but now only four because five stars should come after several visits.  We will most certainly be going back to work our way through the menu.  We have found precious little in Madison to get excited about, but Inka Heritage is definitely something to get excited about.  Perfect for date night, a casual dinner, or a pleasant civilized gathering of friends.  If you are, like us, sick of Wisconsin bar fare where everything has to do with booze and cheese and obnoxious loud drunks, you will find this place a small paradise.
Most amazing meal!!    If you haven't done so yet.  Try this place today  The food is unique but not scary. In fact everything on the menu sounds so good it's hard to choose.  But whatever you do start with spicy ceviche.  It was so good we placed a second order. Our main course and desserts were equally as good  To top it off the service, see John Philipe, was attentive helpful and a delight.  And the cleanliness of the restaurant was an excellent first impression  Try it now!!
What a great restaurant!   considering that I live in chicago it is rare that I find restaurants in Madison that I absolutely love and cannot wait to return to!   This is such a neat little place and ALL of the food that our group ordered was AMAZING.  This restaurant should not be missed if you searching for a great meal.
We visited Inka Heritage after excitedly reading glowing reviews praising every dish the joint has to offer. I will preface this by saying that I've had some great ceviche, so my standards are quite high. I ordered the ceviche as an appetizer ($12 a plate--quite high for an appetizer) and was not impressed. Whereas many ceviches have plenty of tomatoes, cilantro, and a bit of garlic in a clear stew of lime juice, the ceviche at Inka Heritage is little more than cubed fish and whole slices of purple onion swimming in a pool of mustard yellow juice. The flavor was quite disappointing. I ordered the lomo saltado as my entree and again was unimpressed, especially for the price. Lomo saltado is a very straightforward dish: sauteed onions and tomatoes with seared beef tips, all on a bed of french fries and served with white rice. While the beef was tender and tasty, the vegetables were sparse and the fries were quite plain. This is a pretty simple dish with very inexpensive ingredients (minus the beef tips), but somehow it rings in at $14 a plate. Our server was attentive and friendly, willing to help at every turn, and the ambience was satisfactory, but at $45 for two people (and only waters to drink), there are many better meals to be had in Madison. We most likely will not be returning.
I love this place , the food is great !
I had an absolutely amazing meal at Inka Heritage tonight! I began with a Pisco Sour, which my server described as better version of a margarita and it was just that- delicious! My companions and I shared a ceviche micro as an appetizer which was also wonderful, the flavors were perfectly balanced and the seafood was tender.  For my entree I chose the Seco de Cordero and am so glad that I did. The lamb was amazingly tender and covered with a flavorful chimchurri-like sauce. My favorite component of the dish was the fried yucca, crunchy and delicious! My companions ordered the Arroz con Pollo and the Lomo Saltado which were both great also.   To finish an already amazing meal, we shared three desserts: flan, the Suspiro a la Limena and the Delicia Andina. Each dessert was very rich and sweet, but very good. Perfect for sharing.  Overall, my experience at Inka Heritage amazing. Great food, tasty drinks and fast, attentive service even with one server caring for the entire restaurant.  Visit this restaurant as soon as you can, you won't be able to stop talking about it! I know I won't be able to!
This was a gem of a find on our recent trip to Madison. We were looking for something unique and nice, preferably not downtown so we didn't have to deal with parking.   The place is small and quaint with cute decor. I love little restaurants so this was totally wonderful. Although we came with a group of friends (5 of us total), this would be a great date spot.  I ordered the Lomo Inka Heritage which was a beef tenderloin. It came with a pancake made from rice and beans which was delicious. The whole thing was topped with a fried egg. There were also sweet plantains. The meal was plated beautifully and the portion was perfect. The meat was cooked perfectly and the sides were fantastic.  My friend is a very picky eater and so we were a bit worried about her. She ordered the Mar Pacifico which she enjoyed very much. She was a little skeptical at first because it came with a prawn still in it's shell with a visible eye but after she got over that part, she truly enjoyed her meal. She said she was glad we came to place she might not have otherwise come to.  It's not the best Peruvian I've ever had but it was quite delicious. Especially being that it's located in Madison, WI, I'd say it was pretty fantastic.
Not sure what was going on with the kitchen that night--i think the chef may have gone missing for an hour or the stoves weren't working?? It took over an hour for the food to come out after we had ordered-with no explanation- and the couple next to us had been waiting before we had even been seated. They got free wine refills because they had been waiting for so long!  I'm not sure if it was the fact that we were starving by the time the food came out but it was DELISH and I loved everything about it!
Good atmosphere. Good food.  Good Waitress.  Waitress was very knowledgable and spoke english, so she could explain menu to us.  Would visit again.
My wife had Inca Heritage recommended to her Di we went for lunch. We were amazed and delighted by the delicious food and attentive staff. We lived our experience so much we went again for lunch and chose new items, once again the food was amazing. They have enhanced the lunch menu to add other South American and Cuban dishes so we are looking forward to eating our way through the menu.
LICK THE PLATE! EVERY TIME! I am tempted at every visit to lick the plate, so I can have all of this Peruvian deliciousness.  I don't know every ingredient but what ever this is, I can't have enough. Enter into the bright mango colored walls, long flowy white curtains into a friendly restaurant full of spice and care.   Both at lunch and dinner the specials are good, service staff friendly and knowledgeable.   I can't always decipher the menu, but on my last visit a table ordered what we had based only on looks and how we devoured it. Appetizers, main courses and beautiful desserts.  Be ready to step into a different culture and away from westernized food Midwesterners are used to. DELISH.  Take me away to Peru.
Good but not great. Waiter was friendly and knew his stuff. The ceviche is beautiful, but the salt, citrus, and cilantro overwhelm everything else. The Escabeche de pescado had really nice, lightly fried tilapia, but the sauce was nothing special and the rice, served in a cube beside the fish, was hard, like it had sat under a heat lamp. I  would consider taking a friend here for the novelty of a Peruvian restaurant (if that would indeed be a novelty for them), but probably wouldn't choose to go back otherwise.
What a delightful restuarant!  Four of us ate here tonight for the first time.  The food was excellent.  We ordered ceviche mixto for an appetizer which I highly recommend.  Our entrees included jalea which was a nice mix of lightly breaded and fried seafood, yucca and plantain.  This dish was good but a bit greaser than I expected.  Our friends shared arroz con pollo which was very good.  I am a big fan of cilantro and it was used wonderfully in all but the jalea.  The dessert of creams volteada was yummy with the light caramel sauce.  Many restaurants make their coffee much too weak.  Inka Heritage makes theirs just right.  Our waiter was attentive but did not hover.  He was very charming.  The presentation of the food was done very tastefully.   The noise level is low so it was a great place to visit with friends.  The only reason I have not given it 5 stars is because the jalea could have been a bit less greasy.  I will definitely return.
Awesome ceviche!
If service was speedier these guys would be rock solid in my book. Lunch specials are a steal at 6.99 and the expanded menu offers more options than before, but its sloooooooooooooooow and during the lunch hour I don't always have time to wait around. Delish in the end, just slow going leading up to it.
Two of us caught up with Inka Heritage during Restaurant Week, and we're really glad we did. The  place was full except for one two-top and there people standing outside - it's a small place. The standees must have been waiting for a large table; we were seated immediately.  We ordered started with the ceviche and some yucca. The yucca was basic and unadorned, but hot and fresh. The sauce (almost a curry) served with it was a great addition. The ceviche is notable. The fish was fresh and tender (not mushy, as is often the case when a long marinade time is used to cover for less-than-fresh fish.) The blend of onions and spices used have it some real zip, without burying the fish.   My wife loved her Mar Pacifica. The fish with crab stuffing was excellently balanced -- I sort of expected the shrimp to be overkill, but they had their own distinct flavor to add to it all.   I had the Lomo Saltado -- too much Saltado! Nice tender beef, laid over sweet onion. the sauce was rich and full, but seemed to be mostly soy sauce (not much vinegar tang there.) The result was way too much salt.  Service was friendly but efficient -- our waitress always seemed to have a moment to spare at exactly the right time. The room is small and cozy, with warm yellow decor and long white drapes covering the store front windows. All in all, we had a very good dinner in a charming place.
It's pretty damm good.   It feels kind of fancy, but you forget about that when your food arrives.   We had the ceviche, which was different, but great, and then the main course came which was pleasantly filling and satisfying.   It was a steak dish with french fries, mixed vegetables and rice- exactly what I needed after a few drinks.     I was a bit bummed I didn't order the fried seafood dish.  Now, LISTEN- order it.  It's a single plate that serves 2-3 people, and it's literally a fried seafood masterpiece.   We saw it as we were leaving, and lets just say we'll be back just for that dish... and the ceviche.
What a gem!  The spicy ceviche is amazing and the menu is so eclectic and interesting I want to go back to try everything.  The ambience is very nice.  Service was great, and the food was expertly prepared.  Overall a great meal.
I stopped by here a couple of Saturdays ago for dinner with my fiance.  We had been looking for a good place to eat in Madison and this came up on Yelp.  I can honestly say that I have never had Peruvian food before and so I was looking forward to eating here.  Upon entering the restaurant the first thing that I noticed was how bright the walls were as they were a bright golden/orange color.  Other than the walls there were a bunch of white table clothed tables around including a few high tops.  My fiance and I decided to start off our evening with the ceviche which consisted of raw fish, leche de tigre (lime juice, garlic and ginger), sweet potatoes and peruvian corn (think American corn only much larger kernals) .  While I have had ceviche before, it has generally been at trendier places and so the focus has been smaller dishes catering to foodies and  not necessarily on portion size.  So you can imagine my surprise whenever the ceviche came out and it was a huge plate covered in fish and peruvian corn.  Both my fiance and I loved every minute of eating it as the leche de tigre had a perfectly acidity that complimented the fished perfectly.  For my dinner entree I ended up ordering the Pollo naeza which was actually not what I had decided on.  It was a Peruvian seasoned chicken filet with a inka salad and white rice.  You see I had closed the menu and whenever I picked it had said the wrong dish insted of the aji de hallina which was chicken in a Peruvian cream sauce.  After our server had left our entrees at our table I questioned my fiance about whether it was what I had ordered and she said that she had been surprised by it but yes it was.  I was a little disappointed as it was not what I was looking forward to but since I had ordered it I decided to stick with it  The chicken breast was juicy as they had said it would be although I didn't get too much of the spice and the salad was decent as well.  While it was not bad it was definitely a departure from what I would have ordered and fairly vanilla.  My fiance on the other hand really enjoyed her meal which was essentially a paella.  The bottom line for me is that I would head back here again in the future.  Thinking about the ceviche has my mouth watering and I imagine that if I lived in the area that this would be one of the places that I would love to show my friends.
This was by far, the best meal I've ever had in Madison.  Go and enjoy!  Prices were totally reasonable considering the quality and freshness.  Absolutely outstanding.
The food here is delicious. The Lomo Saltado, though a bit salty and with a bit too many fries, is so tasty. The Seco de Cordero is amazing!! Seriously worth it. The ceviche lives up to it's rep, and the pisco sour is worth the $7 price tag.  My only complaint would be that they run out of items, way before closing. I tried ordering both the seco de cordero and the aji de gallina and both were out. Extremely disappointing since I basically went there for the seco. The seafood dish the waitress recommended instead, the pescado inka heritage, was alright, but nothing worth writing home about.
Absolutely heavenly food. For sure a must try!
On a recent trip to Madison we had lunch at this Peruvian restaurant.  I have very little experience with traditional Peruvian food--for one thing, the last time I was in Peru was in the early 1980's and I was definitely traveling on a budget, so I did not have the chance to eat high end Peruvian food, and I was only there a few days as a lay over en route back from Bolivia.  I loved the Quechua and Aymara Indian women in their traditional dress, as well as their gorgeous native weavings from alpaca--and the fact that for both of us Spanish was a second language.  But the food did not strike me as amazing--I ate a lot of rehydrated purple potatoes is what I recall. The thing that I love about Peruvian food, besides the ceviche (which is excellent and also a large portion for the price at Inka Heritage), is the causas.  What is a causa?  Is it versatile Peruvian potato dish makes a great light meal or a fine appetizer to share with the table. A causa can be layered with any number of fillings -- chicken salad and tuna salad are favorites, and both are available at Inka Heritage. Vegetarian fillings are options as well. They are served cold, which takes some getting used to because they are nothing like potato salad.  A causa rellena is often topped with extravagant garnishes and sauces for a colorful presentation.  The other thing that is quite well represented at this restaurant are rice and seafood dishes (they have chicken and meat options as well)--these are either sauce based, or they are like paella, but with much different flavors to the rice.   This was not a fancy restaurant, but it was very nice, and the prices were reasonable.  The portion sizes were substantial, and we shared dishes as a table, which is a great strategy to get to try as many possible things on the menu.   I am still quite new to this cuisine, but I definitely like what I have had so far.
We love Peruvian food and were really looking forward to this meal due to the good reviews; however, our meal was fine but nothing special.  The Ceviche was too tart completely overpowering the taste of the fish. Peruvian ceviche comes in varied tastes. This one was low on our list.  We shared an enormous portion of Jalea Inka which was fried mixed seafood. For $27 you could easily share among 3 people. The dish consisted of tons of varied seafood...mussels, filet, squid, shrimp and it was nicely breaded but the dish was just not flavorful. A terrific value, but don;t expect to be overwhelmed by the flavor.  The Chicha morada was sweet and good and the service was very good.
Pretty place, but I don't pay fot the paint on the walls. The food was bland. I'm almost certain they forgot the salt.   It's nice too look at and that is it.
I have always enjoyed going to the Inka heritage, I have tried many dishes and they have been very good except for the last two times I have been there, the first time I had Lomo a la Huancaina and today Lomo saltado and the meat has been very chewy both times, my boyfriend had the Lomo Inka Heritage and his meat was so chewy he could not eat it. We brought the matter to the servers attention and she was willing to bring a new steak to him, it took like 10 min and as you can imagine it felt like an eternity since my boyfriend was starving and the rest of his food was already room temperature not to mention his side of ripe plantain tasted old and it had a crumbly texture, I think the quality on their meats its not the same and that's a shame since it was my favorite peruvian restaurant.
First time having Peruvian food and this was delicious! Perfect place for a date night dinner.  I had the Causa Limena (. for starters. The presentation and execution of flavors was perfect.  I'm not a fan of avocado, but this dish is making me think differently.   The Lomo Saltado (beef, cilantro, rice and fries potatoes) was the main course and also a perfect blend of flavors and was a very generous sized portion.    Combine all this with a very relaxing atmosphere and it was an excellent experience!
AHHHMazingg food.  Everything tasted so flavorful and different from anything I've ever had.  This was only the second time I've ever had Peruvian food, but would definitely like to try more.  It was a little pricey I think, but delicious.
I tried a sampling of Inka Heritage at the Taste of Madison and decided I wanted to go there for a full meal for my birthday this past October. Everything was great! Our appetizers and the cilantro seafood dish I had was fantastic. My friends and I also shared dishes with each other so that we could all taste different things. Overall I found the service and food to be excellent. My friends, unbeknownst to me, told the server it was my birthday and she brought me a complimentary creme caramel which was to die for! I would agree with one of the other reviewers that it was very cold inside. They did not say anything about the heat being broken and we were seated by the windows during one of the recent Wisconsin cold spells so maybe that was the issue. Other than that I would recommend this place for a nice dinner out. They also had a decent wine list and decor and lighting was nice and welcoming.
I went to inka for restaurant week in Madison. They had some really good options on the menu for $25 for 3 courses. Dessert portions were a bit small and service was slow to start. The ceviche was amazing (per usual) and the mariscoes de la playa were delicious. Would definitely go back there. Different place than most in madison. Hard to find Peruvian food. His place is a gem.
As a participant in the 2013 Savor South Madison Taste Race, I had the opportunity to patronize a number of wonderful restaurants on the South Park Street corridor.  One of those was Inka Heritage, which I had intended to try for a number of years.  And this Peruvian eatery did not disappoint; the food was well prepared and the service was better than expected.  Now my only regret is that I wish I had visited sooner.  Based on the humble exterior, the understated elegance of the restaurant interior surprised me.  I enjoyed the warm butternut orange on the walls contrasted by sharp white trim.  The Peruvian blankets and the dark hardwood floors added to the effect.  With all the hard surfaces and open floor plan, the restaurant could get noisy if they had a full house.  During my visit, there was a light Monday lunch crowd and noise was not a problem.  The tabletops and floors were spotless - a good first impression.  After I selected a seat by the window, my server greeted me with a menu and a water glass.  While a bit stoic, he knew the menu well and answered all my questions about the different lunch options and about the spices used in Peruvian cuisine.  During the meal, he checked in on my periodically, promptly removed the dirty dishes and took the picture I needed for participating in the Taste Race.  Overall, I was impressed with his professionalism.  The first course was a simple, well-seasoned cup of chicken vegetable and rice soup.   It was a well-balanced dish, chock full of veggies and tender white meat.    The soup was a just a prelude to an appetizing main course.  I ordered the house specialty, the pollo a la brasa.  The roasted chicken was moist on the inside, with a crispy, slightly salty skin.  Again, the kitchen applied the seasoning with a deft hand for this dish. The zesty cilantro sauce served with the dish was a perfect complement.  I also devoured the sides of pinto beans and a wedge of rice.  The cost of the meal with coffee and a tip was $13, a good value for the quality of the food they delivered.  I look forward to returning and sampling the more extensive dinner menu.
Inka Heritage is one of my favorite restaurants in Madison. You should come here planning for a relaxed meal you can savor. I have been here at least a dozen times and always leave stuffed and happy. The interior is warm and welcoming and somehow helps you forget you're on busy Park Street. The ceviche is a bright and tangy way to start any meal and I have a hard time not ordering the aji de gallina every single time I go there. It is so unbelievably good. The tacu tacu de lomo is also very tasty and the dessert offerings are playful. You could cap off a warm evening with a stroll along Monona Bay which is hidden right across the street.  The owners are wonderful people. I have coordinated with them for catering small samples for a large cultural event and they provided excellent service and food.
Went here for lunch during Restaurant Week, and boy were they busy. Right away I got the impression that they were under staffed. They had a full house with only two servers and one host. When my friend and I arrived we waited about three minutes at the door without anyone greeting us. I mean, it is Restaurant Week right? Be a little better prepared. I did give this restaurant four stars because the food was phenomenal, and I received all my food promptly . For appetizer I ordered the "Causa de la Granja". It was a small mashed potato cake with different layers and many flavors. It had a nice lime flavor which I loved. My friend ordered the "Tamalito verde de pollo". She enjoyed it. We also each ordered a glass of sangria. The sangria was a bit on the sweeter fruitier side, but it complimented the food so well. The pour was a lot more than I expected ($6)! I would have definitely ordered another glass, but because it was 1 pm on a weekday I held back...The entrees we ordered were the "Seco Verde" and the "Pescado a la Chorillana" The seco verde consisted of beef mostly covered in a cilantro sauce served with white rice and beans. The cilantro sauce is super flavorful. The pescado a la chorillana was lightly fried fish served with white rice and a red semi spicy sauce. There were sauteed onions and carrots. I really liked my dish because the flavor was great and the spiciness was just the right amount. The spiciness of the dish did require me to take my time eating. It did get a little spicy at one point, but I still loved the dish. For dessert we ordered "Arroz con Leche"  and "Delicia Tropical."Arroz con leche had a pudding consistency and a lot of cinnamon. The delicia was a passion fruit mousse. Heavenly! I tasted many different flavors all in one bite. Sweet, sour, bitter, delicious. Definitely recommend you try this restaurant. I suggest you make a reservation since there is limited seating.
I was here for a late Valentine's Day dinner with my boyfriend. The service was a bit slow given the packed condition of the dining room. We ordered chicha moradas (non-alcoholic drink made out of purple corn juice, tastes like sangria but with juice instead of wine) and the ceviche mixto to start. The ceviche was amazing...I wish I had ordered that for my entree. It had squid, mussels, crab leg, and fish all swimming around in a tart and spicy juice marinade.   The entrees we ordered were not as great as the ceviche. I ordered the Pescado a lo Macho, which was two breaded and fried fish fillets, squid, two mussels and one crab leg covered in a garlic sauce that contained no hints of wine or spiciness. It was a very generous portion though, enough for two people, or two meals for one person. Kevin ordered the Chupe de Camarones, which was a sort of chowder-y type seafood soup. It too, came in a giant portion. We were too full from our over-sized entree portions to even consider dessert, but they have that if that's your thing.  We'll be back for ceviche and sangria.
Amazing Peruvian food that never disappoints.  My husband and I went for the 3rd time and it was fantastic.  We are very selective about restaurants and food.  This food is a must.  Flavors are amazing, staff is great.  My lamb dish was incredible, the Ceviche is out of this world and my husband's steak was great.  This homemade food is well worth your time, money and trip.  Enjoy.
We went for lunch and started with an appetizer - Causa Limena - which was this yummy potato cake filled with avocado n chicken salad.   Then we ordered from the lunch menu which included a chicken and rice soup before our meal.   I had the lunch version of Lomo Saltado which was juicy steak cubes with onions and tomatoes with yuca fries n white rice.   My partner had the Arroz Verde which was cilantro rice and grilled chicken.   Both dishes were full of flavor and satisfying. We were stuffed by the end and our entire meal was less than $30!
Inka Heritage did a wonderful job with my book release party. The space looked good, the food was tasty and plentiful, the staff was friendly, and the owners even cut me a deal on our agreed-upon price after their success in drinks and new potential customers. I wish Daniel, Esmeralda and their staff continued success.
The ceviche was the best!
Inka has spectacular food-- each entree we tasted had great flavor. Lomo saltado, Tacu tacu, and the ceviche all tasted so good. What was most appreciated was how unique the dishes were. The sauce for the lomo saltado is really savory without overpowering the meat itself.  The ceviche was really tasty and unique for ceviche I thought, but for $13-18 it is a little pricey. If there is a complaint against Inka, it's definitely the higher prices-- but for excellent food, unique flavors, and an upscale environment I won't complain.
Great restaurant week experience. The portions were larger than expected, the quality was all there, and the service was great despite the full house.
I've known of Inka Heritage for sometime now. Never had a reason to rush their until a coworker told me that they went there and were quite surprised.      I've never been to a Peruvian restaurant before, so I wasn't sure what to order. But when I see raw meat and fried egg anywhere on the menu my eyes are drawn to those items.      I've only ever had ceviche before at Frontera Grill. Now it's hard to do better then Rick Bayless, but Inka did good. Not dangerously spicy, mostly all seafood rather then having a equal amount of fillers to deceive your eyes. There was Peruvian Corn (choclo or cuzco corn) in it also. Nutty flavor rather then sweet like your typical American corn and added crunch to the dish.      Next I ordered Lomo Inka Heritage aka Meat and Potatoes in a way. When I ordered the dish I asked for the meat to be rare cause that how I like my meat. She had an odd confused look on her face and then ended up coming back to the table asking if I meant medium rare. I just said "sure, yeah" thinking that they where afraid to cook meat that way and just hoping that I wasn't about to receive a dog toy of a meat. But I was happily surprised when I received the dished that the beef was not rubber. Was unevenly cooked thou with parts being rare and others being medium rare. After rereading the menu online I saw that the dish was also to have a creole sauce that wasn't present but wasn't needed with the liquid gold of a yoke from the egg. The taco taco pancake wasn't sweet, you get that from the plantain, but was well seasoned with garlic and onion.       Now you can't skip dessert when it's made in-house. So, very surprisingly I have never have had Tres Leche before. Which you would think cause I love bread pudding which is what this reminded me of. Not too sweet, obviously moist. Got a corner piece which I think is the always the best specially with brownies.
My family is from South America and so I was a harsh critic when I came to Inka. I like that it was reflective of it's peruvian heritage in both decor and staff. They had the essentials on the menu that would be found in the capital city of Lima such as cerviche, leche de Tigre. Chupe de camarones, pisco sour, and  chicha morada. So this put me at ease! So I went and ordered the Classico cerviche, papa a la huancaina  and chupe de camarones to drink pisco sour and chicha. Everything up to par with traditional flavors found in native Peru aside from the chupe. I had an issue with the soups liquid base not being a clear red broth but instead found it to be made with heavy cream, which is not the norm in addition the way I see it there is no chupe with out a form of cheese in the soup which there was none sadly. Aside from that hiccup on tradition the place is worth going back to good prices for the size and nice staff!
3.5 stars, this is one of the rare occasions I decided to round up instead of down.  After having a couple of Papusas at restaurant #3 on Central during the art walk I had been meaning to get back and try some more stuff.  So today I finally decide I am willing to make the drive over from Glendale and check the website and realize this location is really much closer.  I gave up the opportunity to try the buffet, which is only at the #3 location, for the convenience of the shorter drive.  This location is at the end of a strip mall in a part of town where English is not necessarily spoken or understood.  I walk in to the well lit and brightly painted restaurant and am greeted by the waitress, bus person, cashier.  It goes like this;  her:Hola Me: Hi her: Habla Espanol o Ingles? me: I don't speak Spanish her: (look of horror in her eyes as she realizes we will not communicate well) Are you taking out or eating here? (In Spanish) me: (the only word I understood was aqui) I am eating here and points to row of tables. her: Waves me to toward a row of tables, obviously inviting me to pick one.  She brings me a menu and points out the Papusas and I point to one of the entrees, not having read the descriptions, on the menu and ask of those things with the entrees are also Papusas and she informs me they are tortillas.  I ordered onion chicken ($9.95)and a medium Horchata ($1.75).  In El Salvador Horchata is made from Morro seed rather than rice which gives it a different flavor than the more common version found in Mexican places.  Let me assure you it is still a tasty drink.  I thought the chicken breast was a bit tough but it was quite tasty.  The meal comes with rice, beans and tortillas all of which are different than their Mexican counterparts.  The tortillas are the same biscuity type used to make Papusas and are really great at sopping up the juices from the onions and sauce.  I left full and happy.  I never heard a word of English spoken in the building but it did not provide any barriers to ordering/eating.  We each understood just enough of each others language to communicate.  When I went to pay the bill there was a manager in the door way to the kitchen and it was my guess she was bi-lingual and could have translated.  There was a steady usage of about 4-5 tables the whole time.    While Salvadoran food is not real common in the states it certainly rates an additional choice to add to the list of ethnic restaurant options.  And it is affordable.  There were several items on the menu without meat.  If you are gong to use an online menu the PDF version is much more accurate as to description but you will want to print it out as it is sideways on the monitor.
So me and my family were in dire need some delicious pupusas, so we headed over to our favorite spot with the BEST pupusas in town.  I adore the pupusas at this restaurant. They are so thick and full of flavor, you can tell an authentic experienced Salvadorean is making them! The salsa and curtido that is served here is also amazing. Each pupusa is only about $2.10, and two will get you beyond full :) Just thinking about these pupusas is making my mouth water..  I also like how this restaurant is specialized in only Salvadorean food, it gives it that authentic Central American taste, not the mixed "Mexican/Salvadorean" taste because the foods are very different. The venue is low key and cute, the wall murals are adorable. I am not really a fan of most of the things on the menu, I am too hooked on the pupusas! The "chicharon con queso" ones are my favorite since I was a little kid. Yum, go pupusas! :)
Pupusa addict back... I've visited this location a few times since my last review and had a few things to say...  They are starting to take a while to serve people. The past two times i have went we waited quite a bit for our food, yes we are glad business is booming, how about hiring more people please? Thank you :)
Very happy to have found this place - similar ingredients to Mexican food but refreshingly different flavors.   Went for dinner there last night for the first time. I ordered the beef stew but got the carne asada plate instead. I'm not complaining - it was awesome. Not the greatest cut of meat, but the flavor more than made up for it. The meat was cooked with green onions which gave it really nice onion-y flavor that was good but not overpowering. Boyfriend got the onion chicken, which had chicken breast sauteed with sweet or yellow onions and green peppers in sauce. Yum! I don't usually like green peppers, but these were really well cooked, soft and absorbed the taste of the onion sauce.   Most of the dinner plates come with black refried beans and either white rice or rice cooked with black beans.  Also comes with homemade corn tortillas that are awesome, probably could eat these things every day. Unlike typical tortillas that you get at Mexican places around here, these are really thick and actually taste like they're made from real corn (imagine that!).   Some things to know about this place - maps not quite accurate, if you're on 75th ave you won't see this place. Its actually on Thomas in the plaza with the Ross. Also, it helps if you speak a little bit of Spanish, our server new a bit of english so with that and lots of finger pointing we did ok.   Definitely coming back to this place!
Really happy we discovered this restaurant! They do serve alcohol, but not until 5pm on Sundays. My boyfriend settled on the Famosa beer because they were out of the pilsner. He was happy with the substitution.   A different server was sent to our table because she was the best English speaker and she was fairly helpful. There was a slight miscommunication about our order, but I think that was due to her being distracted and not a language barrier.   I was shocked to see "ask about our vegetarian and vegan options" stated right on the menu! Upon asking our server about said items she seemed a bit confused but recommended the platter. It is mostly vegetarian to begin with and we got the small amount of meat that did come on the plate on the side. We also ordered the ceviche platter. The ceviche platter apparently won "Phoenix's top 50 dishes" a couple of years ago. My boyfriend got a side of meat pies.  Food Breakdown: Ceviche Platter: Absolutely delicious! With avacado, large grilled shrimp and small shrimp, lettuce, tomato, onion, and plenty of citrus juice. Mmmm!  Platter: Fried yucca, 2 papusa (one with meat and cheese and one with just beans), a meat pie and a potato pie, a coleslaw-esque side dish, a tamale, a small serving of pork, fresh plantain chips, and a dessert made of rice flour. Quite good and one of the few veggie friendly items on the menu.   Meat pies: I hear were very good.   Note: they also have fresh fruit juice drinks which they make to order. I ordered the turmeric drink and it was SO GOOD! It had bits of fruit and seeds at the bottom. It was not too sweet and very refreshing :)
I love their Papusas if you are looking for a great place for them try the Salvadoreno Restaurant they are awesome!!!
it is ok. it is pretty much the only place around here where you can have pupusas. my biggest complain is that i went to their website and try to use their coupons but when i called to verify my order, they told me that the prices changed... how about change your website with the new higher prices and stop the false advertisement .
I work down the street from this location and I'm glad I do! They have a good selection of pupusas and all of the ones I have tasted haven't let me down.  My favorites are the chicharon and queso as well as the shrimp pupusa.  They are served with some tasty black beans and some rice.  Both of these are very different from what you get in a Mexican restaurant.    To drink I ordered horchata, which I guess in El Salvador is different from Mexico.  It has a slightly nuttier flavor but it's still very good and refreshing.    Next time we go back, we will try one of their entrees (with a couple pupusas on the side) and see what else this Salvadorean cuisine has to offer! If it's anything like the pupusas, I am sure to be satisfied!
great food for great prices!! the service was quick and very nice!!
Their pupusas are terrific!  Heck, multiple children even liked their kids menu a lot and you can't beat that.  Their chips are thick, fresh and as tasty as can be.
First walking in I was hesitate . It looks really dirty and in poor condition . The service was horrible . We were seated and took about 20 minutes for someone to come and take our order . People who came in after us had their order taken before us. When we arrived there was about five tables that still had dirty plates on them . When we left they were still there. They had probably been like that for an hour . The food was good but the sides are portioned very poorly . I really don't recommend this place. Go someone where else . The Service sucks!!!!!
Love love this place. 5 star rating is for the delicious, fresh pupusas! Service is usually just fine (we've never had a bad experience being served promptly).
I love their popusas! They are just a bit on the expensive side $2.30 each. Their Chicken Salad is also very good.
Popusas de chicharon con queso (pork and cheese) are the best! Ohh and the salad they give you on the side is also some of the best I've had. All of the popusas are made to order so it might take bit eat a little snack if your really hungry. They're hand made. The best thing is that you can see them making them if you stand by the cash register.   They are always very nice it almost feels like your family here. Being Mexican we don't really make popusas so at first I didn't know what I was ordering they will definitely help you out.   Enjoy
I visited today, worst service.  while I used restroom, kitchen employee came in, used restroom then walks out.  she DID NOT WASH HANDS.   I ordered to eat in, and to go.  food to go was brought to me 15 minutes before my food to eat in came out.   my food had a hair, waitress tried to take it off with fingers.  who does this  i tried to complain to owner, but she doesn't care, her attitude was you can go elsewhere  next time I can go across the street in the mall's food court theres el Salvador restaurant, food much better anyway.
Two words:  Sweet Pork!  Yummy!  I was addicted to this stuff when I worked nearby.  You can build your own burritos, tacos, quesadillas etc. with sweet pork, beef, steak and Mango chicken (which is also a good runner up to the pork).  The atmosphere is very casual with surfing videos playing constantly and tons of small children running around.  It's a great spot for a quick lunch or soaking up the sun in the outdoor seating area while people watching.
In my opinion, this falls in second place on the list of comparable restaurants that I've been to: Chipotle has always been my #1, then Costa Vida, Qdoba, Cafe Rio.  Costa Vida is no competition when it comes to speed, Chipotle wins that hands down.  I got the chicken burrito with black beans.  It was delicious.  I love mango salsa so I got that.  As far as I know none of the other restaurants that I listed offer that but I could be wrong.
Comparable to Chipotle... better chicken and better pork, but the beef isn't as good. They actually make the tortillas from scratch right in front of you which is cool. I'm talking balls of dough flattened and then cooked. The chips are fresh too, but a little bland and boring - along with their salsa. I tried the 'hot' and it just tasted like a bean and butter sauce with no spice in it at all. Kinda gross truth be told...  If Chipotle was Port of Subs, then this place would be Quiznos - I guess that's a fancy way of saying that after they assembled my burrito, they toasted it. It was pretty nice. I ate every bite, so I guess it was good eh? They take the Chipotle thing one step further and you can garnish your aluminum take-out tray (yeah, even if you dine-in you're eating in take away containers - not so classy for a nice dinner, but fine for lunch) with beans or a salad or whatever you like.  This whole concept is pretty interesting - let's take a Mexican restaurant and cut out the waiters. It makes sense actually in quite a few ways (that I won't go into). People certainly don't seem to mind the cafeteria style dining since these places are always packed.   It's not going to be my favorite restaurant any time soon, and honestly if I'm driving this far for Mexican food I'm eating at Matta's. Still, it's very tasty... close second to Chipotle for this type of quickie sit-down meal.  On a side note - the strip mall it's in looks like it belongs in Dubai or something...
Very unhappy with this Costa Vida.  I fell in love with Costa Vida (an alternative to feeling guilty to going to Cafe Rio to much) in Utah, but this one didn't cut it for me.    It is incredibly slow, and the staff is not that happy, and even worse the hotness of the enchilada sauce is in-consistent - one time I go its perfect, and another time way to hot..  Cafe Rio is the same EVERY TIME - they have it down to an art I guess.  Costa Vida needs to learn that.  The sweet pork is very good and does have its own taste (compared to Cafe Rio), but since that's the only reason I guess I will just keep going to Cafe Rio.     Besides liking them much better they give much bigger portions and Costa Vida kind of cheats you on the meat and size of the burrito.    If you are new to Costa Vida and Cafe Rio - I would suggest Cafe Rio - its faster, better and much bigger portions.
Costa Vida is #1 seed when it comes to burritos. The steak burrito smothered is unbeatable. The place takes a dump on Cafe Rio. The staff is always friendly. The cinnamon tortillas are the best and even though I always feel weird for ordering them cause I think they are for children, but I don't care.  The salads are awesome also. Everything I have had here has been good. The salsas are not salty like Cafe Rio. Everything is fresh, especially the tortillas. If you like a good burrito and have not tried Costa Vida, I don't know what you are doing with your life. Get with it, damn.
What can I say... My husband has me addicted to their sweet pork burritos.  I absolutely grave them at least once a week.  The place is usually busy no matter what time of day or night.   We are there so much we think the guy making our burritos knows exactly what we want.  I had one bad experience there but they made up for it the next time we visited.   I always order my burritos wet and haven't been disappointed yet.
This is our goto semi quick Mexican food.  The fresh tortillas being made right in front of you are awesome. I like the setup of the restaurant (or as you go and take back to table with you). The wife loves their sweet pork taco salad and I can't stop ordering the basic cheese enchiladas.  It's usually busy which helps to turn over the food faster.  There us plenty of seating and outdoor seating also.  They usually have surf flicks playing on the big screen.
Is it better than Chipukele?  Sure.  Is that saying much?  Not really. The best part about this place is their tortillas which are hand-made right in front of you.  The corn tortillas are delicious.  I found the sweet pork to be WAY too sweet.  The shredded beef was OK.  The rice and pinto beans, IMO, were the best part.  I guess if I had to go to Chipotle, I'd pick this place, but if there was no gun to my head, it would be easy to forget about this establishment.  There wasn't really anything wrong with it, it's just there.
I hate to admit it, but I like Chipotle. So since this place seemed similar to Chipotle in their offerings and it got great reviews, I figured I'd check it out. It's laid out in the same way (order at the counter, tell them what you want in your burrito/taco/salad) but the taste is distinctively unique.  The quality was great, everything was presented well. The pinto beans and black beans were good. However, I realized I'm not a fan of sweet meat; a lot of their offerings mix in sweet meats or sauces. It's like a sugar overload for me. I ordered the shredded beef burrito which was ok but the sweet pork my dining partner had was inedible...I was glad I didn't get it.   It's a great concept if you like sweet dinner options but I reserve my sweet tooth for dessert.
If they just had more locations I envision this place being the ultimate 'Chipotle-Killer'. I know it's a bit taboo to love chain restaurants here on Yelp... but I can't help it, Costa Vida has got the goods.   It's all about their sweet pork... whether in a taco or burrito the stuff is made of WIN. They cook all of their tortillas fresh as you order, so when you walk into the place your nose is hit with the delightful aroma of freshly cooked flour tortillas. The concept should be familiar... walk through the line and build your meal as they cook it; just like Chipotle/Q'Doba/Cafe Rio. What sets Costa Vida apart for me is the freshness... I enjoy Chipotle on occasion but it seems like much more of a manufactured product, as to where Costa Vida looks and taste much more home-made.   This is the type of place you can go to hungry and leave full, the food isn't greasy so it's filling in a good way. Easily recommendible! 4/5.   P.S. Can someone explain to me why there are so many Mormon owned Mexican restaurants in the East Valley? It's always perplexed me. (I.E. Bajio, Cafe Rio, and this place just to name a few).
Costa Vida wasn't outright bad but it wasn't very good either.  I shared a couple entrees-fish tacos and nachos with steak.  The fish tacos had itty-bitty pieces of fish covered by lots of mango salsa...so all you could taste was an odd sweet flavor.  No fish.  The steak nachos were decent but the nachos were heavy on salsa.  I mean heavy.  Like 4-5 big scoops-soggy-swimming-in-salsa nachos are not really very good.  Good nachos are about a nice well rounded blend of cheese, meat, beans and a smallish amount of sour cream and/or guac with a little salsa.  Not likely to return.
Sweet pork is my absolute fav!!! Love it love it!
Quick little tip: Their new honey habernero salsa is da bomb!!! Spicy but sweet, loves it!!!
Costa Vida has become one of my favorite lunch spots and I will tell ya why... The food is amazing, cheap, and filling. Here are my recommends: Get the salad with shredded beef, pinto beans, everything else, and ranch. If you get the large, its huge so you might not be able to finish it. If you get the small, make sure you get the large tortilla with it as that is the best part of the meal. The tortilla's are made fresh and they are great! If your not a salad person, get the chicken or shredded beef enchilada (1 is enough for me) with medium sauce and double rice. I also get a small side of ranch to go on my salad garnish along with a large side of the medium enchilada sauce. Ranch and the enchilada sauce make for a goupy rice but it taste awesome! A couple things I dont recommend to get: Anything with the sweet pork, this is just personal preference for me because I think its a bit too sweet and overpowering but if you like sweet meat, you will probably like it. Also, the shrimp taco's with mango salsa are nothing impressive and the nachos are nothing great either. They don't seem to put enough cheese and meat on the nachos.  Even though this place can get really crowded, the staff here is very quick and friendly. A little tip: They have whole wheat tortilla's if you are following a special diet.  FInal word: If you can manage to tune out all the kids and mormon women that come here, you will definately love the concept and the food. This place is the best when compared to Chipotle, Q Doba, Moes, Taco Del Mar, and Cafe Rio. However, I don't know if I can say they are better than Bajio, that place was amazing and I am soooo sad that its no longer in AZ   :(
The sweet cinnamon tortilla is a tasty desert.
I have had nothing but great experiences here for both dine in and take out.  My wife turned me on to Costa Vida a while back and it is one of our favorite little dinner spots.  It's not open on Sunday which is a bummer, and if you go on Saturday night you can be prepared for a wait.  The food always seems fresh and the sweet pork (salad or burrito) is amazing. The portions for the salad and burritos are very generous and they have a real nice Mango salsa as well.  It is also unique in that it does not have a typical Mexican restaurant theme. I won't spoil it, you'll have to visit to see what I mean (surfs up!)
This is the much classier and tastier version of your Baja Fresh and Chipotle.  It seems that they really take interest in providing the fresh ingredients.  I haven't had this dish myself, but I heard the sweet pork is amazing.  I had a taco salad, and it was extremely flavorful.  I think the ambiance and where this Costa Vida is located gives it a clear sell that this means business!
I've never seen this place not packed. Warning: Don't go to do any kind of business lunch here... You'll find yourself yelling over the crowd and all the noise. The food here is pretty decent, although maybe $1-2 overpriced per entree. I am particularly fond of the chicken salad! Its fun watching them grill the fresh chicken breasts right behind the makeline, however this most recent time, I got a little too much "char" on a couple pieces of chicken, and it tasted like eating charcoal! The greens are usually chilled, crisp and green, I get it w/o beans but with plenty of their cilantro lime rice, which in my opinion could be a meal on its own. Their spicy ranch looks a tad unappealing due to its watery texture, but it is LOADED with creamy cool spicy flavor. I get 2 cups with mine. The guacamole tastes good on its own, but they usually spoon it out with a melonballer looking thing and it all stays on one piece of Romaine even after mizing everything. Can't really comment on th service, never been wowed by it, they're just kind of there. Going back? Yes, and ps the one in Mesa has a higher quality of food/preparation than the one in Queen Creek - just as a matter of observation.
Restaurant quality food and cost meets fast food ordering and atmosphere.  Very little seating and hard to understand order takers.  Although the food was good...it was not worth the price.  Three burritos and three fountain drinks = $30.  $3 'service charge' on top of that.  Will opt for Baja Fresh over this place next time!
I'm in love with the sweet pork. Not so in love with the prices and the lack of seating. I go here now and then to treat myself. This place really needs to expand. I know I can't be the only one annoyed because of having to time going there just right to get a seat. Something else that needs to be fixed is when you get a receipt for a free dessert. They fail to note on there that the free dessert is just the cinnamon tortilla. So sadly no free flan or tres leches cake.
Every now and then I need my Costa Vida fix. Everything on the menu is worth trying. You cannot go wrong. I love the chicken tortilla soup. It is soooo good! I definitely recommend going here for very casual mexican food.
One of my favorites. Sweet pork burrito is always a winner. Would have given five stars if only the dude that makes the burrito could manage a smile now and then - he always looks bored and like he's doing you a favor. Otherwise, it's all good.
Costa Vida has great food. Their sweet pork salads are my favorite. I do think some of their items are a little pricey but overall we keep going back for more. Great lunch or dinner spot!
OK, food is good. But I have to tell you waiting 30 min in line for takeout is ridiculous! It is also far to loud in the restaurant. Additionally, if they are really busy, they dont even look up at you or listen to what you want. I had to tell them three times for one thing because they didn't want to listen. Wont be back anytime soon.
First time here today and it was alright. I got the sweet pork burrito (~$7 or $8), and if you'd like to try it too, my suggestion: come on a Monday because it's the daily special  ($5), you'll be able to save a couple bucks.  My burrito maker suggested the green salsa with the burrito, but to be honest, I didn't taste anything except the juicy pulled pork. It was pretty good, but too sweet for my taste. FYI: I'm definitely not a sweets person, I love salty and spicy food.  The burrito is very large, and it comes with rice, beans, choice of meat, choice of salsa, and cheese, and for $1 extra - you can get the enchilada which has extra salsa and cheese melted on top of the burrito. You can also get fresh pico de gallo-like salsa and lettuce on the side for free.  I actually prefer Chipotle over Costa Vida. The burritos at Costa Vida appear larger, but content wise, I think overall is comparable. I love Chipotle's corn salsa mix, and the steak is delicious. I study a fair amount at Barnes & Noble and Paradise Bakery in Dana Park, so maybe next time I'll try the steak burrito at Costa Vida.
I really did expect a little bit more out of this place after reading some of the reviews. My experience her wasn't bad but just avrege. ithink that my favorit thing about this place was there salsa. they had many diferent kinds but i injoyed them all.
I went here today for the first time - 2pm weekday - so didn't have any crowd/noise complaint like I saw some of the yelpers did.  The food was delicious.  I ordered 2 tacos with rice/black beans.  I ate every morsel of the tacos which were large and stuffed with a good portion of meat (sweet pork for one, and shredded chicken for the other).  Lots of fresh lettuce and pico de gallo too.  I gave the rice and beans to my toddler for a snack and took the rest home.  The tortilla was devine.  The young people working were very sweet and explained my choices, thought my daughter was the cutest, and offered to take my tray of food/drink to my table for me as they noticed I had my arms full with child/diaper bag. Thoughtful.  Looks like in addition to our weekly visit to Chipotle we have a new place to add to the mix! Yea for Costa Vida!!!
YUM! Seriously Sweet pork salad is ALWAYS fantastic, fresh and quick to grab when in a hurry!
I love Costa Vida. Their salads are delicious, it must be the fresh tortillas that are layered on the bottom.Customer service is great and the food is consistently good. My only issue with this restaurant is when you are nickel and dimed for things like sour cream, extra dressing, etc...I'm not a fan of that. But the pros outweigh the cons and I will continue to eat here.
Gotta have my sweet pork salad! So yummy!
Chipoltle style resturant. queso and guacamole are terrific.
I went there with a friend on a week day during lunch time.  I was excited to try something that had a vibe similar to Chipotle.  I was so excited they had a decent gluten free menu and it was all spelled out.  Well, it seems their staff aren't aware or not willing to accommodate.  They stated they couldn't make tacos for me because they would have to put them on the same flat wheel that they use for the flour tortillas to warm them.  I looked shocked and thought...Well, put them on tinfoil and then put them on the warmer but no.  They told me the ONLY thing I could have was a salad.  Well, that's exciting - or rather isn't.  The food was okay but truthfully I felt it was a little bland.  I will admit that I like the kick Chipotle has.  I thought the guacamole was okay but did enjoy the salsa.  I felt the prices were a bit high especially for a quickie lunch.  My friend who was with me, loved their food but I just found it mediocre.  Granted, I am limited as to what I can eat due to the gluten free needs but gluten free shouldn't mean boring and incredibly limited especially when your website indicates otherwise.
Just went to the new Goodyear location (13233 W McDowell). Never been to Costa Vida before, but we will be back! New flavors, great service, helpful people with unusual pride for a fast food restaurant. We tried the mango chicken salad, sweet pork enchillada, raspberry chipolte chicken enchilada, chile verde,and chicken burrito. Everything was above expectation! We went back for dessert - tres leches and cinnamon tortilla - a nice finish. Really surprising food quality!
This is like an expensive (which doesn't mean it is very much) Chipotle style restaurant.  The food was good, but not great.  I won't be going back any time soon.
Two words. Sweet Pork. That is all you need to know. This place is one of my absolute favorites.  I prefer this place over the likes of Chipotle any day, wish I lived closer.  Closed on Sunday :(
Sweet pork with mango sauce...... Nothing in this world tastes better!  Every time I call in my order for pick up it is seriously lacking sweet pork.  I always request light rice and beans so I can taste the sweet pork.  Lesson learned.... don't call in orders anymore.  I took a pic of my recent one and it literally had 2 bites of pork.  It just doesn't taste the same without the sweet pork.  Yet I still LOVE this place! 5 star non the less :)
This place had amazing food but the customer service is definitely lacking. If you go and the place is packed the line wait is about 20 minutes, crazy for a in and out trpe of place. I really wish they could get quicker service lines, accurate to go orders and I'd give them 5 stars but for now due to service.
I really like this place. It's pretty much a lot like Cafe Rio. Not sure which one came first, but I can't tell them apart. I'd gladly take the shredded pork with green sauce from either any day. Tasty
Simply the very best Fresh Mexican food you can get.  Sweet pork is amazballs! Just go!
Once you eat here, you'll never want to go to another Chipotle-like place again.  The food here is amazing, and it all boils down to the sweet pork.  So delicious, and if I'm ever unfortunate enough to have to head to the electric chair, a sweet pork burrito from this place is definitely on my last meal list.  The line can be long during lunch hour, but the wait is definitely worth it.  And it can be a bit noisy inside from all the people - but again, still worth it.  Side note:  for all new mothers, I swear that this place must be listed on some official list of places to take your little one and meet up with other mothers with their little ones, because I'm always shocked at how many moms and kids are in this joint during lunch hour.
Solid Fresh Mex restaurant. Nice selection of pork, chicken and beef dishes. Guacamole was way too watered down; but besides that, the rest of the ingrediants were good. I tried the Mango Chicken. The Manago sauce was flavorful without being overly sweet. The chicken was moist and the torilla was excellent. A definate repeat when I'm in the area
mmmm mmmm mmmmm... good lunch place if your in a hurry
Love the sweet pork nachos.
My favorite place to have fresh and fast mexican food without feeling like I'm having fast food.  My favorite item on the menu is anything as long as it is made with their famous sweet pork.  I have never had pork this sweet with such a great mexican flavor.  Conveniently located just south off the US-60 on Val Vista Dr in Mesa AZ.  I think this restaurant is just as good as any full service Mexican restaurant with the convenience of a fast food restaurant.  Highly recommended!
One of my long-time favorites.  Love the pork burrito!
Oh gracious, I could not love the tacos here anymore than I do. They are double the size you'd expect, and are filled with yummy goodness. I had heard about Costa Vida for so long without trying it, and why o' why did I wait!  The cheese quesadillas are something I get cravings for, and they are just too good to not order on a regular basis. Go, don't wait, go...go now. Right now.
Great food. Great service.
It's a busy place. The line was long, but went fairly quick. Seating is limited and it was loud. I can let that go though as it was lunch hour in a rather large plaza.    The sweet pork tacos were what I went with because all the tips pointed me there and, well, that's what I went to try!  They were good, but the chicken tacos were so much better! I prefer salt and spice over sweet though, so choose accordingly. The salsa was full of flavor and the tortillas are handmade right in front of you! The chicken is grilled behind the counter... Looked like it might be dry, but it most definitely was not. And the rice... Cilantro lime rice. Honestly, I didn't taste the lime, but it was great anyhow.   Delicious! I was afraid to admit that I found this place on Yelp (my bf threatened to ban me from Yelp after two disappointing picks, lol). Even he was satisfied with this one! :-)
My favorite place!  Sweet pork burrito with mango salsa in the middle and medium on top smothered with cheese!
I hate that I even have to give 1 star. I kept hearing how great this place was from a friend and the reviews were good. Since I was nearby I decided to check it out. Never again. I got one of the lunch specials which was a chicken enchilada, rice and beans. Lets start off with the enchilada....I asked for green sauce (chili). I don't know what that was but it definitely wasn't green chili. The cilantro lime rice?  Tasted like dried up white rice with some color added to it. You get a choice of black beans or pinto beans. I went with the pinto. Another...I don't know what was IN the beans but it was disgusting. My food was cold as well.  Anyone that knows me knows that I never throw food out. However, today I did just that. I wasn't able to even eat it!  I ended up throwing it away and I don't remember the last time I did that. I was so disgusted that I would not be able to even give it a 2nd chance.
One pof my favorite take out Mexican food places.  Their Sweet Pork Salad is zoo good!  This place is usually a busy place and lines can be long, but they get the food to you fast.
Amazing authentic Baja food. Brings me back to the beach.  Awesome home made tortillas.The tortilla maker is upfront, so you can see them make and heat the tortillas.
This place has great reviews, I used to come here somewhat regularly 7+ years ago and remember loving it! Everyone is raving about the sweet pork here on Yelp, I love BBQ ribs, so it seemed the right thing to order; I chose it as a salad (which turns out is really an unwrapped burrito with extra lettuce).  SWEET pork. Like DESSERT sweet. Meat dessert. (I got the dessert meat salad, ha ha, full meal in one pan?). I chose medium salsa, it had no heat. My husband said the medium salsa was sweet tasting to him. I asked for a side of hot to see if that would counter-balance the overbearing sweetness, but it had what I'd call only a lightly medium kick. And it too still seemed to have a somewhat sweet base.  It's really fresh food, the tortillas are AMAZING since they are just made! The new self-serve soda machine, I hate to admit this, it sucked me in... They have diet drinks UNHEARD OF in restaurants, like diet Barq's root beer and diet sprite. The line to order was long, but moved amazingly fast. The counter girls were really sweet, the line guys were smiley and nice.  I REALLY wish I enjoyed the meal more. I wonder if the pork was always like this and I just always ordered chicken in years past. If I'm near, I'd be willing to give the beef or chicken a try, but I'd still be disappointed by that wussy salsa selection. Even the "costa" in Latin America doesn't have meat that sweet that isn't balanced with some savory flavor to it as well as a good hot chili kick...
The chicken tacos were great and the homemade tortillas they make right in front of you, and the way they grill the tortilla with your food is awesome.  I asked for the raspberry chipotle sauce, which goes on your taco's, burrito's, etc.,  on the side rather than have them put it on my tacos for me.  I think its the best way to go, as the chicken was good by itself.  This way you can add as much or as little of the raspberry chipotle or mango sauce to your food as you want.  I put a small amount on my rice and beans and ate the tacos as is, with sour cream.  I actually meant to order a burrito but I said tacos.  When I got to the cashier I asked her if she could put beans on my tacos, because I really like the beans and rice in burritos.  She added a small amount of beans to each taco and then asked me if I wanted beans and rice on the side and I took her up on the offer.  The place was packed and very clean.  I like the atmosphere and decor over Chipotle.  There seems to be a lot of places like Chipotle doing it better these days.   I really enjoyed my food and would order the same items the same way again, although on my next visit I will give the burrito a try.  Again, the food is good and the tortilla is awesome.
Mmmmmmmmmm. I would eat the sweet pork slathered on just about anything.  Except that.
This place is amazing!! Well, other than they are always super busy and the wait can be long sometimes, but that's just because everyone loves their food soo much. My husband loves their burros and I always get their sweet pork salad. De-lic-ious! Totally worth the wait.
This is white Mexican food. Chipotle is better than this stuff. I tried the chicken burrito with mango sauce and I couldn't even eat the whole things. 3-4 bites in and I pretty much was done. Very bland and un-tasteful. If your looking for good food you wont be disappointed with chipotle.
Just ate at Costa Vida in Gilbert.  Worst food I have eaten in some time.  The portions made up for the bad food.  They were very small and were not even considered enough for a meal by my 105 lb wife.  Why I say the portions were good because it simply meant I would not have to eat any more of what they call food.  The place was not crowded so the Cold food is unexplainable.  But it was so cold that I was going to take it back but after tasting it I just wanted to leave.  They have come up with some kind of sickening sweet BBQ type taste that is on everything.  You would think that poor portions of the main course would be hidden by a pile of beans and rice, but Oh no!  You would think the rice and beans were made of gold.  A small spoonful of each.  This place used to be good but just like every decent place.  They let it go to their head and start cutting back on portions and then the flavor goes and pretty quick they are serving crap like they are now.  WARNING: Go somewhere else for Mexican food because this cannot be classified as Mexican food in fact I dont know what you call it.  But when we got in the car my small skinney wife wanted to go somewhere to eat.
Depending on how much you like this place, you could describe it as either a rip-off of or an improvement to the Chipotle model of dishing out sort-of Mexican food. Personally, I think it's a wash: Costa Vida does a few things better and a few things worse.  At Costa Vida, you have the option of ordering hard tacos, a burrito, a bowl, or nachos. Once you've decided the basic configuration, the real fun begins. You pick one of four meats, one of two different beans, one or more of the numerous salsas, and whatever you want of the standard toppings. They really pile things on here, which is a definite plus, and that makes the food here a pretty good deal. On the other hand, not all the options are wonderful. The tacos are noticeably smaller portions than the other options and the chips in the nachos often turn to mush under the wetter toppings. Of the salsas, several are tasty, but none of them appropriately spicy. But, that may actually appeal to you.  I think what's going to make it or break it for you with Costa Vida is how well you like the much lauded sweet pork. Everything else at Costa Vida is pretty unadventurous and safe; the sweet pork is really what sets this place apart. Basically, it's slow cooked pork, shredded up in a very sweet reduction that I would bet money is made out of a cola. The meat is very tender, but I found the sauce to be rather cloying, almost syrupy. I've heard it described as being like a dessert, and I don't think that is very far off. Some people love it, but I couldn't do it. It was just too sweet and an odd complement to the cheese, sour cream, lettuce, tomato, etc. To me, it the sweet pork seems like a better fit for a Southern restaurant.   If it sounds like you may like this sweet pork, give the place a shot. There is often a big line to get food, but this is an efficiency kitchen and they handle rushes with aplomb. I found the dining area awfully loud and uncomfortably packed, but the seating outside alleviates most of that. Still, it's a little hectic for me, especially since I'm not impressed by the food. Get it to go or sit outside, that's my advice.
Okay...so...weird! I have been eating here for years and have never reviewed Costa Vida!! What is wrong with me!?!!   I have three words for you...sweet. pork. tacos. These have got to be my all time favorite tacos! I skip the rice and beans and opt for some chips and salsa instead. Perfect!  Fresh tortillas made right in front of you! Delicious salsas. Friendly service. Super fun atmosphere! Just go...go get some sweet pork tacos, kick back and enjoy a yummy meal every single time you visit.
I went here with a friend tonight for a quick dinner, and neither of us had eaten all day.  Let me tell you, we were not disappointed. Their sweet pork quesadillas are incredible, and they are exactly the way I imagined them to be. The servings are a big larger than I am used to, so I couldn't finish all of it, but the containers we were given easily fit lids to make them quick carry-outs. Definitely going to be eating here again, yum!  Watch it made right in front of you, friendly atmosphere, spacious area inside and out to eat.
Good burritos...be prepared to wait in line if you go at rush hour but likely worth it. Sweet pork burritos are unique and good....also try the chipolte chicken burrito (not on menu)..it's tasty. The nachos were not good. It would be great if they offered ground beef as well as shredded beef as an option.
My friend took me here for lunch and it was sooooo good. I didn't even know this place was here, it's hidden by all the other buildings around it but I'm super glad my friend introduced me to this place. Will be coming here more often.
Came in for Taco Tuesday--which seems like the most economical way to eat tacos here! $1.50 per taco instead of close to $5 per taco. There are also daily specials. Tried the grilled chicken, sweet pork, and raspberry chipotle chicken tacos. All very testy, but my fave was the sweet pork. Very tasty!  Beware, lines start about 6:15pm and are dozens of people deep! Lines move quickly for the ordering, but backs up at the registers.  The woman behind me ordered a salad, which started with a homemade tortilla on the bottom, all the other fixings, then lettuce on top.  Will likely be headed back to try the salad and nachos, they both looked delish!
it was good, but a little expensive..
After living a couple blocks from Dana Park for almost 2 years, I finally found myself here. I really enjoy Cafe Rio so I was expecting something similar. I got a small chicken salad with the black beans and it was good, the dressing was good, everything was good. The restaurant was hot, the cashier even made a comment about it, and that's really the only negative. It wasn't the best meal I've had but I'll definitely be coming back.
Sweet Pork salad, always. YUM.
We went here on a Tuesday around 11am. It didn't even look like the place had been cleaned from the night before. The line moved VERY slow and the people behind the counter seemed very unorganized. One of them didn't even know the menu items. They  just throw it on the grill or flat top to reheat it. Although.. the tortillas are delicious! The rest of the food was average at best. We tried 4 menu items. When you go to sit down there are big trash cans right next to the tables. Not what I want to eat by. Definitely not what I expected from a place named "Costa Vida" Kind of a dirty, dingy thrown together fresh-mex joint. Giving it two stars instead of one because the tortillas are outstanding and the place has potential.
I've been coming here for years and the food is great. The bathrooms on the other hand are a whole other story. Toilet paper all over the floors, railing, and walls. Unflushed toilets with poop in them. Pee all over the seats. You name it, I saw it in there. I had to hover my poor daughter over the seat because everything was so disgusting. If they can't manage to keep their bathrooms clean, how on earth do they keep they keep their kitchen clean??
Food is consistently good & fresh. Staff friendly & service prompt. Wish the line moved quicker when there at a busy times.  Prices are great for amount of food you get
This place is pretty good! It's the same concept as chipotle but not organic and has way more menu items to choose from. The best thing I've had is the sweet pork salad..at first it sounded weird to have sweet pork in my salad but it's the best! The small is a big enough portion for me. I sometimes think their kinda stingy with their meat and have asked for more and say that's the usual amount and give me a dirty look ..so their not as nice as chipotle when you ask for extra anything..but over all it's good. On Tuesdays the small sweet pork salad is $5..
This place isn't really a mexican restaurant. It's closer to pita jungle in my book. If my wife didn't love this place, I probably would never eat here.  We usually go for taco tuesdays because otherwise we couldn't justify the high cost. It's almost always a 20-30min wait to get through the line. The tacos are soggy, the tortillas are undercooked, all the meats are too sweet. The workers are inconsistent with the amount of meat they put on the tacos.  On the bright side, the lime ranch is really good. The workers are generally friendly.  Gentlemen, I applaud your sacrifice and willingness to eat here for your wife's sake.
I took my wife here on our first date and I believe that is the reason she married me. I heard of this place in 2006 and tried the sweet pork burrito enchilada style with mild sauce. It was so delicious, fresh, and amazing that it has been impossible for me to order anything else. The pork sauce is sweet and savory. Whenever I go back to AZ I always go here!
Yes the wait is long, for a very good reason. The food is awesome. We have always loved Costa Vida and always will
Just had this place for lunch.  Had the sweet pork Salad upon my sister's recommendation it was pretty legit.  I would recommend it or take a friend there.  The tortillas are made fresh before your eyes, food quality was good, the serving side was HUGE.  It has kind of a chipotle feel with a more extensive menu.  If your looking for legit Mexican food places like this are probably not what your looking for, but if your looking for tasty baja style food at a decent price then this place is for you.    On a side note, they have those REALLY COOL soda machines that have pretty much every soda imaginable lol.  I dig it!
I don't know what everyone else is eating here, but I have eaten here 2 times and no one in my family liked the food, and I couldn't even eat it. I assume they think of themselves in the Baja Fresh/Rubios/Chipotle style of restaurant, but this place has a really weird vibe.  I am very forgiving when it comes to food, and I love those other burrito places and generally am happy to eat any mexican food, but this place crossed the line of decency.  The first time I was here I got a sort of chicken burrito, it was gross, could not taste the chicken through the sauces and junk on it and did not finish (I always finish).  My kids got taco and nachos and didn't eat much, I tried them and understood why.  2nd visit I got a sort of steak burritto, and kept it fairly plan.  Again, it was not very good.  The meat was sweet and just not good.  The family also not impressed again.  The towards the end of the meal a worker came by with a mop and was mopping the floor of the room we were in, while we were in it (cornering us).  The mop water was so foul smelling that we just had to leave.  Bad experiences.  This place has a very weird vibe.  Nothing lively about their food,  Although the smell did remind me of the coast, but not the coast I like to visit.
Oh my gosh, yummy! I love Costa Vida!! Their salads are great and their burritos are fantastic. The best part about the salads and burritos are the cilantro lime rice and the black beans. Way too much food to eat in one sitting but well worth the price and the visit. Bring home the leftovers for a tasty treat on day two.
The servers behind the counter are rude and move too fast for a first timer! Everything seemed drenched in sauce and I hated that the iced tea was only available behind the counter and I couldn't fill/refill myself. I liked the quick melt oven similar to Quiznos but I wouldn't recommend to a friend.
Great innovative choices. Sweet pork is tasty, but a little too sweet for me. Mango chipotle chicken is good. Portions are HUGE! I am almost never able to finish the salad, enchilada, or burritos. Salad is good with the mango chicken without dressing. It doesn't need the dressing since the mango chicken sauce is so saucy already. Super cheap for taco tuesdays, but always big line. Despite the big line, they try to be pretty fast. Love that you can see them make the tortillas and food fresh.
Stop by here all the time for some sweet pork nachos. The food here is soo good and reasonably priced for the huge portions. The setup is like a chipotle. You walk down the line and pick out what you want. The only downside to this place is the long lines. Every time I'm here the line is practically out the door and it moves very slow. The employees here seem to always have a lack of training and motivation. Be prepared to keep an eye in which plate is yours because they will not know. Some systems to ensure proper flow of the line would be very useful here.
Costa vida can be good the problem is that it's not constantly good. Also the pricing is confusing and if you ask the employes (ex. Does a side of sour cream cost anything?) all of them will give you a different answer. I like the pork but a lot of the time it is hardly shredded at all.
sweet pork burritio smothered. 'nuff said!
During lunch, be prepared to wait in line for at least 10min. You order your food as they prepare it ....kind of like Subway.  I ordered the "carne asada" taco but I didn't really like the taste of the meat...it tasted really gamey.  I usually get their Friday special for  $4 -  it comes with a cheese enchilada, beans & rice. It's pretty good for the price but again, be prepared to wait in line.
My Favorite part about Costa Vida is that when I finish my meal, I don't feel weighed down like one typically feels after eating Mexican Food.  It is not only Fresh, but CLEAN.  Thank You Costa Vida for keeping your cooking process Clean and ingredients Fresh.  We can tell a difference.  Great Flavors.   My only critique would be the long lines.
Yum. Forever holds a spot in my stomach and a place in my heart. Well it was my place of employment for four years. I miss all the regulars and fun times spent on cultivating food, service, and improvements!
This is the spot for Mexican food in the area. The burritos are huge! And everything taste fresh. From the sweet pork to the queso, there's nothing there I wouldn't try. And even though they always seem to be packed, there's enough seating both inside and outside. Rather it's lunch or dinner (or both), it's money well spent.
I really wanted to like this place but the food is so blah. I got three tacos (pork, shrimp, and shredded beef). They took the tortillas and placed then on the flat top, which I thought was to warm them up and then they put cheese on them and waited until it melted. The kept them on for so long that they all burned until you could smell them burning and they were black.  Then they added the meat, lettuce, poco and sour cream. There was so much juice from the meat and pico that the tacos were dripping and soggy. But the bizarre thing was that they had zero flavor. The pork meat was very sweet which was kind of a nasty combo with the pico and sour cream.  So I guess I'm the odd ball based on the rest of the reviews. I think this would be a great place for someone who does not like spices or is afraid that Mexican food is too spicey. No worries here since the food is very bland.
Went there with my hubby and 2 kids on a Sunday afternoon.  The restaurant doesn't look like much from the outside... I was a little nervous.  The inside was pretty clean and tidy... not much for decor but   there was a guy on karoke singing songs in Spanish!   We went mainly for the pupusas.... they were cheap, a lil' oily and oh so cheesy!  There are 3 types available, plain w/cheese, cheese and bean and a pork cheese and bean.  we ordered a couple of each  and were not disappointed.  Next time I'll ask them to make them "well done"  a couple were kinda doughy... the slaw they came with was ok.. nothin special...   They had a sign for 12 pupusas for $12 Mon-Fri... I dont remember what type but it sounded like a good deal.....    We'll definately be back!
Pupusas for $1.50...oohh sooo good...but oohh soo greasy.  This resturaunt seems like Grandma's in the kitchen. The pupsas are a Salvidorian kinda thingy...  Hand made thick corn tortilla filled inside w/ cheese beans and pork.  My one and ONLY complaint is that thier cheese is too greasy, after it melts, out pours the oily mess.   but hey, you'll love it and you'll never know until you try it.   & YOU HAVE TO TRY IT!!!
Small pupusas for $1.50 good huh? BUT GREAZAY! The toppings were real good. BUT alas.... The place is small real weird looking blue colors and the kareokey was uhhhh yea lol. I just so did not dig the little joint. They seriously need a fashion ambush. I love/hate the cheese melting in your mouth don't get me wrong that is great, but again it's greasy so that's bad. It gets you full and it's cheap. But yeah I will come back don't worry I won't let you go out of business.
everytime i come to vegas, i have to come eat here. pupusas are yummy. love the beans with fried bananas & cream. nice staff.
Tasty pupusas... nuff said?  Cheap and not too greasy.   Oh yeah, they have orange soda.    Ok ok... the restaurant was roomy and clean too.  The girls behind the counter were nice.   Might see ya there!
They did do a remodeling of the inside! See? Plus the pupusas are the same. But they are less greasy now. They taste awesome! Karaoke still there.
The food was absolutely delicious. I had the pupusas and they were very good. I also ate the platanos Fritos and they were soooo yummy. Defenatly recommend this place. Only thing is waitress was rude, but I guess the food makes up for it.
We ordered combo #1, some pupusas revueltas & a shrimp pupusa! Soooo good! Best food ever!!!
Great please to eat, sit, and relax. The main reason I come here was for the pupusas and they do not disappoint. Just customer service sucks .
Since it is near my house and I love pupusas, I tried this place and my friend yelp! this place for their delicious food. The food was amazing! Was big, very tasteful and very friendly customers service!
horrible service..Ruined my family breakfast, I decided to give them another chance months later but I ordered to go because I didn't want to deal with the attitude, Only to get home and see the wrong order!! $18 for a wrong breakfast..
Yum  This place is very good and very authentic. Initially I was upset they were out of the pork tamales, but the chicken tamal was excellent I also had a few bites of a pork chili relleno and nothing could describe it other than amazing. I have returned a few times and it is always good!
A must go if you're looking for delicious pupusas and other Salvadoran or Mexican dishes. The bean and cheese pupusas are great plain, no sauce or salsa needed. I always get three carne tacos and 2 bean and cheese pupusas and I am stuffed. I have never been dissatisfied with their food or service.
2nd part of tonite's, " i'm in a shit mood so let me eat my way home ." - saw some comments about LAs Pupusa in the past, it's on the way - what the heck.  I get a pork Pupusa and a chicken tamale - $3.50 - seems cheap .  took about 15 minutes to get the food ( i ordered to go ) - the restaurant is large but few customers - let's go !!!  take it home.  It's been about 30-40 minutes before i try both - still very warm / hot - that's a good sign.  The pork pupusa - tasty, could use a little more pork.  i wish i saw BK's review about having it cooked well done because those were the best parts.  The tamale - one bite - ehhh .  too damn greasy for me !  good price, good pupusa  my next stop was across the street - siena italian deli  - closed !!! are you shittin' me !!   next stop - Thanh Huong !!!
I've been living close to Eastern and Trop for ... like 8 years already but haven't had a chance to check out this place yet. And ... encouraged by great reviews (and :) ... as I find myself following B.K already) I decide to give Las Pupusas a shot. And it definitely lives up to its name ... I was hungry like a wolf so I ended up ordering 4(!) pupusas - 2 with Chicharron (Pork) and 2 with Loroco y Queso (Cheese). And that was my mistake :) because when girl gave me bag with my food it seemed a little to heavy. They put like a whole pound of spicy cabbage, good 8-9 oz of that liquid stuff you pour on top of it (I just don't know the name of it in Spanish) and 4 good size pupusas. I did ask them to cook pupusas crispy because it does taste better.  So, bottom line: + quality + quantity ! + price ... (although it's probably average for this type of places but still) .. my bill was like $7 - well ... I'm not sure for the rest of the menu ... I will have to try something else but I'll reserve 5 start rating for places that really WOW me. This restaurant is a great value for a casual meal but nothing fancy. So 4 stars - solid GOOD!
I was a Salvadorean virgin before Las Pupusas and am so increibly glad they were my first. Yum. Delish. To-die-for. A cheap plate of delectables. Excellent value off of the strip. Friendly staff, even friendlier locals. Leave room for dessert; there's a world famous bakery (rightly so!) next door.
I had my food brain all set to try "rice balls" at Oh!  Nigiri! in the same center, but Oh!  Nigiri! was closed for the weekend.  So...wanting something more unusual than Marie Callender's, Las Pupusas was my choice.  I had the tamales con elote and two pupusas:  one queso con loroco and one calabaza.  The tamales (two) come with a large pool each of sour cream and refried beans.  The pupusas come with a shredded cabbage slaw (some kind of clear dressing) on the side.  Everything was okay, if not highly spiced.  Portions were huge, and prices very low.  I couldn't finish anything because just two pupusas and two tortillas was way too much food.  I also had a horchata, and it's different from the Mexican Horchata.  The Salvadoran horchata has a taste like slightly toasted rice and a bit of a coffee flavor, too.  It's not as smooth, as creamy or as sweet as Mexican horchata, but I can't say I like it less.  It's simply different.  The decor reminded me of something you would find at a public swimming pool--no need for black tie here!
Pupusas could use a bit more time on the grill, lack of non-Americanized options like Chicken (just the normal pork and cheese varieties); still awesome over-all.  The refried beans are /AMAZING/.  Plenty of seating, fast service, bone up on your spanish, etc etc.
Super clean, friendly service, food is a little slow to come out -- but that's because it's all made from scratch -- and given the ingredients, that's a great thing.    Their salpicon, chopped beef, radish, mint, onions, cilantro, lime, is fresh and fantastic.    Their pasteles are large -- crispy -- either chicken or pork with curtido, they're terrific.    Their pupusas are best well done -- but they don't quite get that instruction -- but then I don't speak spanish... but they're quite good -- I'm partial to the queso y loroco.  With the curtido and spicy sauce, mmmmmmgood.   Think Salvadoran version of grilled cheese & tomato soup (ok cold tomato soup), regardless, definitely comfort food.    Today, their mixto cocteles was mostly tomato -- los tacos and la palapa have better ones, but that's ok.    We watched a young woman enjoying her sieptes mares -- and it looked truly spectacular.    And their flan, if you're not planning on dessert from Freed's next door, is truly transcendent.  This place is HUGE, great for groups, extremely inexpensive, fresh & fantastic, plus close to UNLV -- at Eastern @ Trop.
This is decent for what it is. I don't expect much considering we are in Vegas. Filling at best.
Avoid this place at all cost.  I came based on the reviews but cleary not written but actual customers.  Place was empty on a Friday night and that's never a good sign.  Ordered the carnitas burrito and it was bland, the meat over cooked and the rice was bad. Yuck!  That's what I thought.  Rest of the party ordered shrimp fajitas and carne asada plate and neither faired any better.  The pita bread that was supposed to be a tortillas I couldn't even eat it.    No chips and salsa to start with and the place was a little dirty.  Prices were about the only thing positive to write about.  If you want authentic Mexican food this isn't the place.
Had to stop cause I was craving it since my friends back in SF were posting their cravings for Pupusas all over FB!! So, stopped in and ordered a cheese/herb and a pork/cheese combo.  They came out warm and gooey...delish! And I had the option of putting as much sauce or as little sauce as I want since they gave me the bottle of sauce. 2 pupusas and a Dos Equis for $7.03!!! Can't beat that price! They also have plenty more on the menu...next time I come back I'm gonna try the seafood soup! Oh, and they were VERY nice....
There are a ton of Salvadorian restaurants throughout Las Vegas. Big ones, small ones, mini-chains, etc. I've tried a few, but keep coming back to this one. Maybe its because one of my best friends is a Salvadorena, or maybe it is because I've never met a Salvadoreno I didn't like, but the namesakes of this place are amazing. I've had many different kinds of the pupusas here, but on my last visit I had the been and cheese. They were like heaven. Each bite more delicious than the last. I also had an order of plantains...can't get enough of these, and Las Pupusas does them just as good as any of the Cuban restaurants in town. The group I was with all had different things (carne asada, pupusas, salad, etc...) and all were very very happy with their selections. It was a Wednesday night around 6:30, and the place was pretty busy (mind you, this place is big for a "hole in the wall")...mostly families but a fair share of people picking up dinner to take home.  I particularly like this place because they are patient. Sometimes when you don't speak the language the staff can be really impatient, or even rude...not the case at Las Pupusas, they are very friendly, very patient and will make substitutions if you ask nicely. My meal of 3 pupusas, plantains and water was around $6 and I was super full. I don't know anywhere else where I can get this feeling (that is not the Terrible's Buffet or Cici's Pizza) in Las Vegas.
MMM MMMM MMM, SO FREAKIN' BOMBTASTIC!!  This is my favorite pupusa place. They make your pupusas the second you order them so they're as fresh as can be. I love the mixed pork, bean, and cheese ones, they're my absolute favorite!   I've come here about 3 times already. The last time i came I got 4 pupusas which came with the ensalada and tomato sauce for about 7 bucks, so cheap!  I have no complaints about this place, my mouth is starting to drool just thinking about their pupusas, mmmm!
my cousin introduced me to pupusas when i visited him in california. i came home fiending for them. i started asking around and las pupusas was the number one spot.   i had a bean and cheese pupusa and a revuelta(mixed chicharones, beans, and cheese) pupusa, two, pork salvadorian(theyre more wet than mexican and rapped in a banana leaf)  tamales, and plantanos empanadas. i devoured everything and nothing was going to stop me. i cant wait to go back and try new things.
This is the first place we came for Pupusas when we first moved here 6 years ago and to this day we still pop in on occasion for a pupusa fix...  we also tried their "cheeseless" nachos, carne asada, chicken encebollado, and their casamiento(Salvadoran Breakfast) which are pretty good as well. Their Pupusas are their "claim to fame"  kinda like a hot pocket but only a thousand times better, these bad boys are huge, addicting, and doesn't break the bank, even better when they're cooked nice and crisp with burnt oozing cheese around the edges.  Their horchata is my drink of choice, slightly diiferent from the mexican version(Salvadoran style is made with toasted rice) My wife always gets the ensalada, kinda like a pineapple agua fresca with bits of apple inside. Think its almost time to pay Las Pupusas another visit...ALOHA!!!
It's good enough for what it is - a strip mall Salvadorean restaurant.  I stumbled in around 8:00 one evening.  The place is huge, and was mostly empty.  I'm assuming that there is a reason there are so many tables, maybe there is a wild lunch rush.  For a quick, cheap, and filling meal, this would fit the bill.  We kept our menu simple.  A pile of papusas (all bean and cheese), some plantains (yum), a steak and rice burrito, some horchata and a pineapple drink that another reader recommended.  The papusas were decent enough, greasy and warm, the fit the bill.  I'm a big fan of the simple vinagary-tomatoey sauce that comes with them (Frank's Red Hot is one of my top 10 food products, so my preferences trend toward vinagar and spice).  The rice in the burrito was a bit weird - at first I thought it was potatoes, it was mushy in a weird way.  But, it all had the seasoning of the beef, so it was salty and satisfying.  The plantains were rather greasy, but still, who can resist sweet fried plantains?  Middle of the road in terms of quality and taste, but it's about as cheap as it comes, so it gets bonus points for that.  It sure beats Taco Hell for Latin themed food any day of the week!
I think we ate here 3 times on our trip to Vegas. Delicious, cheap, great for kids, friendly service. Do get try horchata, it has an amazing toasted, nutty flavor, much different than mexican horchata. Not sure about the Mexican menu, we stuck with the namesake. The pupusas are amoung the best i've had.
Walking in, I was a bit confused on what we should do. Sit down? Wait for someone to lead us to a table? Go to the counter to order. I was a bit upset that no one greeted us but I really wanted to pupusas so I mustered up the strength to just sit down at the table. Finally someone arrived with menus.   Order: Beef Milenasa, 3 pupusas (cheese, mixed, pork) and empanadas leche.  The beef milenasa was delicious. Probably my favorite from what we ordered. The tortillas were different. Thicker and cornier? I liked them. Very filling.  The pupusas were great but the pork and mixed were a bit oily. The extra sour cream that I ordered neutralized the oiliness. The salad was great with it too.   Oh, you also have to scream to get some water. We didn't scream, so we didn't get any water. No one really came back to check on us. Star drop. :o( Sorry, las pupusas.
Good, filling delicious little pupusas! I had un de queso (cheese) and un de revuelta (cheese and beans). Topped with cortido (shredded cabbage in a slightly spicy sauce) and a tangy sauce, it's the perfect blend of starch and filling. We ordered tamarindo (a fruit drink) and ensalada ("salad" but in this case a juice with finely diced fruit on top). Yum!  The service and atmosphere here is not glamorous but the food makes up for it.
I have heard about these pupusas - so I thought I would try it out.  This place has about 60 tables looks like a quick service place but they do have a waitress.  The waitress explained what a pupusas is so I tried 3 different kinds; pork, chicken, and I think a cheese.  They are basically a thick soft corn tortilla stuffed mostly with cheese.  They give you a side of fresh shredded cabbage salad.  They were pretty tasty.  What I liked most was the cheese oozed out and was grilled so it had that crispy tangy chewy goodness.  I don't know what that is called - but I like it!  I think they would be good with some sauce on them - but they were still very tasty.  The service was very good, too.
You walk into this place and it looks like a hole-in-the-wall dinner.  The tables are a little tipsy, the chairs are purely functional, the floor reminds me of a hospital cafeteria. That's right... and if it wasn't for the pure deliciousness being served at this restaurant I would never go back... However, this was simply the best Mexican food I've ever had.  I'll add for the sake of full disclosure that I know very little about Mexican food--my friend who was with me, however, is married to a Mexican girl--born and bred.  They go to Mexico City to visit her family all the time and he loves his spicy, fresh full of flavor Mexican taco (the food, not his Chiquita :).  My friend said it was authentic--we're not talking tex-mex... real deal solid food.   Just ignore the décor..   Oh... and the prices were so cheap that I felt like I was cheating them.
I asked what was best and ended up with shredded beef.  She said definitely better than the pupusas.  Quality of beef was OK and tomato was looking past it's prime.  I dont quite get the positive reviews here.   The tamarind drink was excellent, however.
I had to try some Pupusas, looked so good on yelp reviews. We had the pork and cheese Pupusas, plantains with beans and sour cream ,sounds weird but actually I liked it. We also had the pork tamales. , Wife had the chile rellano   Pupusas was served with some vinegar marinated cabbage and a watery sauce? The sauce was really bland, don't know what the purpose of the sauce was but they need something better. Pupusas was a little greasy but I don't mind a little grease. First time having pauses so don't now how it supposed to be but I guess they were alright .   Plantains were good dipped in the sour cream and beans, hard to screw up fried plantains unless you burn um these were cooked perfect.   Pork tamales were very good wrapped in banana leaves that added a nice sweetness to them. Very moist.  Wife said chile rellanos were alright. All this food for $20 bucks plus tip , hell yeah this cheap ass will be back.  Lots of seating more cafeteria style, only handful of customers. Service was alright.
This place is our second home!   First off don't expect Mexican food. Salvadorians speak spanish but do not cook the same way.   The pupuas are great. It almost like pita bread stuffed with cheese, pork, loroca are a combo of all.   For breakfast you cannot go wrong with casamiento. Eggs, platnos (Almost like fried bananas) with cream, a mix of beans and rice together and tortillas (that are like pita bread, that is Salvi style).   That with a cup of coffee or ensalada (fruit drink) will definitely fill you up.   And if you are looking for a deal, this is it. 2 people and the bill is under $20.00.   If you don't speak Spanish don't worry, they are very nice and understanding when you order.
Good pupusas, but even better nachos! We really miss living in Vegas because we haven't found a place close to use we just as good pupusas. Good and friendly service and enough space.
This is the first place my boyfriend and I eat at every time we come to Las Vegas. We've eaten here 5 times since April 2010 and have never been even remotely disappointed.  We always get 3 cheese & herb Pupusas and one pork, the combo plate of plantains, crema and refried beans, and my boyfriend usually orders the Seafood Soup, Shrimp Soup or Shrimp Cocktail.  The homemade corn tortillas that come with the soups are too die for!  Everything is wonderful that we've had. I always say I'm going to try something new but I love the Pupusas and Ensalada that comes with them soooo much that I can't go there and not have them!
The food was great; authentic, giant portions. The Italian in me pushed for the breaded veal, and I was delightfully surprised. The decor is what you'd expect of a 3 star Peruvian joint, but the staff was friendly and I received only got a few quizzical looks from the regulars. I'd suggest it for a quick bite in the area or if you're a futbol fan looking for some decent food and a quick beer from south of the border., but not for much else.
I had the number 31 here which is carne GUIsada not asada, as I stupidly kept thinking was what the server was saying.  The difference being that guisada is braised beef and asada is grilled.  My confusion started with looking up Mexican places open at 9:00 pm on yelp and this place came up.  Not knowing what a pupusa is didn't help either, as it is actually a Salvadorean staple dish apparently.  Nevertheless, I was hungry and always down to try something new.   To drink, I had the kolashampas, which tastes like bubble gum soda. Not too shabby.  My only complaint here is that I ordered chicken quesadillas as appetizers, but they ended up coming out with the carne guisada. They were delicious anyhow, as was the carne guisada which has a mildly spicy tomatoish sauce strewn over it.  Makes for great dipping with the pupusa bread.  The servers were polite and helpful, although they probably couldn't help themselves from smiling at the book in my hand (grad school). The prices were not too bad at all either, think I ended up paying like $17 for all three things.
Yum the Mexican Ladies in my office introduced me to Pupusas today and i am a fan! i had the mixed Pupusas and the coleslaw and hot sauce was super yummy but also really greasy. the good kind of greasey.And for $1.75 a piece you cant beat it! Definatly going to be back soon
Can I just profess my love for the Yelp iPhone App? My friend and I were in Vegas and just finished up our 90 minute facials at the Aveda Institute so we checked the Yelp App for a good place to eat. And we were amazed to find this little gem in the same plaza. It was boiling hotttt so we were happy to know that we'd only have to walk a couple doors down for this highly rated place. When we got inside, we were happy to see only Latin people eating there - a good sign, right? We sat down, ordered more food than we should have and were in heaven. Everything was exactly as it should be. I'm a vegetarian and found lots of options on the menu. My friend had the chicken taco which she loved and actually turned into two chicken tacos. The papusas (my first time) were intensely good. Mine had beans and cheese and it was yum, yum, yummy! Best of all, after all our food and drinks (chicken tacos, quesadilla, 4 papusas, 2 drinks) our damage was around $15. YES!!
I had two demands when my better half was relocated to Vegas 1) a house with a pool  2) Finding an El Salvadorean place to get pupusas.   I love Pupusas because they invite you to partake in a bit of Mayan culinary antiquity. Masa lovingly rolled by hand and slapped on a sizzling grill, topped with cabbage curtido and a light tomato salsa. My favorite is the queso con loroco pupusa's. Loroco is a fragrant mesoamer  flower whose herbal leaves are mixed with the cheese and stuffed inside the masa_Divine I say!  The platanos are also very good here. The pupusa's here are lard free and very light, which is really key. A great vegetarian dinner for about 6 dollars. Be prepared, this is a homestyle joint, with blaring telemundo and sticky floors~ but it all adds to the autheticity and great meal.
So a new place to try, Salvadoran food.  First time to try it and what the heck is a "Pupusas" anyway?  I have seen these little restaurants all over town, small little places, and wonder what their menu has on it that makes it so popular.    My husband, the real foodie in the family, said he'd read some good reviews and we should try it.  So we stopped in and found a empty place.  Were we early for dinner, or was this a warning sign?  I soon found out that it was just an early dinner that found the place so empty.     So I selected something that at least sounded like something you'd find in a Mexican place, the Chile rellano.  It was mild and had rather ordinary flavor, so it wasn't a big hit.  My husband got the pork and cheese Pupusas, which turned out to be a thick "tortilla" like flat bread.  It  know that it was very in expensive, and I am sure we'd try it again.  Might have to study the menu a little be harder though.  Service good, clean place, staff friendly.
I am in love with this place!  The food is amazing!! SO GOOD! PUPUSAS!!!! Please the everyone who works there are so friendly.
Holy cow, these Pupusas were great!  I had two and two pork carnitas tacos.  Some of the best Mexican food I've had here in Las Vegas.  There was no one in the joint when we arrived, which was fine with me.  It was a Saturday early afternoon.  The menu is sizable but I knew what I wanted.  The food came out pretty fast and it was everything I thought it would be.  I can't wait to back to this place!
One of these things is not like the others, one of these things just doesn't belong. Ok, the last line might be an exaggeration. At first, as the only minority in the whole restaurant, it made me feel like a Caucasian walking into Chinatown. In the end, good food transcends all boundaries and I am down to devour it all.  I came here with my sister since we have always wanted to try Pupusas. Not exactly sure what they were, made us want them even more. We ordered the mix, cheese, and pork thinking it would be a light meal. Add an order of plantains and it is a done deal. My sister's eyes grew big while I was ordering, but I reassured her that they couldn't be that big for $1.75. Boy was I wrong. If you are going by pictures, look at the scale of pupusas to plate ratio. These big stuffed flat breads are superb.  The mix and cheese were the best because of the nice crispy edges. My con artist of a sister stole the end where the cheese oozed out because it had such a delicate texture. That is the last time I cut it down the middle to share the good parts. For $8, we had a decent size meal for two averagely hungry people. Even in ravenous mode, it would not be expensive to dine here, because everything is so inexpensive.   The service was friendly, but it takes the kitchen some time to turn out food. Now that I know what a pupusa is, the mystery is gone, yet a yearning for more fills that spot.
Going off of the reviews here I ordered 2 pork and bean pupsas thinking that the size would be sufficient. Now, I'm a pretty big eater and probably could've gone with 3 to satisfy my hunger. Though 2 was sufficient for a lunch time meal. The pupusas were not greasy at all and they tasted great. I'd definitely go back, being that it's 2 blocks away from work, and maybe try some of the other ones next time.
Maybe my taste in men has helped me feel less awkward in situations or restaurants like this. Having once had a Hispanic boyfriend allows you to escape the awkwardness of being the token Asian in an establishment, but when you end at Las Pupusas with your Asian brother, the discomfort is inescapable - in fact, it is exponentially multiplied. With the intrigue of pupusas lingering, the both of us were willing to endure the uneasiness. We sat down - ordered a plate of plantains and three pupusas - mix, cheese and pork.  The Mexicans have tortas, the Venezuelans have arepas, the Salvadoreans have pupusas. All of these things have some similarities: take some dough, throw in either cheese, meat or both of these things, and you're done! But mind you, even though these are only $1.75, they are huge. When they came out, we were stunned. Eating them, the flavor is just as big the pupusa itself. The mix with beans and cheese was the best in its simplicity. The cheese was another favorite with that salty cheese that oozed out and made a crust. The pork was not our favorite - its texture grounded to a pulp and flavor just being 'meh'. Throw on some of the slaw they give you, and one pupusa could be a meal in it of itself. The plantains, on the other hand, were also just as good. Perfectly fried up, fresh, and teetering between sweet and savory - they were my first plate of plantains and certainly not my last.  Consider me a Hispanic food hipster, but as I grow older, I am now branching out into these lesser-hyped, obscure cuisines. It's places like this that perpetuate my interest and hunger to try the new and unknown. While initially uncomfortable, I now take the amount of discomfort to directly correlate to the deliciousness of a place - in this case, it's damn good.
Just go, you wont regret it. TRUST ME. Pupusas to die for. And my fave dessert growing up, plantains with sour creme mmm!
Came here for a Sunday afternoon lunch looking for some good Honduran and Salvadorean food.  Was not disappointed.  Service was friendly snd casual.  Dining room area was clean, had a simple 'cafeteria' style quality to it (although the restaurant has waiter service or counter service for take-out).  Tried some of the staples - curtido, pupusas, tamales, salpicon, carne milanesa - my dining guests were big fans of the carne milanesa, but the salpicon and its vinegar-sourness was the star for me, and the pupusas were solid.  Beans and rice were excellent as well - beans were creamy and smooth - more like NOLA red beans type sauce (although mild flavored) and rice was well cooked.  All-in-all a great neighborhood place for some interesting and tasty dining.
Pupusas review only:   Why do they almost always get my order wrong? I speak Spanish and English, but sometimes I just want to order a delicious pupusa without turning it into an international incident. Good luck with this place if you don't speak Spanish, though. I asked for 8 pupusas with frijoles, pollo, y queso (beans, chicken, and cheese), and since I never dine-in at pupusas restaurants, I didn't realize that they totally forgot the frijoles until I got home. Also, they were a great deal greasier than the ones that I get from the Las Pupusas on Valley View and Desert Inn (they speak even less English at this location, but at least the pupusas aren't as greasy).  The atmosphere reeked of the Bald Guy on the bottle of cleaning solution and the dining area is a bit too bright, pedestrian, and family style for my taste. Carry-out is the only option for me at either location.  So, all-in-all I would say they were alright. I love the pickled cabbage and the sauce that goes on top (what's the name of that flavorless red stuff anyway?). Sometimes I just get a craving for pupusas, and since it's one of the few items I've yet to venture to create in my own kitchen, I'm pretty much at the mercy of the non-English speaking pupusas crafters.  Next Friday, I will try the pupusas joint on Eastern and Tropicana, which serves up 99cent pupusas on Lunes y Viernes  (Mondays and Fridays) for carry-out. But only if I can get there early enough (pupusas joints close WAY early).
Terrific pupusas. Cortido was just right.   Broad menu.    Great waitstaff.    Huge Salvadoran  beer.     Carne asada plate with blots of rice and beans and salad.  Highly recommended for a quick and satisfying meal.  Thanks Yelpers!
imo, salvadorean vs mexican cuisine is like comparing a Monet to poker playing dogs on velvet. Pupusas have no peer and Las Pupusas does them better than anyone I've found in the valley. The only problems I have with Las Pupusas is they're too cheap, too good and too close to my home, and make me wanna go there too often.
One of the two or three best meals I've had in Vegas, and the price was under eight bucks!  I'll be coming back here for a looooong time.  The Good: 1)  Incredible pupusas recipe.  Fresh, hot, delicate.  I've had them other places and they weren't done as well. 2)  Preposterously cheap.  If it cost twice as much it would still be a bargain. 3)  Lots of variety on the menu. 4)  Reasonably fast service.  The Bad: 1)  The ambiance is low rent, but that's consistent with most restaurants at this price point.  Heck I've seen taco trucks that are more expensive than Las Pupusas.
Haha, I never thought I'd say this, but I've had better in Wichita.  The pupusas here are a little bland, though the variations were interesting.  They did not have much crust on them.  The crudito was not pickled long enough and also bland.  We also had the corn tamales with crema and frijole.  One tamale was fried and the other was boiled.  I've never had them fried before; my husband prefers it this way.  I prefer it boiled since it's creamier.  Service was indifferent but quick.  Prices were cheap.  Average all around, so it's unlikely that I'll return.
This was the first time I've eaten pupusas.  And they were delicious!      The dishes were great tasting and well portioned.  The prices are affordable and the service was prompt.      What was the downer?  The bathroom wasn't clean...  :(      I was planning to give this place solid four stars, but the trip to the bathroom made me reconsider.        Hopefully, the owner will read this entry and clean that restroom so the customer's last impression won't decrease.
It's close to UNLV and I prefer getting my cheese pupusas over anything at the Student Union. The only thing is that I'd have to give up my parking space at school if I wanna come here for lunch. Staff is super friendly, food takes a while to come out but it's ok with me, and I always leave here satisfied and full.
Ok, so the wait was long.  But that's my only complaint and i forgot all about it once I took my first bite into my papusa.  I came solo and have never had one so like a true gringo, I Googled "how to eat papusa." Many suggestions and decided to dump the cabbage on top and squirt the homemade hot sauce all over.  Then BAM...where have been all my life?!  Crispy, soft, salty, gooey, sweet, spicy, and every adjective in between!  I want another but would never finish the Luenga Rancheras staring me down. You didn't think a gringo would order that did ya? Lengua was tender, tasty, and juicy...great choice!  Especially when accompanied by their thick hand pressed tortillas and addictive rice and beans!  Man, what a nice find...if you haven't been here, get here.  Look passed the shady location and tacky ambiance, and enjoy something new!
I came here because i was starving and saw 4stars out of 50 reviewers. I think It's authentic Salvador food but I don't think it's for my taste buds. I'm so used to the usual Mexican style tamales (i got pork and chicken)The corn was super soft like they used too much water in the mix. The flavor was okay a bit bland (I used a lot of tapitio hot sauce).  My husband also got chicken with cheese pupusas, it wasn't good like two stars. But the crust on the edge was good. The sauce for the pupusas was so bland and water down that I couldn't even tell what it was. The cabbage that came along with it was okay too, It was in the vinegar sauce.   There wasn't really any service but they are nice. The food took awhile to come out as well.   I don't think I'll come back since the food I got was watered down and bland. Hope I don't get sick x[
Amazing cheese pupusas!  Literally, any of the pupusas that contain cheese are excellent.  The tacos were also very good (carnitas and sabor), although a little heavy on the lettuce.  The service was very good and our waitress was very sweet.  One warning is that the pupusas are BIG.  I ordered two plus a taco and ate it all because it was so tasty, but was super stuffed afterward.  Definitely will head back when I'm in Vegas again.
I am not a fan of Pupusas in general so I don't have too much to say about that. But if you are at this location, you should watch how they make it. There is a window to the kitchen so you can watch the ladies make it. It's a skill.  Holy moly, their tamales are incredible. I like that they are made with a soft and smooth corn meal, instead of the Mexican style of grainier corn meal. The flavor of the tamale is also really buttery, which comes from the lard?! Both the chicken and pork are good and the probably the same filling for the Pupusas.   Don't forget to try their apple salad. This is a fruit based drink with diced apples . Not sure what is exactly in it but it's good...  See you soon, my favorite tamales....
OMG Awesome!  Great Tacos, if you go on a Sunday expect a line!  Great Prices, Great Food, Great Service!  A little hard to find, and if you are specific about food, you might want to bring a Spanish speaker.  I will definitely become a regular!
I have tried pupusas in California and the ones at this place was really disappointing and I get the feeling that people who rated the food here as good have just not had really good pupusas. I will never go back.
I like this place! Friendly service and the food is YUM!   Centrally located not far from the UNLV area, this is Salvadorean home cooking! The prices are really really reasonable and you get a lot.
The pupusas were good, the nachos were better and the staff is friendly.
Been here a few times and it is usally good. We came here tonight and ordered Pupusas de revueltas and horchata. Well the hoechata was not the kind im used to (mexican style) and it was horrible to me. We asked the waitress for waters and she took offense to us not liking the drinks.  We got past that. Our pupusas came our fairly quickly and were nice and hot. Too bad they were the wrong kind. We felt bad and didnt want to offend the lady again so we ate them. They gave us bean and cheese.   I hate going to a place where you know there will be a language barrier and we came all the way across town from red rock area and we get the wrong food.  We could have easily sent it back but it was hard enough to communicate the horchata ordeal. If you come here be sure to bring someone that speaks spanish or else theyll hardly talk to you and mess up your order.
I came here because i was starving and saw 4stars out of 50 reviewers. I think It's authentic Salvador food but I don't think it's for my taste buds. I'm so used to the usual Mexican style tamales (i got pork and chicken)The corn was super soft like they used too much water in the mix. The flavor was okay a bit bland (I used a lot of tapitio hot sauce).  My husband also got chicken with cheese pupusas, it wasn't good like two stars. But the crust on the edge was good. The sauce for the pupusas was so bland and water down that I couldn't even tell what it was. The cabbage that came along with it was okay too, It was in the vinegar sauce.   There wasn't really any service but they are nice. The food took awhile to come out as well.   I don't think I'll come back since the food I got was watered down and bland. Hope I don't get sick x[
Great friendly staff. They have the same set of servers everyday. My friends and I are regulars and the ladies that work there know our orders by memory. They repeat them even before we've made up our mind.   They're very nice and take care of you well. They even help me work on my spanish, I appreciate that.   The salsa is runny. This is a Salvadorian place so I'm guessing that's how they make their salsa. It's still good.   The pupusas are FANTASTIC! I always get the rubuelta. It has everything (pork, beans and cheese). One pupusa, rice and beans is $4.50! Can't go wrong with that.
My friends and I eat here at least once a month.  We always get the pupusas revueltas.  Love their curtido (cabbage slaw) and salsa roja to go with them.  The fried yucca and chicharrones are also a must to go with our pupusas.   We've made it a point to try pupusas around town and we always come back to Esmeralda's.  You can't beat the price!  I've also gotten a few pupusas to go and they're great heated up the next day as well.
The food is delicious. The staff is friendly. You can get an absurd amount of food for $20, which in Vegas dollars is practically free.  Our favorites are the yuca con chicharrones and the pupusas revueltas. Great stuff. You should go.
The food was okay.....even the chips were cold!  I drove out of my way to this location to eat the food and I was disappointed!   It should have "hit me in the head" to think that maybe this restaurant would NOT have good Salvadorian food since they were serving "Mexican" style tortilla chips.   Fresh Salvadorian hand-made tortillas with butter or cheese would have been BETTER!  Oh Well!
It was a dark and stormy night...  After driving through what seemed like the 7th dimension of hell, I arrived at Bomberos.  It was warm, inviting and filled with a palpable energy.  As I took in my surroundings and scanned the menu, my first impression was "latin Postino" - the room was open with a variety of seating that would certainly spill out onto the lovely outdoor patio on a typical glorious Phoenix evening, a menu of wines by the glass from South America, and cheeses, bruschetta, and other "light fare".  Needless to say, my first impression was quite good.    Then came the wine.  And a sampling of light fare.  And a second glass of wine.  And... it was all just okay.  I tend to be a little overly focused on food sometimes, especially when I am hungry like I was that night, so I was initially tripped up my this slight misstep.  I initially thought, Bomberos, 3 stars.    But now as I am sitting here, the food seems rather immaterial.  Had I just gone for drinks, I would have docked it 1 star for the so-so wine, but that's about all.  As I am sitting here now, what I remember is a well-lit room, full of warmth, with music humming around me, full of people having fun.    So, 4 stars it is.  Potential to add 1 star if they re-work the wine menu.  I will be back for sure.
My husband and I came here Friday night as part of our "phoenix tour of wine bars." Too bad the "tour" only lasted for two places... oh well. We were supposed to just have one drink at Bomberos and move on, but I thought the place was so cute, I made us stay longer. First of all, I agree with some other posters that the food isn't anything to write home about. We had some bruschetta and it was just OK. Pretty much tasted like something I'd make at home -- not bad, but not earth-shattering. Also, they could expand their menu a bit.  That being said, I really liked the feel of this place -- not pretentious at all, and yet cool. The outside patio was beautiful and the inside was nice and cozy. The bartender and waitress were both really friendly, and I liked my wine. I tried one of the Uruguayan ones, I think it was the tannat. Yum! I was also excited to see the Quilmes beer, as well as the Argentine wines -- I developed a fondness for them when I was studying abroad in Buenos Aires during college and I still love a good malbec more than just about anything else... Unfortunately, Bomberos is kind of far from our place, so I doubt we'll come back very often, but the next time I'm in that part of Phoenix, I definitely want to stop by again.
Bombero's is the BOMB!  Went for my first time Friday night, And it will most surly not be my last! Perfect Place to "wine" down after a loong week and just chill/drink/conversate with your most charming friends and watch their faces glow next to the flames while the warmness melt onto your skin from the pitfire..  ahhh... Oh yeah and the waiter there that night was one of the coolest I have yet to meet.
I stopped in here with a friend on a Friday night (who drove by about seven times, in seemlng disbelief that something so cool looking would be in this 'hood). The scene? People-wise, it felt a bit like I was walking into the middle of a country club wedding. In fact, there was one women with a pink sweater tied around her shoulders. I've heard I was there on an off night--but it was definitely a 40+ date night the night I came.   I'm told it's normally packed with a diverse and fun mixed crowd. There were some on the brilliant patio, which is complete with a red Vespa, comfy seating and a blazing fire pit. The wine and beer selection are focused primarily on South American and Latin American imports. I really enjoyed the Quilmes lager I ordered, it reminded me of some I've had on my visits to Costa Rica.  The live music was great and fit in well with the South American theme. There is a large 8-person table inside for larger parties, plus several smaller 2- and 4-person tables. Very cozy. For those who enjoy admiring their pink sweater ensembles, check out the gigantic oversized mirror. There is also a flat-screen TV on the wall if your boyfriend won't leave the house if there is a game playing. If you're feeling neglected, I suggest you sit under the TV. It will feel like all of the men in the joint are staring at you. Can't wait to hang out on the patio next time.
Bomberos is a great addition to Sunny Slope!  At night, it's a nice place to try a new wine, relax on their comfy sofas, and enjoy the person you're sitting across from.  In the morning, it's a great place to pick up a coffee to go or read the paper while the bartender watches the Cartoon Network - come on, where else can you get that?!  I'm keeping 2 stars from them for their bad choice in chairs inside the bar (patio furniture belongs on the patio) and for the horrible bread served w/ their appetizers - considering they only have bread based apps, this is a big deal!
My husband and I were there with another couple on a Wednesday night.  It is a neat space (it used to be a fire station).  There is a great patio with a nice firepit, but it was packed outside so we ski-doodled our way inside.    Love the interior.  It was a mix of modern wine cellar and cool urban loft.    We ordered their cheese, specialty meats and bruschetta platters.  My favorite from the bunch were the specialty meats (prosciutto, chorizo & salami -- all delicious) and the apple + brie bruschetta.  In hindsight, we should have ordered individual dishes.  The three platters were just not enough to keep four people full.    The service was friendly but slow.  I hope this is not the norm, but there was only one guy servicing both the patio and the restaurant.  Hope they get him some extra help!  A bonus:  the restaurant is dog-friendly.
Bomberos Cafe & Wine Bar is my new neighborhood hangout.  It's perfect.  The patio is lovely, the inside decor is charming and in addition to an artfully created wine list, they have a delightful menu for social munching.  They aren't just a wine bar.... With their morning coffee and pastries, their dog friendly patio, and their free wifi, Bomberos is earning a place in the neighborhood in the morning as well.  When owners Oscar and Kristi Mastrantuono chose their location, he had some ready made advantages as well as some interesting challenges.  The building is an old firehouse, thus the name Bombero which means fireman in Spanish.  The space is small, but they retained the firehouse doors.  On days when the weather cooperates, I suspect that they will be able to open those doors and expand seating to the ample walkway in front of the station.  Any area big enough to hold a few fire trucks is certainly big enough for a few patio tables.  The Mastrantuonos have used the area in back of the building to good advantage.  He has created a delightful seating area.  The landscape is soothing and enchantingly lit with candles, strategically placed electric lights and a central fire pit. There are couches and chairs toward the back which appear to be a stage area for the nights when they have live music.  The interior is just spare enough to be dramatic while still maintaining warmth and intimacy.  The night I was there, they had arranged vases of tulips on the tables and community seating areas.  The contrasting textures, of lots of steel, mirrors, brick and glass did not overwhelm those beautiful tulips.  So it is with their clientele... the environment enhances, never overwhelms.  Bomberos opens at 7am each morning with coffee and pastries.  I expect that they will do well during the mornings.  In addition to good coffee and pastries, they provide free wifi.  That will make it very easy for people working nearby to stop in for their break, or arrange morning meetings on their patio.  The wine list is exclusively South American.  They have some inspired choices.  I was only able to try 2, and managed to taste a sip of 2 others.  I loved the La Yunta 2005 Torronts.  I had the Cousino Macul Antiguas Reservas Cabernet which was good, but didn't capture my taste buds the way the La Yunta did. The 2 Brothers Big Tattoo was more to my liking.  Not only was that delicious, $.50 of every bottle sold goes to "charities benefiting breast cancer research.  I can drink with a social conscience.  It is easy to find things on the menu to enhance your wine choices.  They have 5 different Bruchetta.  For $10 you select 3 varieties for your plate.  Of the three chosen by the friend who accompanied me that evening, i loved one, and thought the other 2 were good, but nothing exceptional.  They serve panini for $10 with the same toppings, and an additional 2 that sounded good.  A cheese plate is custom made for $16.  They have a list of 5 cheeses from which the customer can select 3.  The cheeses are served with dried fruit, nuts and fresh bread.  They have a meat plate for $14 too.  I really enjoyed the atmosphere and wine list at Bomberos.  Next time, I will try more of their food.  I did have the chance to talk to Oscar before leaving.  He is a charming host.  I didn't get a chance to meet Kristi.  Perhaps I will meet her on my next visit.
I will, for once, reserve my words:  Get you to this place and check it out yourself!!  'nuff said.
I met a couple friends here last Wednesday night. This place has a calm vibe to it.  The decor is modern but the strategically placed candles/lighting, fire pit, and Latin World Music playing in the background give this place a warm European feel. I did not get to see much of the inside.  Check out the web-site's slide show.  I tried South American beer for the first time. Very good! And we split a Bruschetta plate. Also very good!    If you want to enjoy a great place with a great patio (before the scorching heat hits) then get over to Bomberos.   I will do this place again and again!
Bomberos is a cool little spot, no doubt about it.  Its like Postino's sexy Latin cousin.  But unfortunately that means that you can't help to compare to Postino.  In that aspect it falls short.  The menu isn't as good....you only get a choice of 3 types of brushetta with the plate and there are less options to choose from.  (And its not nearly as hearty).  The veggie panini I had was ok but it comes with chips which can't be substituted....which brings me to my next point.  They don't offer salads.  If you're a vegan and you go here the veggie sandwich (hold the cheese please) is all you can order.  I'm not a vegan, but I'm just saying.  The no salads thing kinda does suck though.    The wine list is short but interesting.  Our server suggested a fantastic white that was everything I requested in a wine.    The patio is lovely.  However, when we were leaving there was this awful loud live music going on.  We originally tried to sit on the patio but the table that the server tried to seat 4 of us at was really only meant for 3.  When she couldn't find a 4th chair she suggested that one of us sit on a half log- half bench thing.  I wasn't in the mood to get splinters in my ass so I asked if we could be moved inside.  The inside is kind of spartan....I feel like they could have an extra table in there or something.  There is a great large round table that seats 8 which is a great option for a large group.  I think they have wifi as I saw some ASU folk doing some grading while we were there....and they have one large TV which was showing the basketball game.  All in all it was a 3.5 experience but I'm pulling it down to a 3 because there was nothing that was simply outstanding.  I would definitely return but if I was given my choice of wine bars in the Valley, this would not be the one I choose....I would definitely choose Cheuvront or Postino over Bomberos.
I went here last night with a couple other ladies.  The garden-feel outdoor patio was great - the trees that hung over and created a canopy made it feel very cozy but it wasn't cramped at all.   I had no reason to go inside so can't comment on that. I have to say the live music was way TOO LOUD and our conversation went from normal speaking to nearly screaming across a small table. And then we had those awkward moments where someone - usually me - was talking and the song was suddenly over and that word that just started coming out of your mouth is loud enough for everyone to hear. not cool.   On to the food...we tried the cheese plate - I really liked the manchego and drunken goat (don't ask me what it is other than made out of goat's milk and really tasty) but would try something other than the gorgonzola...generally I like gorgonzola but something about it didn't appeal to me.  We also got the meat plate - sausage chorizo (as you can imagine it was on the oily side), prosciutto and salami.  Suprisingly, the salami was my favorite. I probably wouldn't do the meat plate again.  Wine - I only tried one, La Yunta, (a white wine) based off a review I saw. I'm not a wine expert nor pretend to be one so here's my comment - I like it. I would get it again.  I liked it so much I had 3 glasses so I really liked it!   The customer service - probably the best part. The hostess and our waitress were very nice -- not pushy (on time), no attitude.  To me the customer service is the biggest part of an experience. Next time I'd go back I'd hope to have the same waitress and try a panini (they were big enough for 2 people to easily split and be full).  I really wish the music would have been a little lower-volume. It was nice music, I like that they have live music, it was just too loud. I think it started around 7 or so and the hour we had before the music was nice. I'll go back, just early enough to have some "quiet time" and try something else from their limited menu. Definitely would have the drunken goat again :)
I was part of Kristen's group and for me the Bomberos experience is a good solid four.  Despite the the incident with the log- we were finally sat inside with is a little dark and set up for conversations. The patio was nice but is a little cramped. The live music that was being played was a little loud for the size of the patio. As for the menu, my panini was good, not stellar, but I was just glad to have something of substance. The wine list was unfamiliar and we took the suggestion of the waiter for La Playa and seriously that wine (and the company :) ) made the night. Bomberos has a lot of potential and I will definitely be back, even if just to pick up a bottle of that wine!
Chic space with a cool modern vibe. The two times I have been in the past week have both been to meet some friends and the inside is very conducive to relaxing and chatting. The patio is large and looks very cute, but I hesitate to sit out there because it doesn't look like there isa lot of seating options for a large group on the patio and it also seems loud especially the one night I was there and they had live music.  The one wine I have tried is La Playa and it is awesome! So awesome in fact that both times I have gone, we have ended up ordering and drinking two bottles of it. My husband tried a dark beer last night that even I thought was good and I am not a dark beer fan typically.  As for the food, I have tried the bruschetta and you get two pieces of three different kinds. I have tried the brie and apple, brie and prosciutto, and the tomato and mozzarella. While it was good, it doesn't compete with Postino. I dream about the bruschetta at Postino...Bomberos not so much.  Last night I tried the apple and brie panini. To me, it was disappointing. The brie and apple flavor didn't work with the bread. I can't place my finger on it exactly, but something was just off about the whole sandwich.  The menu is rather small and does not include any salads. Call me crazy, but some days I really just crave a salad!  The main reason Bomberos only gets 3 stars in my book is service. While the servers are friendly enough, they are not overly attentive. I hate when I see in restaurants the entire staff standing around at the bar chatting away and then when you want something, you look back and they have all disappeared. That has happened both times I have been there...we look up and every single person who works there is no where to be found in the restaurant leaving us all alone in the dining room when all we want is a new bottle of wine or for them to clear our plates!  On the plus side, my friends did request the Spurs/Hornets basketball game to be put on the TV which they nicely accommodated.  Bomberos is a cute neighborhood wine bar and I am sure I will return, but given the abundance of wine bars in the Valley, it is not the first one I will think of or go to.
Bomberos has such great potential, but it's not quite there -- yet. I think it will be one day, and hopefully soon!  I absolutely loved the bottle of wine we ordered (La Playa) - so much so that we ordered a second bottle. My husband had mixed emotions about his 2 glasses of red wine. He even said that he would have been really disappointed if he had ordered a bottle of the first one. It was an organic red, but I am blanking on the name. The waiter endorsed it, so my husband trusted his opinion...understandably, everyone's palate is a little different, but he wasn't crazy about the glass either way.  We only tried the bruschetta, and it left something to be desired. The apple and brie was a good (albeit unoriginal) concept, but the brie was scorching hot, leaving the apple slightly browned and somewhat limp.   My main concern with Bomberos, though, is the service. There was seriously a 20 minute stretch of time last night where our group of 6 was inside all alone. We joked about helping ourselves to the bar, and I truly don't think anyone would have noticed. A rule to live by: wine glasses should NEVER be empty at a wine bar. I have an even bigger problem with them being empty for 20 minutes.  The atmosphere is swanky, stylish and laid back, and we enjoyed watching the Hornets playoff game from Bomberos' comfy couches (despite the Hornets getting spanked). I would definitely come back, but I think the service and food need to be stepped up a notch.
We ordered appetizers, wine, and a meal. The wine came within five minutes of ordering. A table of four came about fifteen minutes after we ordered. Ten minutes later they got all of their food and drink. When we saw that, we called over the waitress to point it out. Five minutes later our appetizer came out with my husband's meal and no mention about my own meal. Also....about three minutes before those two things came out, the waitress had to come back and ask what we ordered because she forgot. A new couple sat down around the same time our appetizers and that one meal came out. They got their appetizers at the same time MY meal was finally served. The only reason this place gets three stars from me is because the food is pretty darn good!
Every time I go to a place like Bomberos I tend to guess what it's reminiscent of.  Is it South Beach? New York? LA?  And I caught myself doing the same thing sitting on Bomberos patio when I decided it belongs to Phoenix, pure and simply.  The architecture of the building, the patio, hot & sweaty nights, latin music playing in the background, all reminiscent of our great city.   We sat on the beautiful patio, with twinkling candles, mesquite trees acting as a makeshift umbrella, with comfy patio furniture.  There are several nice features on the patio - a fountain, fire pit, lots of candles and a beautiful piece of candle wall art.  Even though there were only two occupied tables on the patio that night, they still came out and lit all 50+ candles.   I ordered a fabulous glass of wine, I wish I could remember the name to recommend - I do remember it was white and from Argentina. For food we ordered the salad of the day, bruschetta, the salami pesto Panini and the chocolate espresso torte.  All were good, but the dessert was delectable.    I wanted to give this place 5 stars because I really dug it, but had to deduct a star for the following:  1. Bringing out our salad with our entrees when we clearly ordered it as an app.  2. A panini that was painful to bite into, it seriously scratched the roof of your mouth. 3. A beautiful fire pit, but is it really necessary in the 100+ heat?  4. Good bruschetta, but not as good as Postino.   Our waiter told us that they open at 7am and to come in for a glass of morning wine.  A glass of wine before work?  Now there's a novel idea.
I was in Bomberos for breakfast this morning, and I was told they now carry Coca Lite!  So much better than Diet Coke - I had no idea I could find it anywhere in the US!  How great is that?  Also, Bomberos is now using MJ Breads and Tammie Co pastries... not too shabby, huh?
Wine service here was attentive, and table service was just as accommodating with our wishy washy group.  I was shocked, especially considering the pampered-poodleness of my friend Maya and the rest of us wanting the coveted sofa section near the dramatic giant mirror -- which we did indeed score later on at this neighborhoody bar.  You can't go wrong with the $8 La Playa Chilean chardonnay, and so agreed my Chilean girlfriend from Surprise. A Quilmes lager bottle at $6 is a bit more than I'm used to, but given it isn't served very many places is worth the trouble.  Bomberos is way north of Downtown in Sunnyslope, but is well worth the drive.  The coziness of the smallish (former fire dept) main room and the extent of the spacious outdoor patio (especially on Wednesdays) is excellent when they have a Brazilian jazz DJ.
Thank you to future yelper Christina P for insisting on meeting at Bomberos for our lunch meeting today.  As Ayesha said previously, it is adorable, unique, intimate, and perfect!  Since we met for a late lunch, it was pretty quiet in the restaurant and we received personal attention from both Oscar and our waitress - i felt so special!  Since Christina P is a regular, I asked for her favorite items (pretty much everything on the menu), listened to the salad of the day (which sounded delicious), and then since I was having a hard time making a decision, we decided to split a tuna and a veggie panini sandwich.  It was a great decision... the kitchen split them for us and the were both delicious!  The tuna is not creamy; it's flaked and the perfect consistency with capers and vinegar - we had manchego cheese melted along with it... like a Cuban version of a tuna melt!  The bread was toasted perfectly - crunchy on the outside and moist and soft on the inside.  The veggie version includes artichoke hearts, roasted red pepper, tomato, basil, and manchego cheese too - everything tasted fresh and light.  Although the servings are pretty generous, so I managed to get full without cleaning my plate.  Paninis are served with potato chips (the kind that taste crunchy and salty and you know they are not good for you but you eat them anyways) and pickles (which I requested more of because they were also so good).  It was lunchtime, so we stuck with water but I will have to return to enjoy their wine selection in the future.  That, and the live music, back patio (which is beautiful), and the welcoming atmosphere and friendly service...  Thanks again, Christina, for selecting Bomberos  - I enjoyed your company and our lunch very much!
Visited Bomberos last Friday with another couple.  We had 2-3 glasses of wine each and 3 appetizers (cheese place, salad, and meat plate).  The tab was $180 and we all felt it was overpriced.  The wines were nice bur not wow and the food was OK.  I'd travel to Postino next time for much better food, larger variety of vino and better value.  As for ambience, the inside is very noisy, it was difficult to carry on a conversation at times.  The patio does look nice so we might try it again when the weather is cooler but then again, maybe not.
This is a new discovery for me and I loved it. Bomberos has some great wine selections and great food. We ordered three different kinds of bruschetta and all were fantastic. The servers were very attentive, never had to ask for another glass of wine. Well worth a visit!
Wow wow wee waa! What a nice place.  Didn't eat any food, but I will next time, I promise.  Tried three wines, including their special house Pino, and all were fabulous!   Great patio, ---no REALLY great patio!   Good service. Rockin' good looks. On a Thursday night, only about 50% full, so it's not like Postinos where you have to wait 30 mins for a table.
Wow.... has this corner of Sunnyslope changed!  10 years ago I worked in an office building across the street, at an Internet startup. The day we moved in, there was a double homicide at the Circle K on Dunlap and Central. After that, I brought my baseball bat to work every day, because I usually didn't leave until late at night when crack zombies congregated in the parking garage below the building. I called it  "Louis," my coworker called it (very Un-PC) the Ethnic Cleanser.   Now.... the ghetto elements are gone, and there is a wonderful wine bar with an even better patio.  We put down a bottle of the Rose - it was very, very tasty and drinkable. We went on a Sunday, all they serve then is their breakfast menu. Well... it rocked. I had the veggie and cheese omelette, my guest had the chorizo wrap. Both were superb! The service was attentive, the ambiance was awesome both indoors and outdoors. The patio is shaded by some giant mesquites, with comfortable couch and chair seating.   I'll be back! Especially for the goat and sheep cheese plate, and to try some of the rest of their fantastic wine selection. Ole!
I thoroughly enjoyed my bruscetta flight and my wine--- I am not a wine drinker really but they had a nice selection and the server was very nice, I told what I do like and don't like about wine and she picked the perfect one out for me.  That is great b/c other times I tell people that I don't like dry wine and they bring me....... drum-roll..... a glass of over-priced dry wine.  The ambiance is fabulous, it's cool, chill, relaxed and perfect for conversation.  Now that the weather is cooler, I would like to sit on the patio and have a nice night out.   The mornings sound divine here but unforts, not able to make that kind of morning commitment-- too far of a drive but I'll be there soon to sit on that patio.  Hope you are too!
I liked my food, and the beer I had (the Xingu) was good as well.  I had the brie and prosciutto panini because I was starving and found myself well-filled by the end of the second half of the sandwich.  The ambiance was really nice, the fire, the candles, the couch.  Really a perfect evening all around, especially at half price (for their 1-year anniversary).  The wine list looked a bit expensive, but all-in-all I was pleased with the experience and wouldn't hesitate to return.
One of the best places in town.  Love the food and the wine.  Great date place.
Yay for Bomberos's anniversary event! I stopped by last night, meeting up with the party Christina P organized around 6PM. All of the hostesses and servers were really friendly and personable and I found the Yelpers quickly. The outdoor patio is just delicious; stone and gravel with mesquite trees and potted plants all circled around a big fire pit that gave a glowing ambience to the whole evening.    The glass wine prices were perhaps a little higher than I like to pay...especially because their south american wines are readily available by the bottle what they were charging for a glass. Of course I got a 50% discount for the anniversary party, but otherwise I think I would just as soon buy a whole bottle and stay the entire afternoon and evening lounging on their couches.  But the wine list was nicely varied for all tastes and they had Cusquena beer which is just absurdly fun.   I ordered a veggie panini for $10 and thought it was a bit light on the actual veggies, but really tasty nonetheless. Again, at 50% I would not complain.  For a real $10 sandwich I would like to see quarters of artichoke, not just choppy bits.   On my way out I saw that they offer breakfast and I think it would be so cool to brunch there! And to see their full lunch and dinner menu. Yeah, I will be back, for sure.
Went to Bomberos last night for dinner and wine. The outdoor seating area will definitely bring me back in the Spring and Summer months. The chairs and loungers with cushions looked pretty inviting, as did the outdoor fireplace.  We decided to stay inside, which also had a mixture of tables with chairs and lounging couches for larger crowds. This dimly lit wine bar boasts its South American influence all the way down to the music playing both inside and out.  We had a cheese plate, olive, paninis and bushetta. All were so delicious, none of us could stop eating. The menu is very similar to Postinos wine cafe, however, this place isn't so sceney. This is a much more quaint establishment and I would recommend going back.
You might say I'm a "regular." I absolutely love Bomberos and can be found there with my laptop on a Saturday morning for breakfast, having a lunch meeting during the week, unwinding at the bar after a long day at work or on the patio enjoying the company of friends late into the evening. (Although, not THIS week, because it appears they are closed from 12/22 - 12/28. Making up for it with a free wine tasting on 12/29 though...)  Truly, there's little to add to what's already been said: Hands down it's the best patio in the Valley - water features in the summer and an awesome fire pit for the chillier months. Live music on the patio most Saturday nights gives people a chance to relax or get up and get their Latin groove on. Inside is urban chic but unpretentious and lets you feel cool for being there no matter how cool you are. Breakfast portions are generous and the coffee is awesome (said the self-proclaimed coffee snob).  By the way, my favorite breakfast option made a short appearance on the menu but can still be ordered: salami and Swiss omelet - egg whites only with home fries... yummy! Lunch offers a half salad - half sandwich option and there's always a "salad of the day." (I can't pick a favorite panini or bruschetta because they're all good but I can say putting manchego on the tuna makes it even better!) Free WiFi and it's VERY quite during the day making it easy to have a meeting or catch up on some work.  I remember sitting on a crate in the building that is Bomberos before it was a wine bar and drinking a bottle of whatever my friend picked up from Orange Market at the corner and dreaming about what it would be one day... Christi and Oscar have done a superb job in their first year and I'm so grateful to have such a great place as my neighborhood hang out!
Went to Bomberos for the first time last Monday and had a fabulous time!  I was so excited to try this place, but slightly nervous bringing the bf.  Some wine bars can be too stiff or try to be too fancy.  But not Bomberos.  We choose to sit outside on the patio and the fire pit was blazing.  Very romantic, plus the music was very hip.    Our server, Julie, was very helpful as we selected our bottle of Pinot Noir.  She was very friendly, but could have checked on us a tiny bit more.  For food we had the Trio of Bruscetta- we ordered the Traditional mozzarella, basil, and tomato; Fig and Gorgonzola; and Proscetta and goat cheese.  All were very good.  The one with mostly fig (I think the gorgonzola) could of had a bit more cheese, it was a bit overwelming with figs.  We also had the salami panini and it was fantastic.  We will be back soon for certain.  I hear Saturday offers live music outside.  Bomberos will be a regular place for us for sure!
I finally got to sit on the patio and enjoy the chilly weather.  It was wonderful.  The service again was great and the food was tasty.  My only problem was the wind blowing kinda hard and little leafy things from the trees above flutter down all over the food and in the drink glasses.  It didn't stop me from eating or drinking but it was just kinda annoying.  Not enough to keep me away though.  Bombero's has an uber chill atmosphere that I really enjoy and the food is really good.  I even got to order a "to-go" coffee and it was a nice cup of Joe- just what I needed after a chilly evening on the patio.  Heaters and fire pit were going so not so bad.  Just a great night over all!
Great patio atmosphere- fire pit, star lanterns, comfy couches, lights in trees... The food and wine was also really good. I'd recommend their Pinot Black- that's correct, it's a Pinot Noir from Chile that is called Pinot Black. I had the bruschetta and you could choose three of the options. All were good (but I'm partial to Postinos) and I had the gorgonzola and fig, mozzarella and tomato, and something with brie. My husband ordered a panini and they burned it. The waitress was very apologetic and had the chef make another one.
I really like this place, it's got great wine, and the food was just right. I wish it was closer to my house.
Experienced Bomberos for the first time yesterday night and was pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere and the wine selection. Any place that carries more than one Malbec and several exclusive labels is worth it.  I was less enthralled with the food, but I would still rate well above average for a wine bar. I can't wait to come back in late spring for  dinner/drinks on the patio.
I like this place a lot, it is cute and cool, but the prices for wine are silly for S. American brands.  Your best bet here is to buy a bottle of something in the $27-$35 range rather than glass at a time for $12-$14.  Then if you don't finish it (you are going to finish it), take it with you.  We do love the back area, its very neat, one of the best patios in Phoenix and they're dog friendly.  Come in the morning for Coffee and Tammie Coe (YUM!) pastries.  They also serve MJ breads for their evening tapa style options.  For food, get an order of Bruschetta, its very nice and they have some very good food for the price.  This is where they shine - not with the wine, which is pretty good, just overpriced.  Their cheese platters are also quite good, well worth it.  Each month they have a wine tasting with Kim Hartleroad, make sure you come in for that.  For $25 you get some nice snacks, 3 to 4 wines to taste and some great lessons from a local wine guru.  Its very nice to have a place for evening tapas and wine as well as great options in the morning with Illy Coffee and Tammie Coe pastries.  They have a great place here, make sure you stop in, day or night!
There is a special place in my heart for good restaurants in Sunnyslope, and Bombero's is right there.  I only wish the wine were better priced.  Considering the fantastic deals for superb wines that can be found at the liquor stores now, the I have a hard time paying over $10 for a glass of South American wine. Now for the good stuff.  Much has been said about the ambiance and food, so I'll hit a few different topics.  Wine Tastings:  Most first Mondays of the month, Bombero's hosts a wine tasting with expert Kim Hartleroad.  Kim helped select the café's wine list and fountain of useful, bizarre, technical, and always interesting wine facts.  Each tasting develops it's own personality based on the attendees, as the casual atmosphere encourages questions, and  comments, discussion.  The $25/pp fee is a great deal considering that it includes 4 glasses of wine (refills are common, so make that at least 4!), bread & olive oil and cheese or cheese and meats, some bruschetta, AND interesting wine information, it's quite a good deal.  At the February 2009 Wine Tasting Kim focused on different styles of the same varietals.  He brought a wine-makers scent kit to help us identify the individual scents in the nose.    This was a hoot.  Breakfast:  The breakfast wraps are tasty, and as of 3/3 the vent hood is fixed so they are available again.  They are a bit pricey, or I'd have them more often.  The yogurt parfaits are rich and sweet (I get mine with about  1/2 the usual honey).  The yogurt is unflavored, which is hard to find and my favorite.  The coffee is Illy, and consistently rich, smooth and strong.
I rode my bike the other day, on a whim, to Bomberos.   There I sat in the chic but modern patio, underneath a friendly March Sun and cascading little palo verde leaves that seemed intent on landing in my ice water. I ordered a glass of pinot noir, I think it was called Pinot Black but whatever it was it went perfectly with the chocolate croissant I was lucky enough to nab from their morning pastry selection. And there I sat for about an hour or so, people watching, sipping and writing.  My favorite little scene was a group of women who easily could have been called Dorothy, Blanch, Sophia and Rose all wearing capris except for one rebel, sharing a bottle of what looked like Pinot Grigio, or rather my biased suspicions would lead me to believe that that's what they were drinking. And while I was perfectly satisfied just chillin' with my damn self, a little part of me wanted what they had for that moment: A shared bottle of wine, old friends and a hip place to enjoy it all.   After two glasses of wine though, I did have a nice little lounge fest for one. To say the least I was relaxed. The server even asked if I was ok to ride my bike home. Lucky for him my wine paired well with his cheese.  If my CenPho-centric ass was more prone to lounging in faraway north of Camelback cafe/wine bars I might give this great little find a full five. I'll definitely be back sometime, hopefully at night, in search of that fifth star.
Found this place by accident....  must say I was pretty impressed.  Went for lunch, and I'm excited to go back at night for some live music.... only downside was the lack of good cover on the back patio.  Its totally cute and I love patios... but every time the wind blew my iced tea (which, BTW, is ridiculously good)  filled up with little tiny leaves. But aside from that small set back... our waiter was personable and attentive, the food was surprisingly good, and the ambiance just right.... The menu is a little sparse, but I kind of like that...  they don't try to do too many things, and what they do - they do well. The servings are huge.  I wound up taking half my panini home (guess I shouldn't have filed up on the bruschetta!)  - what really impressed me was that it was still good heated up in the microwave the next day...  sandwiches, let alone paninis - don't normally keep that well.  all in all a good experience, happy I stumbled upon it.... I'll be back.
Really 3.5 stars rounded up.  I was there on a Friday evening for a birthday party.  We had a space reserved near the fire pit outside and other than using the restroom just inside the door I never saw the inside of the place.  The patio was large enough there were two parties going on and still several tables left, which being a beautiful evening most were in use.  We had brought a cake and they were nice enough to provide a knife and plates/forks for us.  Our waiter is where the 4th star was earned.  He never wrote anything down,  I did not hear that he screwed up any orders for our party of 15 or so.  He was very familiar with every item on the food and drink menu.  In addition to a coupleof beers I had a fresh mozzarella, tomato and basil panini ($10) which was very good and came with a bowl of chips.  .When it came time for us to go he already had the checks split.  Because of our party size there was a gratuity already added and I am willing to bet I wasn't the only one that added some more.  Two things that cost them 1/2 star. They were out of the only dark beer on the list.  That didn't bother me as I wanted a Pilsner anyway but there were at least 2 in our party that wanted the dark beer and had to settle for something else.  The parking sucks.  There are like 9 parking spots for a bar that could have close to 100 people including employees.  The parking spilled over into the business next door and down the side streets and behind another restaurant down the street.  I would hate to own a house close to here.
Bomberos, a Norwegian based group, playing what they like to call "obscene, disgusting punk", was formed in 2002......  ooops my bad, Bomberos are Fire Fighters in Chilie...incidently my second favorite south american country..  stopped here for Chrissy's surprise birthday party hosted by the fabuloso Amber and Teh "Cool Kids"...so what is my take on Bomberos? well i found it to be very comfortable, i feel kinda lame to write a review on a "Cafe & Wine Bar" if i didn't actually eat or drink anything. but the environment alone deserves 4 stars. it is truely an enchanting spot. everything they served looked awesome and there was nothing but Hmmmm's and "Yumm" and from the previous reviews i tend to believe that most of them are not over exagerated.  i look forward to returning sometime soon.  for what i consider to be outer limits of my bubble, it's certainly not off limits. i will let Bomberos put out my fire any time. as long as it's with a nice Chilean Lager.   Yelp!
How I want to give this place 5 stars.  I grappled with it for at least 5 minutes before finally writing this.    The location is killer.  Not only is it in 'Slope (which is an awesome neighborhood) but it is an old fire house (complete with garage doors) and has a beautifully shaded patio.  Really top notch.    The panino I had, with manchengo, pesto, and salami was AMAZING.  Even the chips were good.  The menu was a little lacking in things that interested me but the one thing I found was simply the best.  The service was dreadfully slow.  For a couple sandwiches that should only take 5 minutes to make, the 15 we waited was too long.    I grapple with comparing this place to Postino because they are so similar but where Postino succeeds in great service, Bomberos food was just flat out better.  So many difficult decisions in life to make and choosing between these two wine bars could be the toughest.
So, I had been here before, for all of about 10 minutes and wasn't able to sample any food or beverage. On Thursday last week I was able to get the full experience.   I was taken here on a date. That's right, someone took ME here. That was a nice change of pace. We got there around 8 on a Thursday night and the place wasn't too busy. we sat inside right next to the roll up doors. The place used to be a firehouse. So there was perfect weather. We started the meal with drinks. She ordered a bottle of Sauv White. I finally got to try an Argentinian Malbec, full bodied(well that is what the waiter told me). The malbec was very good. I tried some of the Sauv, it was very tasty also. I usually don't like whites, but it wasn't too dry. We shared a small bowl of marinated olives. Kalamata and Green olives, very good. I ate most of it. For the main course I had the Salami & Manchego panini with pesto. OMG!!! This thing was awesome! Very toasty and buttery. I had half of it with a salad. The salad was simple greens with flaky tuna. Now, this could have been canned tuna and anyone who knows me, knows I hate this with every ounce of my being. With that being said, the salad was excellent. The tuna was marinated in vinegar and capers and took away a lot of the nastiness. It had a simple balsamic vinaigrette on it. I was very impressed with the food and ate every bit on my plate. For dessert we split a flourless chocolate souffle. It had a very large, ripe strawberry on top and a huge dollop of fresh whip cream. If you like chocolate, get this and you won't be disappointed.   We finished up the food and headed to the patio. The patio is cozy with several fire pits and lots of seating. This would be a great patio for a day drink or to unwind at night. I have always wanted to try mate,pronounced Maw-tay (thanks Z), a traditional South American tea. It was very good, but on first taste reminded me of a cigar. Ask them for honey and put it in. Very good. They bring out a thermos type thing of hot water so you can just keep refilling. I highly recommend it.   This is a little gem in the heart of Sunnyslope. Great patio, very warm interior, great service, and great food. The food menu is small, but I bet everything is done to perfection. Large, interesting wine list for the wine aficionados out there.  I love when little local places blow me away.
Based on the fact that very little on the menu was appealing to me, I would give this place 3.5 stars, but since I am a nice person and I figure others are less picky than I am, they get 4.  The husband took the day off of work but since I was stuck slaving away, he picked me up to take me to lunch.  Bomberos is right by where I work, so we figured it would be a good bet.  The place is really cute inside with a nice view of the street.  Our server came by after a few minutes but he was a little stand-offish and didn't really have any recommendations.  A little disappointing in my opinion.  The menu is short, so it didn't take long for me to decide on the Salami and Manchego Panini.  My sandwich was sinfully delicious.  Pesto, manchego, and salami were sandwiched between two huge pieces of bread and grilled to crisp perfection.  It was served with a side of potato chips and a couple tiny but very yummy pickles.  The panino was overwhelming, and I couldn't even finish it.  I was surprised.  The pesto was really good, but I was tasting it for the rest of the day.  I would order this again, but maybe because it was the only thing that sounded good to me on the menu.  Again, I am annoyingly picky.  My main gripe about this place is how slow everything is.  Our server was really slow and didn't pay attention to a whole lot of anything besides himself.  We saw our panini up in the window for about 5 minutes before someone else saw it and brought it out.  I was also a bit irritated because a quick sit-down lunch for two turned out to be 45 minutes long instead of the typical 30 minutes.  Anyway, not a big deal.    I would recommend this place to others.  It seems to be a nice place to hang out and eat some good food with a nice glass of wine.  I know nothing about wine so I couldn't comment on their selection.  During our nicer weather months, the patio seems like an awesome place to hang out and relax.
I had been wanting to stop by this wine bar for some time (old fire station converted into wine bar) and figured I'd scope it out for friends for our next outing.  All wines are from South America.  They have a nice selection of blends which I am starting to form a taste for.  The bartender (it was a Wednesday...I think his name is Tim) was extremely helpful.  Gave me the lowdown on all of their happy hours, was kind enough to explain the wine menu in greater detail, offer suggestions, and then graciously pour a few different wines that I was curious about for tasting.  I was also very curious about their breakfast and teas as they are open early @ 7am....so he brewed me an iced Yerba Mate tea...I am now hooked...  Looking forward to trying their Spanish Chorizo Panini...stay tuned for an update to this awesome cool vibe of a joint (which offers a quaint backyard outdoor setting), live music on Thurs., Fri, & Sat) and Tammie Coe desserts ;-)
How have I not written about Bombero's by now?  I figure it's a perfect time as I sit here now enjoying a perfect evening yet again...made even better as I look up and Josh is pouring some wine moving his cute self to the music.  The atmosphere at Bombero's is second to none.  Beautiful interior, seductive patio, amazing service, delicious paninis and bruschetta for lunch, dinner or snack to share (after a splendid breakfast of course!), and music which puts me in a perfect state of mind.  Come with a friend, come with a date, have a business lunch or coffee and everyone is welcome to come single...sit at the bar and delve into conversation with one of the regulars...perhaps it will be me!  Seriously a good place to be any time of day, starting with an omelette and latte at 7am or going late night for a glass of wine and desert.  Oh, and there are Happy Hour specials this summer which make it even more enticing.  1/2 price glasses of wine 11am to 6pm and then the last two hours before closing.  All beers $4 during this time.  Free wireless and pet-friendly patio.
I absolutely despise feeling like I've been judged not worth someone's time due to their assumptions about my financial status based on my outward appearance. And this time it wasn't even by a girl in a G-String on a pole!  Okay, so anyone who reads my reviews knows I'm not regularly dining high on the hog, but don't the beautiful rich people slum around in workout gear sometimes, too?  So after a recent run down Central Ave, one of my K9's and I decided to partake in a little of the awesome concept Donald S calls RETOXIFYING.  A little snack and some wine out on the patio sounded great to me, so I went over to Bomberos.  It was early in the day, so they weren't at all busy, there were only a couple of other customers either inside or out.  I walked in and out between the patio and the inside seating area several times over a few moments, purposefully contorting my face into the restaurant patron's "where do I go?" look.  Since the server's work station and door to the kitchen area were in that narrow hallway, I actually was in the way of the couple of servers who were there trying to move to and from the two dining areas.  I did not get greeted at all, either before or after I had to stop one of them and ask for a menu.   I sat and reviewed the menu for a several minutes, all the while continuing my confused, helpless patron routine.  Nothing.  With nary a peep out of the servers, I walked away.  My tendency to frequent $ instead of $$$$ places comes less from a lack of means than it does from my countless experiences that what you get for your $$$$ is often not worth it.   If I have a 2* experience at a $ restaurant, I may be a little upset, but if I have a 2* experience at a $$$$ establishment, I'm going to be postally pioughd.  Bomberos may treat you like one of the Sunnyslope Elite, if you show up looking like you are one of the Sunnyslope Elite.  Maybe then their overpriced wine and admittedly tasty looking nosh might seem worth it.  (It IS all from South America)  Without friendly or at least minimally cordial customer service, they can stuff it up their stuffy butts.  I ended up stopping at a nasty dirty nearby Sonic (limited options due to the dog, remember) where both the order-taking electronic voice and the rollerskate-less carhop both had the decency to ask me how I was doing that day.
Fantastic place - great food for the type it serves, and an excellent wine selection.      Great place for a romantic evening - have done it numerous times.    Wine is a bit overpriced, but we're willing to pay it for the atmosphere.    Would recommend this to anyone who enjoys a cool, trendy place with good eye candy and good eats.
Still loving Bomberos... ~ They've added some pannini including a cantaloupe, prosciutto and mint which is a refreshing choice with a salad.  ~ $8 now for salad, panini or bruschetta OR a 1/2 pannini and half salad at lunch!  ~ Happy hour from 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. gets you 1/2 price wine by the glass or $4 for beer (all imported).
I love the atmosphere at Bomberos, outside and in.  When you are outside it feels lke you could be in aonther country, perhaps, Paris France, or somewhere in Naples, Wine Country in California at a wine bistro.  I love their bruschetta paired with the right wine.  This place is so much fun with friends and even better with the right guy for a romantic date.
Wonderful Patio! But we had very mediocre service, and the prices are about 30% more expensive than Postino.  Postino it is for me.
I love this place. The patio is beautiful! The  menu makes me want to bring everybody I know and order one of everything to share! It is a bit pricey but not really all that high!
Stopped in with a friend for an early happy hour. Appearances can be deceiving -- beautiful patio and indoor decor. We were one of only three parties in the place, so there was no excuse for poor service. Our server was a bit cold...he did not make a good first impression...and didn't know much about the wines we asked about.  The first wine my friend ordered was 'permanently' out of stock. (so why was it still on the menu?)  I may be slightly biased, using Postino's as my benchmark for local wine bars. We ordered a bowl of olives for $7, which was not only over-priced, but also reminiscent of the olive bar at Safeway, and tasted like they were freshly plucked from an aluminum can.  The wine I ordered tasted stale and was above room temperature.   I was excited to try Bomberos, and I might give it a second chance, but there are some easy fixes this establishment can perform in the meantime.
Finally made it to Bomberos for an after-dinner glass of wine.  I was really surprised at how small the place is!  I love that!  And the patio is so nice we opted to sit outside.  Seemed like a good idea at the time..until we realized it was 95 degrees outside and the breeze had died down.  But I enjoyed my glass of white wine.  I couldn't tell you what it was beyond something South American.  Glasses average $10-$12, so it is a little expensive, but I would gladly return.  Can't wait to try something from their menu next time!
I have to admit I have a love-hate relationship with this place. I should try other wine bars that way I have an idea of what to compare Bomberos to. I have to say though the bruschetta and the many options they offer to top it have been quite tasty. I think that's about where my love stops. The past few times I have gone it's on a Saturday night since they are open until 1 am. I have had the same waitress the 3 of 4 times I have gone and all I can say to describe her is rude. When I first checked the place out I was a bit confused with the menu and she stood there in that awkward, silent way, when you know someone is thinking you're an idiot. She wouldn't say a word until I asked for clarification. Even while clarifying she seemed so incredibly annoyed to be doing her job in talking to a customer. Once she was gone I didn't see a refill unless I flagged her down so I can get some ice water with a side of evil eye. The other thing I don't understand is why does bread with cold toppings take 25 minutes every time and hardly anyone around?
Returned for a recent breakfast, and can't stop thinking about how much I enjoyed it.  I did an omelet, which was great, but I LOVED their coffee.  What a nice morning.  Now that they're doing happy hour, i need to get back here in the evening, especially now that it's nice enough to really enjoy the patio.
we're talking ridiculously delightful, here.  we're talking about an adorableness that is surpassed only by the hugely adorable morning barista, Sam, who put up with the idiosyncracies of my extended family with ease.  this place is so f$%#ing cute I can't stand it.  It has a smallish inside with free wireless, a coffee bar, and a small but well-appointed menu that is just full of delicious stuff.  There's a huge outside patio which has some good tree-shade so that it's palatable even when it's a bit too hot to sit outside under other circumstances.  We had some of everything when we went.  The panini are served with this thick (in size--it wasn't very dense at all) bread that is buttery and flaky and golden all at once, and really good ingredients.  My mom got the melon and prosciutto panini.  I got the veggie panini (tomatoes, red peppers, artichokes, etc) which was really great--my personal preference would be fewer red peppers but I just plucked them off.  There's a chimichurri panini.  All really good.  There's a panini (I'm guessing the singular of panini is panino but how pretentious should I get in this forum?) with mozzarella and tomato and basil.  Yesterday was vegetarian day, and there were plenty of options for that.  They also offer bruschetta, where you choose from a bunch of different options--mostly the same as would be available on the panini, so a lot of the above possibilities--and that received rave reviews as well.  The wine was half off.  The cappuccinos were tasty (I hear).  Sam was charming.  What more can I say?  Ah--one more thing.  They had a flourless chocolate dessert from Tammie Coe, which was my first experience with a Tammie Coe item, and it was reeeeeally good.  It was called the Chocolate Sensational and it had a few berries around the rich chocolate thing.  I would add more berries if I were god.  But I'm not, I keep getting told.  One final note.  There are a couple reviews that bash the place for slow-ish service.  I would just remind everyone that this isn't ihop--this place has a south american (and in my opinion, european) feel and if I can tell you anything about service in south america, it's don't be in a hurry.  I know, you rebut: we live here. in north america.  But that isn't the point.  The point is this: you go to this place to get a taste of what such a restaurant would be in south america.  it's clean, it's cute, it's small. the food is excellent, and surprisingly well priced.  It's like your own little foreign exchange coup!    Moral: Bomberos is the mad note.  Go there and relax.  You're too uptight, anyway.
Here's the problem: This is in a DICEY neighborhood, right at the edge of a BAD neighborhood. Two friends of mine were ABDUCTED AT GUNPOINT from this "lovely patio" about a month ago. Look it up in the AZ Republic if you don't believe me. One managed to escape being driven down a dark alley (for what purpose??) after being forced to empty her bank account, and managed to run to a store where they called the police, who rescued her friend. Ladies, I would say do not sit on this patio alone after nightfall. BTW, the owners avoided calling the girls back and there was not so much as an "are they ok" when their sister called to let them know there had been a problem. they were worried they might ask for something, apparently. Nice!
Great patio area with overhanging trees. They have scattered lighting and very comfortable seating. The meat, cheese, and olive trays paired with wine is why I go there. Pros: Great choices and knowledgeable staff. Great atmosphere. Cons: Service suffers some nights. The only reason for the missing 5th star.
Stopped off for a last cocktail and dessert on Friday night.  We sat on the patio under the branches of a giant mesquite tree surrounded by candles and trickling water ornaments watching the sunset.  This has to be one of the prettiest bars around central Phoenix.  The place is a tiny old fire station and bigger on the outside than the inside.   The wines are all South American and we did a tasting of 3 chards which were all inexpensive and surprisingly good.  We had butterscotch banana crème pie which was very rich.  We will be back.    Added bonus points - they let canines on the patio!  yay!
I went out to meet a friend at Bomberos wine bar on Wednesday night and arrived around 6pm to a half empty patio. I love this patio; it is cozy, inviting and bigger than the actual restaurant. With the great weather we are having, patio season is in full effect and the patio at Bomberos can be the blue print for any entertaining hosts backyard. The large lush mesquite trees that hang over most of the patio doubles as a ceiling with specs of sparkling light from the stars gleaming between the branches, the overly comfy couches are inviting and soft and make conversing more comfortable. Dark grays and the dim light from the candles on the table set the mood for a relaxing evening. The centerpiece of the patio is a gas fire pit that accentuates both the trees and the faces of the other patrons seated at the other tables.  Ok so if I were only rating the patio, Bomberos would get 5 stars no problem. The menu is small and reminiscent of a fine tapas restaurant. Deemed to be South American, the only thing South American on the menu is the wine and a reference to a chimichurri sauce. I ordered the three-cheese plate and a glass of carmenere from Argentina and I can't remember what wine my companion had but she ordered the bruschetta combo. The cheeses were nothing special unless Bomberos has a special cutting technique I was just satisfied. The three bruschetta were large and gorgeous but lacking flavor. I remember the feeling that something was missing. The waitress was friendly and attentive, checking in on us every 10 minutes. If you are expecting more food out of Bomberos or if it is described to you as a South American Restaurant head to Havana Café or Mi Cocina. If you want to have great conversation over some amazing wine, Bomberos patio is one of the best in the valley. .
This is a very neat place that is a great adaptave reuse of a firehouse. Sure it's in Sunnyslope, the butthole of Arizona, but it's in a perfectly fine part of Sunnyslope, and most of the people at this establishment are from better parts of town. It's the crowd that would typically go to Vig, Postino, etc. but are less concerned with being seen, so they go to Bombero.   They get HUGE points for serving Spanish Chorizo, which if you have never had is the real way to serve and eat chorizo. It's chopped and almost the same consistency as salame or pepperoni. They do a great menu of panini sandwiches and have a neat Southern American based wine menu.  The patio here is trememdous with huge fire pits, a treen canopy, and a great seating arrangement with couches and large chairs. The service here was good and the food was very tasty.
Everything was nice that night ,friends,food,music and wine selection. They done taketh it away by letting Julie the waitress work there nice nasty tude. She was spoil more so than the grapes. Julie, get a grip on your tude and not the money
I love this place so much I am anxious about writing a review!  It's just a delightful slice of heaven.  The food it delicious - especially the salads!  They are so generous and very unique and yummy.      I like the breakfasts -- my son even likes the food there!  The meat plate is fun to eat with wine.  I love being outside - the fire pit, the trees, and the music!  I love being inside, the big garage doors, the mirror, the scooter!  They support local the local school and they are so nice!! Go there...bring your family.  My parents like it, my son likes it - my fiance likes it.  GO!
The service was slow, the server knew nothing of the wines on the menu and knew nothing of proper wine service.  Boo.
I discovered this place by going on one of my usual 20 mile bike rides along the canal until something cool popped up. I sat outside and sipped a nice chamomile tea as the first rain of winter fell unleashing an amazing scent. The staff was top notch and I was delighted to see several tannat wines from Uruguay on the menu. I can't wait to return some evening to share a bottle of wine and tapas with my girlfriend.
Sooo.. went to Bomberos for the first time a few weeks ago and then went back there again a little later.  What a cool place!  Seriously kicks butt over Postinos!  I mean, don't get me wrong, I like Postinos!  I probably go there about 2 x a month so obviously I like it.  But Bomberos has something a little different.. namely space on the patio! Seriously!  Postinos you are side by side with an old couple, a gay couple, a couple on a date,a couple of girls, and a  group of all the above.  Not that ANY of the above are bad,  I just prefer a little space away from them and not hearing all the conversations.    Bomberos has this cool outdoor vibe with the old mesquites (or maybe they are ironwoods?) and the firepit. Uber romantico!  The food is good too.. I would call it rustic bruschetta as the cheeses and "stuff" that they put on the bruschetta looks like it has been hacked off and miraculously has missed someone's finger.  Super tasty.. my companion and I had a cheese plate, and a ham something that I just can't remember at this point.  Come to think of it, that may be because of all the good red wine we had!  One thing:  Be careful when you are sitting at the side of the patio as the edge of the patio has  alittle lip that goes down and if you aren't careful, you can wind up spilling over onto the bushes.  Not that I am saying that I did that or that it was a result of the wine or my innate clutziness but still.. they need to bring the edge up so that you don't fall and look like a drunk idiot.  I prefer to keep that info to myself!   Highly recommend!
Wine bars with a patio..... duh! I'm so in!   I have been to Bomberos a handfull of times, and every time it is satisfying. They have a small food menu, I have never tried anything so I cannot speak on the quality, and a great wine list. They are a bit more expensive than I would like, $10 min per glass of wine and bottles starting around $37. But they do have a good happy hour and reverse happy hour that I believe is half off glasses, perfect!   The patio is just perfect. The table are nicely spread out, giving you your own space so you and your party can talk and not be bothered with a ton of other table blabbing your ears off, warm fire pit in the middle and plenty of additional heaters to keep you warm. Being an Arizona native I get cold fast, and I couldn't complain for a second here.
One time, before we became "official," I walked into a UYE at Bomberos and gave Dallas G a high five. That's right, instead of a hug or kiss on the cheek for the man who had graced the sheets of my bed many a times, he gets a high five. It was awkward. Realllllyyyy awkward.   I'm so smooth....   So, thank god Bomberos has such a dope wine list and attentive service, because I most definitely needed the Chilean Riesling to take off the edge of that massacre!  They have an amazing bruschetta plate, a tasty breakfast wrap, perfectly brewed Illy coffees and they even let me bring in my own cake when it was Chrissy P's surprise party!  The patio is amazing whether you want to lounge out on a Sunday morning and read a book on the comfy patio furniture or sit with a romantic date by the fire. I also hear that they have free wifi. Score!  Winner!! (Unlike me, who gives awkward high 5's!!!)
Big, big fan of Bombero's. I've been here a handful of times now and never been disappointed. The big fire pit on the outside patio is awesome. It can be a nice center piece for a big group to chat around, or it  can create a romantic dining experience for 2.  It is a café and wine bar so keep that in mind. The menu is limited to paninis, bruchetta and meat and cheese plates. (Try the fig and brie!)  They have a great selection of South American wines, however they can be a little on the pricey side (most glasses start at $10) so I would opt for bottles whenever possible. I just really love the small, intimate atmosphere of this place and can't wait to see how they expand the menu. They do brunch now and it is rumored that they have excellent coffee, I can't wait to try it.
Perhaps our "eh" experience was magnified because we arrived at Bomberos right after having dined at Postino for dinner.  The huge difference between the quality of service was hard to miss!  Our group of 6 was quickly seated, and the hostess was kind enough to turn up the heater to make sure we were warm enough.  That was the highlight of the service.  Now, the service was definitely not rude... it wasn't inconsiderate... it was just... well... not very good.  Our waitress (and apparently the chef) could not tell us the ingredients in any of the desserts.  Even though they source their desserts from Tammie Coe, why don't they know what is in them?  For people with allergies, this can make or break a meal.  Since we couldn't confirm the ingredients, my husband had to make do with a coffee, while I indulged in the Creme Brulee.  It was good.  Pleasant, but certainly nothing spectacular.  The few times our waitress came by to check on our group, she seemed to have strange timing... like she didn't really know how to leave... she just sort of stood there a few seconds too long, until it was slightly awkward.  Strange.  Then, we wouldn't see her for large stretches of time... we were getting thirsty with no water refills!    I'm hoping it was just an off night/server... and we'll definitely try again, as we really loved the outdoor patio and roaring fire.  Beautiful and romantic!  We'll cross our fingers for improvements with the service.
My 4 Star Rating is for the ambience of this place! It's a nice local spot that you can feel free to frequent after work or anytime to just let the day fall off of you! You will walk out of there with a saucy & sexy flare of attitude!   The South American wine list is desireable. The Cristabol Cab is yummy! And I have a pet peeve when it comes to water stains on glasses so I tend to inpsect unconsciously and there were NO STAINS!!!! I complimented the bartender for this and he replied by saying that he is 'a great buffer'! LOL!   On the food front I liked the 3 choice bruschetta! My BFF chose one with a white cheese and thinly sliced crisp green apples. It was amazing! We will be going back for there on Thursday night for the DJ mixer! I bet I can get them to a 5 Star Rating once I sample the dance floor!
Love this place for the ambiance.  I would usually go alone after a long day's work...then I felt guilty for not sharing this place with others. Service has been outstanding each and every time...main reason why I return. Okay, the other reason is the great choices on the wine list. I'm surprised I'm not a grandchild of Betty Ford! I look forward to enjoying this place with friends on a Thursday evening.
I really, really want to like this place. It's in an area of town that needs a little of what Bomberos tries to bring. It's not cutting it. They just don't get that it's all about service.   I've been here twice; once for wine and bruschetta and once for breakfast. And, I can't overlook that the food has been stellar both times. But the service, OMG, it's out-of-control. And, it's so bad it's not even snobby, we're-too-good-to-help bad which, now that I think about it, would actually make me respect them *more.   The first night we came to this place, my wife and I ordered a couple glasses of wine. When we asked the waitress about the wine and food, she couldn't answer even the most basic of questions. It's like not only had she not eaten the food, she hadn't even been briefed on how to answer customers' questions intelligently. It was okay though; a fluke, we thought.   Today, my wife and I met a friend for breakfast. The friend was there for five minutes, sitting at a chair waiting, without being offered a glass of water. Because the couches are hard to come by, we moved to an open one right away when it was available and bussed the table ourselves. We sat for probably 10 minutes until someone came by to take the plates and check from the previous couple. After taking our order, we didn't get water, water!, for 10 minutes, let alone our orange juice, mimosas and tea. Remember how their waitstaff doesn't know their product? Yeah, this lady didn't know if they had black tea. "I know we have breakfast tea," she said.  When our food arrived, it was beautifully presented and tasted great, but it seemed to put our waitress out when we asked for butter knives for, well, our butter and napkins, etc.  Halfway through eating, we finally got that OJ and mimosa. Oh, and the waitress came back with a box with a choice of teas for the high-maintenance of us that asked for black tea ;)  So, if you've got some time on your hands to wait around and enjoy the ambience (which is actually quite good with mature mesquite trees and classical guitar music), this is a decent place. If you're looking for service, go someplace else, like Lola's.
I can't think of a better Wine Bar to come relax at with a few glasses (or bottles!) and some tasty appetizers.  Count on Bomberos as a great destination to gather with some friends in an atmosphere that has all the warmth and relaxation of a lounge, with a little of the spice and energy of somewhere zesty.  The wine and the food is good no matter where you sit, but the outdoor seating by the fire is where I like to be.  Plush seating in a perfectly-sized garden under the stars (not too big, not too small), who doesn't want to meet up here for some downtime, any night of the week?  Try the paninis and bruschetta, especially any of them with salami, pesto, brie and proscuitto.  Yum.
I love Bomberos! It's a great place to meet with friends...the couches are cozy for conversation inside and there is a great patio out back complete with a a fireplace. I love that they focus on South American beers and wines. The food is great...the service...not so good. On one of my visits I was served wine in a glass with a big crack down the side. Not sure how the bartender or the server didn't notice that. But other than the service, I love this centrally located bar.
This place has a great atmosphere. The patio is very nice. The food is good. The wine selection is great. Nice to see South American wines getting the spotlight. I do have to say the service is less than stellar. However, I would still highly recommend it.
Stopped by for a quiet visit with friends on a Monday night. The place was nearly empty, which afforded us a great seat: the couch near the firepit. This is a great location for an evening chat with friends or loved one. The food was decent, not great, but the cozy outdoor atmosphere makes up for it.
Bomberos for breakfast!  I had the cabeza bagel sandwich with fruit and the man had the chimichura  with spicy potatoes . Both were delicious. It was raining outside so we dined in and the rain and crowdedness created quite a cozy ambiance. Their coffee is excellent too!
First time here last Friday.. celebrating some great things with my boo and his peeps from his firm.. I wanted to try something out of the norm of my Postino.. SO maybe its not fair to compare.. but I must.. Im a yelper elitest after all.. I love that they use MJ Breads...& Tammie Coe pastries.. well, we all know that just rocks! I loved the decor.. very hip to the trend groove.. OKAY.. my caveat.. I was disappointed in all the bruschetta.. 3 choices for $10... and maybe unfairly, Im comparing to my lovely Postino .. but you basically get two pieces PER piece.. if you get me.. I wasnt pleased with the topping choices.. I did love the wine from Chile.. BUT put a bottle or two on for happy hour.. and how about an app on for hh?? Our friend had a beer from Brazil.. he said it was 'weak'.. but I think he probably has a high expect of the brews.. beers $4 and wine by the glass 1/2 price for hh.. okay.. but not anything to chirp about..
Ambiance/decor=Yaa!  Concept/Menu/Theme/=Yaa!  Service=Yaa!  Dog Friendly Patio=Yaa!  Live Music=Yaa!   Happy Hour ends at 6=boo  Food=Meh  Close early Sunday=boo   Bomberos I want you to make it! I love the concept, the building, the location! The fact is this: You will ALWAYS be compared to Postinos. Why are you closed on Sunday afternoon when they are packed? They were on a wait yesterday. The first time we tried to go to Bomberos you were closing for the day. We went to Postinos instead that day as well.   We came in to see the DJ on a Thursday. Their email said they started at 7PM. They didn't start til 7:30. Your website says 8PM. We were confused. Happy Hour ended at 6. Maybe our timing was just bad, but somehow we missed happy hour AND managed to leave by the time the entertainment started. We felt like we missed the best of everything Bomberos had to offer.   You were also out of Pinot Noir. If it was a Monday after a busy weekend I would understand, but not on a Thursday (and not when you offer 2 different Pinots) and not when one of them is mentioned on the wine list as a "Bomberos exclusive". That was peculiar for a wine bar.   The food was also forgettable. Go back to Postinos and see how well they do their bruschettas. Yours was small, but the pieces were cut too big and we werent given silverwear so it was awkward. We didn't think enough of it to bother ordering anything else even though I was hungry. The whole experience was kinda awkward and slightly disappointing.   We will be trying you again at some point as the service was good enough to get us back and as I said before we are rooting for you!
After reading this review, a Bombero employee reached out to me -- something I really appreciate. While I would have liked her to have taken a little more responsibility for my experience instead of just offering excuses, it was refreshing and important to me.
I am a big fan of the random Phoenix wine bars around my North Central area. A friend was playing here Thursday night so I decided to finally visit. I'm very happy i found a new place with outdoor seating to relax and have a killer glass of Malbec (I finally found a place with several Malbec choices!!) . The firepits and lighting are fab relaxing and perfect for some romantic start gazing etc. My date ordered the veggie panini sandwich and loved it. I just ordered the cheese platter with nuts and dried fruits and the 3 cheeses I chose were very good. Love cheese and wine! The only slight drawback was the service was a little slow. Will def add this to my phoenix wine bar rotation.
So last night was a bit of a disappointment. In having frequented this joint a few times, last nights experience fell far short compared to the rest.   The patio is still great, plenty of heaters and some great music provided by a live DJ.   Food and service however..... Food was alright. I think I will go with the meat and cheese platter next time, that might be better than the bland mozzarella and tomato panini I had. Service was pretty bad. I am not sure what the waitress' deal was but she acted strangely; too sarcastic, underhanded comments, spilled water on the table every time she refilled a glass AND flung the pitcher around and splashed it on me and just waled away, acted like she was doing us a huge favor everytime we asked for something, took nearly 15 minutes to get our bill, then another 30 minutes for her to come back to run the card, and I swear she was rolling her eyes every time she walked away from our table. It was weird. I know some people can have a bad day, but geez honey, rude much?   Bomberos is still a great place, but I would skip the panini and don't mess with the waitress, shell get'cha. haha
Finally, a place that advertises Spanish sausage and doesn't hand me a Mexican chorizo. I enjoyed a very nice lunch sitting on the back patio the other day. I ordered the cheese and sausage panini. The service was very friendly and I left much happier than when I arrived.
So, this is seriously one of the best hidden secrets in all of Phoenix!  I have been here 3 times (and I rarely go back to the same place twice - it has to be that good!) and this place never disappoints.  Get here early enough to snag a comfortable outdoor sofa and enjoy the great, reasonably priced wine, cheese and paninis.  I love this place!
Sunnyslope Art Walk... happy hour at Bomberos....  hanging with my honey... Saturday evenings don't get much better.   What a great place.  My husband works at John C. and has been telling me we need to get over to Bomberos.  Tonight we did.  Sat at the bar and enjoyed happy hour (1/2 off) glasses of malbec.  Panini and bruschetta (wow, it is fabulous) rounded out a perfect shared meal.  What a great place!
If you enjoy a great ambiance, friendly service  and unique South American wines, then this place is for you!  The outdoor patio garden makes you feel as comfy as if your are in your backyard. When the weather is nice, there isn't anything much better than grabbing a bottle and sitting by the gas fire pit surrounded by candles and lights in the trees. The tuna bruschetta is amazing!  Their bread is light, crispy outside and effortless to chew through.  Their olive oil that they use on most of their brushetta pairs well with whatever toppings they put on it. For the adventurous red wine lovers, you find yourself enjoying different varietals.  Saturday nights are great when they have live music and they open up the front fire station doors.  If you want to have chill night, date or a place to take your friends that are visiting, Bomberos will not disappoint.
Held my engagement party there...the food was delish...the band was great, but they do attached a $5.00 entertainment fee to your bill, without warning...no one in my party knew that...it was kinda embarrassing.  I've never had to pay for entertainment at a restaurant before...at least not like this...  The decor is beautiful and location for me is good..
As  I finished the last page of my memoir I looked around at the peaceful setting . Families and couples eating lovely eggy dishes, dogs hanging around with their hip owners,  a shaded patio giving an urban vibe... it all was all apart of a sweet morning of a sweet life. Well that's not quite how it happened , but as I sat eating lunch with my darling friend Rhonda I could easily imagine sitting on the patio writing.  We had yummy omelettes with fresh fruit .It was peaceful and relaxing even with the untamed guy and his energetic puppy. This seems like a wise choice for meeting with friends for drinks or  hanging out with your mom. The food is solid but not over the top .Seems like most people could find something they enjoy eating. My only downside to this hip joint was the ultra hipness was the mexican diet coke ..yeah I get it Bomberos...spanish for Fireman , but bring me a American diet coke please and give me tons of refills. Oh well.
Bomberos is a great place to be when the weather is nice.  Inside it's a little small and the tiny bar is a bit disappointing.  I was here last night with a group of friends and we were able to get a couple of couches inside.  The place was packed and the outside patio was in full swing.  This wine bar features selections from South America and I had a Catena Malbec which was great. The server was nice and made sure that we were happy with our wine before he brought the bill.   It was a fun atmosphere and we all enjoyed the evening.
I was so excited to come here, especially after seeing their menu and pictures online.   I went with my partner and some friends to see the Samba Project, which was live music on the patio.  First of all, you had to pay $5 IN ADDITION to food and drink in order to listen to the music. Keep in mind the food starts at $10 a person, so with drinks, you're now paying at least $20 to listen to good, albeit not great music.  I walk with a cane. Our friends had gotten their earlier, and were waiting for the table, and my partner and I waited with them. Standing. For over 30 minutes. No one offered us a seat, and after half an hour, I had shooting pain, so I went to ask the hostess a) how long it would be, and b) if they had a seat. I started talking to her, and explained I was disabled, and she actually said "hold on a bit" and took a party of 2 to go stand and wait. I told her I was just going sit in my car and wait then, and she just shook her head and walked off. What an incredibly NON-disability friendly place.  Finally (having got there at 8), we got sat a little before 9.  Our waiter didn't come for another 15 minutes, and our drinks? around 9:30 or so. My partner and I ordered iced tea, expecting regular iced tea. Instead, it was sickly sweet and peach flavored. Neither of us liked it. When the server asked how my tea was, I let him know I didn't like peach. He never asked if I wanted something else, even when I asked for a glass of water and moved my tea to the middle, and when my partner said no to tea refills, even before the food showed up. Finally, I just told him to take away my glass. The only positive? He took it off the check (but not my partner's).  The food? Let's see, until almost 9:45, we only had one menu. Finally, we asked for more, and got them, and were ready to order at about 9:50.  Again, we had to wait a huge amount of time to order, and then the food took almost a full hour to come out...for 3 paninis and an order of bruschetta.  I mean, did they bake the bread fresh? It was ok. Good, but not great. I'd say Postino's was better by far on both the paninis and the bruschetta.   Then of course, it took us forever to get the check...which then came back in wet check holders, etc.  The atmosphere? Lovely. I loved the wall of candle and the couch we were on was super comfy. But it shouldn't take almost 3 hours to get something to eat (we were sat around 9, left at 10 till midnight), and the lack of caring from the hostess and service from the server earned this restaurant/wine bar one star...the second ever 1 star I've given.
To be fair, let me start off by saying that this place has good food.  The reason it's getting two stars is cuz of the service.  My friends and I went here last nite partly to eat and partly to hear The Samba Project perform.  Well, we get there, it's crowded, there's a line, and I hear the couple in front of us ask the hostess how long the wait will be.  Well, instead of just giving the couple a number, the hostess was all, Well, we just sat, like, a TON of people, so I don't know.  I mean, there's one group that's been here for three hours, so you know....   Um...what?  I found that response unprofessional and unnecessary, so I was a little turned off right then.  By the time we get to the hostess, she gives us the same spiel and has us wait by the bar area (VERY little).  Luckily, the restaurant decided to open up its gates, so there was a LITTLE patio area to hang out at until our table was ready.  So, we're called probably an hour or so later, and we are seated...with no menus except the one we grabbed from the hostess when we went to wait at the bar.  John, our waiter, shows up and was all, Can I get you more drinks?  Um...sure.  But more importantly, can you grab us some more menus and take our food order?  We're hungry!!!  Not so much the case, though.  Instead, he proceeds to try and figure out who is on what tab and what tab needs to be closed at the bar, but really, there were only two tabs going: Mary and Matt's.  So John goes to close the tabs and returns with one receipt, asking, I'm sorry.  What was your name again?  Pat?  No, John.  MATT.  How did you forget in two seconds?  Then, he asks about drinks, and a few of us order iced teas.  John never mentions that they are sweetened and flavored peach, so some of them had to be returned.  Yet, upon taking those drinks away, he never asked about getting us something else to replace the drinks that some of us didn't like.  After finally taking our food order, we had to wait another 45 minutes to get our food: a few paninis with chips on the side and an order of bruschetta.  And we got that only after asking John where our food was.  He never came back to ask about more drinks or to refill waters, and I'm pretty sure that we probably could've walked out of there without having paid, and no one would have noticed.  The food was good, though, thank goodness.  I ordered the Chevito panini (flank steak with cheese, peppers, onions).  The bread was nice and toasted, and the inners really complemented the bread and the chips that came as a side.  The $10 price tag was also really do-able.  Note: You get a surprisingly filling portion of food, so go semi-hungry.  Though I didn't eat any bruschetta, it looked amazing.  You can choose from three different kinds off the menu of eight or nine, and those are also of a pretty big size.    The atmosphere is nice, the food is good, the prices are good.  The service is as if they don't know what to do or are overwhelmed with a lot of customers, the waitstaff don't really wait on you, and also a negative to note: the parking lot is way too small for the place.    I would probably go again for the food and atmosphere, but I'd really have to consider what day and what time cuz the staff is just....in need of help.
This is simply the most enjoyable place in Phoenix. The wine selection is good and unusual, the ambiance is unmatched   wity the beautiful outdoor patio and the service is outstanding, Tim is a delight as a waiter and is a major reason we have been repeat customers. The bruschetta is fresh and original. Everyone said you have to go to Postino's, which we did, but it was very second rate to Bombero's in all areas, service (particularly), wine selection, and definitely ambiance. Bombero's gets my vote every time. Make sure you request Tim as a server. He makes the experience unforgettable,
Fantastic wine bar.  Intimate patio and a great selection of South American wines.  Pick a good bottle, sit near the fire and relax the night away!
This place is so many things: a lovely wine bar, breakfast joint, beautiful place to relax - and most importantly, an AMAZING place to watch the World Cup. My friends and I stopped by here for the first round of matches. We chose Bomberos because, unlike any other Valley bar/restaurant, they are the only place to be open by 4 a.m. - every day of the World Cup! So we had to support. We're so glad we did. We had an amazing breakfast, with coffee and tea, and had fun cheering along.   What I ate: the Uruguayo, which is amazing. :)
Had dinner there last week with my an old friend I hadn't seen in years and we had a great evening on the patio, hanging out for hours and drinking wine.  The food menu is extremely limited, featuring mostly salads and sandwiches with very little meat or fish on offer.  Kind of a veggie grazing thing.  The wine list is pretty good and fairly priced, mostly in the $30-40 range as I recall.  No music when we were there and the service was fine.  We lingered for almost four hours with our single bottle of wine and we never felt rushed or uncomfortable.  The food was fine, if not particularly memorable but the ambiance was perfect.  A great place to go and hang with some friends and drink wine, assuming you're not up for a big meal.    We had to wait for a few minutes inside until there was room on the patio and I think I would have been much less happy had we had to stay inside.  Outside is definitely the way to go.  Two salads and a bottle of wine were about $45.
Oh Bomberos, I so wanted to like you and you let me down! I live just down the street from this restaurant and I'd heard it was dog friendly so I wanted to check out their patio before bringing my pups. Came in on a Friday evening for Happy Hour with a few friends and we were promptly seated on the patio. The server was very friendly and informative when it came to the various wines. I initially enjoyed the service and the wine I ordered, but then it all went downhill...  ...we ordered a few bruschetta boards and a sandwich, we just wanted some food to snack on while we enjoyed our wine. Then we waited. And waited. And waited. And waited some more...okay you get the point. At first, I was content to have a few glasses of wine and take our time, especially because it was a Friday night and I understand that restaurants are busy on the weekend.  Finally we had to hunt down our server after we'd waited about an hour for our bruschetta to come and we asked him what was up. We were polite, of course, and he told us that the kitchen was busy and it'd be ready when it was ready. He wasn't nearly as apologetic as I thought he should've been given the wait. We ended up waiting over an HOUR AND A HALF for some melted cheese on bread. It was okay, I guess, but after that wait, it would've had to be out of this world for me to forgive the delay.   I don't think I'll be returning because the kitchen has difficulty managing to push out food, which is too bad because I really wanted to become a regular at this place; the menu looks awesome, if only they could get the food out to you in under two hours...don't waste your valuable time. There are better wine bars in town, such as Postino and Cheuvront, that offer much more efficient service.
Good place for lunch awesome atmosphere... By lunch I mean anytime but summer since there is limited room inside...
Ok. My first yelp review. In fact my first ever. I'll be gentle with me. if you grew up in Sunnyslope like I did  then  you would know the shock I felt when I heard that a wine bar could exist in the local neighborhood for drunk dive bars so sleazy  that Charles Bukowski wouldn't dare step foot in them...... is only  as likely as Charles Bukowski actually writing something good!  Note to Chuck: Hey Chuckie, just because you were pissed and drank more booze in a night than most of us  drink in a month doesn't make you a great writer.. no matter how much  glory  the hollywood hipsters heaped on you...   But I digress.  Bomberos  is a fresh fun  cool little place to hang out in the Slope'. I think that the wines by the glass are VERY over priced for the location. I mean holy cow, this is Sunnyslope, not Los Angeles.   That being said I know they have some ok wines by the bottle for 30-40 dollar range.  The "bar" is small and tiny and really only good for  1-3 people... Outside is much nicer and roomier.... Really, I like this place more for the outside of just sitting with some friends and chilling... listening to some music. The menu is predictably safe.... ( please , for the love of God, add some sopresseta to the speciality meats dish...)  the wines  ho hum and the service, well not so much.   All in all I will be back, but only  because my expectations are not as high as the people who think this place is so great, kind of like the same people who think  Chuck Bukowski is a great writer... 2 stars for just having a wine bar in Slope and the great outside area. I'm a tough bastard...
June 11, 2010 was a significant day. Every four years, the entire world (sans USA) stops to watch their teams take on the best of the best in futbol. I prepared for this momentous occasion by scoping out places that would show all games, which start at 4:30AM (Pacific time). I was so happy to hear that Bomberos was one of those places.  Saturday, June 12, at 4:00AM, we drove the 25 minutes to North Central Phoenix, armed with our "Go Korea" headbands and ready to see what Bomberos had to offer. We tried going to Robbie Fox's first, but it appeared closed (it was allegedly open but you had to enter through the back) and thought about George and Dragon where we had gone for the opening match but someone remembered they opened only at 6AM, so we made the drive up to Bomberos. And we've been back every weekend and weekday we can since. The ambiance is sophisticated, but relaxed at the same time. I adore the steady stream of coffee, the fact that the servers respect the game enough to wait until halftime to take orders, and that I can sit on leather sofas with others who share the love of the game. And the food is pretty phenomenal too. Shown above, the churrasco omelet and the fruit and yogurt parfait.  I also love the fact that they have a selection of South American beer and wine. And having studied abroad in Chile, I appreciate the underlying sentiments behind "The Rare Vegetarian" omelet. Also, being a new dog owner, I love their dog-friendly patio. As soon as LB finishes his last series of shots, he'll be joining us at Bomberos.
My friend and I have been going to Bomberos for their spectacular happy hour on Saturday afternoons and love it! I love the South American atmosphere, music and wine selection. We always enjoy the bruschetta, (Warm Apples and Brie are amazing) and cheese platter.  Above all, our server, Tim, is a beacon of light. He's always attentive, and brings many smiles with his lighthearted and fun-loving personality. As my friend said, "He just makes me smile." We now go and ask for him to be our server because for us, he's part of the Bomberos experience.  So between the great wine, delicious food and wonderful service, I don't think I could make a better recommendation. Last time we were there, they were preparing for the band. We couldn't stay, but will be back for a Saturday night enjoying their live music... I hear it's great, and look forward to reporting back on what will surely be an enjoyable night.
I love this place!  I don't live near it, but when I am in the area I have to stop by.  They have a great wine selection, the food is great (Cheese plate!), and the staff is very friendly and is well versed in the wines they carry.  It can get pricey if you start drinking more wine than you ought to be if you are driving, so be wary of that, but they do have a good happy hour price on wines and such.  I highly recommend this place.
I don't get how Bomberos stays in business.   I met a girlfriend there for the first time last night. The hostess stand blocks you from walking comfortably into the courtyard. I noticed it as the first of many signs they are not here to serve their clientele. The hostess said I could look for my girlfriend. She didn't think she was there and it almost felt like she was hesitant to "let" me look and see if she was inside. I saw my girlfriend and her boyfriend and sat with them on these nice, black leather facing sofas, when soon after my Coca Cola Light arrived, a girl informed us she'd like us to move to the only table inside in front of the bright sun (setting through the frosted glass, the temperature was at least 10 degrees warmer there). I asked how about this 3 top in the shade that no one was sitting at, next to another set of facing black sofas. But no. That was reserved.   Remember Wolfgang Puck's Obachine? They used to have a waiting line and act like the upstairs at Biltmore Fashion Park was packed. You'd get inside and it would be nearly empty. Look where that restaurant is now. Not in Phoenix.  When we saw they could not find a comfortable, cool place for us to sit, we asked for the check and asked them to take off the Coca Cola Light they really hadn't given me time to get more than two sips out of. They balked. We had to ask the manager to take it off.   Things improved when we walked across the street to Corbin's. If you're looking for a place with excellent customer service, a full bar (I didn't know Bomberos had only beer and wine) and awesome, very fresh ahi tuna on a crispy wonton, you may want to turn south to the Corbin's lot, when you see it and skip Bomberos.   The hostess at Corbin's jumped up to help when we saw the bar seats were full and asked us where we wanted to sit. The place had a good energy, which was a nice switch!  I thought Bomberos might be neat because I live just a few miles away. They did have a large patio, but it was July at 5:30 pm. Not the place to cool down.  It looks like Corbin's and Via delosantos are the only winners near Central and Dunlap.
Went to Bomberos last night for the first time, and our group really loved the place. One of the better patios in town imo. Huge mesquite trees all over give it tons of shade and awesome mood lighting and candles in the evening make for a great night. And misters...lots and lots of misters! The patio is definitely a popular place because by 10pm the inside of the restaurant was empty but the patio was still packed!  The South American music was pumping and the couches and cozy chairs made it a relaxing evening of wine and nosh. Great selection of wines. We had the cheese board, the meat plate, and a few orders of bruchetta. They were all good but not great. (For instance, I'd much rather have a meat and cheese selection from Kazimierz or bruchetta from Postinos) But that was ok because the atmosphere made up for it.  And the dessert, oh my the dessert. They had two and we ordered both. A bread pudding which was probably the best I've ever had, and an orange creme brule which was SOOOOO smooth. Mmmm. I love orange in desserts and it definitely didn't disappoint. Ordered a mocha to go with it and and it was big and tasty. (It could have been a little warmer though)  Overall, great place. Good but not great food, great desserts, great atmosphere, great for medium sized groups of friends who want to have a night out to catch up with each other's lives.
A fun place that has Colombian and Brazilian music every other week, and according to my friends from South America, it is hard to find!   The wine/food are somewhat similar to Postino, but this place had a more fun atmosphere, maybe due to the live music. The live music does require a cover charge ($5), but that's typical of most places.    We did go in the middle of the summer, and that probably wasn't the best idea. It was extremely hot, so they had the misters on. Yet, the misters were so heavy-flow, we were actually soaked with water.  I can't wait to return in the lovely fall/winter months.
Bombebero's you've won my five star rating. I am now a regular for breakfast; the last dish was the Uruguayo - Spanish chorizo, diced tomatoes, roasted red peppers, cotija cheese, fresh herbs and a splash of chimichurri sauce. I can't even describe how delicious this dish is. The Spanish chorizoyou use is top notch.   You've won my heart and my five star review for being the perfect place to dine any time of day. You are great to bring out of towners you want to impress with your patio. Your cheese selection is fantastic and your overall ambiance unbeatable.   I think I may go today..
Another reccomendation, loved the setting, the selection of South American wines and the staff were friendly and fun...
Delightful little spot with an emphasis on all things South America - especially South American wines. So expect to find the raw, strong tastes of those grapes and that winemaking style. Charming little setting, if there's any way to sit outside, do so.   They are dog-friendly, and you should definitely bring your well-behaved pooch with you for a relaxed moment and potential amusement.   The food menu is strong and stands up to the wine. We usually wind up with one of the best values for wine accompaniment in the Valley - their bruchettas. Wonderful, low-key spot.  Watch out for the extra charge for entertainment when it is present.  But over all, we consider this one of our favotite hang-outs.
Our favorite hang out in Phoenix, for sure. We have been there many, many times and have never had a bad, or even mediocre experience. The reason we continue to return is our favorite server, Tim. He is personable and efficient. He always pays special attention to us because he knows we are regulars. Tim loves his job and it shows! He needs a raise; we actually bring people to Bombaros because he works there. He has become a friend through serving us, which is unusual. My husband and I have tried, diligently, to become regulars some where in Phoenix. We have found our home!
I love that Bomberos is in my neighborhood! It brings a bit of flavor to North Central. Very cozy and comfortable.  it is a great place to hang out with friends! Perfect for a romantic night out as well. Great breakfast and wi~fi available.
This place is funky, and fun, and I have no idea why I hadn't been there until last week...   I came here the other day for a birthday, and my god, am I glad that she chose this place!! Its got that indie boho feel, which I love, lots of hanging lights outside and the most powerful misters in the entire universe... So what if my hair turned to a frizzfro, i was sitting outside, for hours, and was not even hot. The waitstaff were awesome, and really really ridiculously good looking, super fun, almost to a point where I almost asked one of the waitresses to sit down and shoot the shit with us. Our party of about, 20 ordered a mix of things ranging from the cheese plate, to paninis, to bottles of wine to pastas, and everything I ate and drank, was super delicious. I myself didn't order any food, but I am super excited to come back and actually EAT here, hell, im excited to come back and drown myself in wine, all over again.   The only complaint I have is that there was a huge pool of water in the entrance, near, and in, the bathrooms.. I had on flip flops and wanted to projectile vomit when I stepped in whatever the hell was floating in that pool of gnarly. . I dunno what the deal was, leak? Spill? It was everywhere, and no one was cleaning it up.. other than that, I like you Bomberos.. What a pleasant surprise for a place located in Sunnyslope!!
I really love Bomberos although it is true that servers are few and far between.  Fortunatly the patio atmosphere more than makes up for it....I'm a total sucker.  Go for happy hour prices and enjoy the trees while munching on tasty bruchetta that is only a tiny step under postinos on the deliciousness rating.
Bomberos is a unique place, that has always been a joy to go too. I've lost count of how many times I've been there, but here's some of the best highlights:  The wine - my favorite selection of South American wines is here. I'm not a huge wine connoisseur, but I know a good glass (or 5) when I have one.   The food - The panini's are to die for. I really have no complaints when it comes to the food.  The location - the huge back patio is perfect any time of the year, even summertime with its abundant shade.   The service - the staff is great, and it's a very laid-back atmosphere. So don't go if you in a rush. Enjoy the place, the wine, the food and the people.   My favorite time to go is always during the Sunnyslope Artwalks. It's a perfect start to the evening then take two steps outside into dozens of artists booths, music and happy people.
we ate there this past saturday evening. arrived in time to take advantage of the 50% off wine price, which was great.  they have an extensive offering of wines, with emphasis on chilean and argentinian. delicious. ordered the fig/prosciutto salad that was wonderful. my companion ordered the salami/proscuitto/olive plate that came with bread and crackers. he ordered sangria. everything was very tasty. we sat outside. the atmosphere is so welcoming. had a great waiter. really enjoyed ourselves. we will absolutely go back.
Glass of wine with a trio of bruchetta: Salami & Manchego with Pesto, Fresh Mozzarella & Vine-Ripened Tomatoes with Basil, Warm Brie & Apples... what a lovely way to start the afternoon.  We decided to sit inside there was still a bit of chill in the air. Service was great and very friendly. Our sommelier "accidentally" poured us an extra glass of wine (Susana Balbo Crios, Torrontes). I was not about to complain. Great flavors were making me smile.   My sister had a panini, and seemed to thoroughly enjoy it. (POOF! the panini was gone.) Definitely coming back again.
I wanted to love this place.  I love many South American wines and was pretty excited to see that they serve Quilmes... but really, this place is just Meh.    Small building, the bar has only 4 seats.  The patio is the main draw.   How do they get away with opening this place 6 years after Postino's and still try to rip it off?  The bruschetta is way better at postino, and you get more.  The wine and beer list is also better at postinos, and is waaaaay better priced.   Not really worth checking out...  there are many other wine bars that are better.
Bombero's patio is awesome, especially with the fire pit this time of year!  The service is outstanding - Tim is a phenomenal waiter - very entertaining and so much fun!
My first few visits here were fantastic. Love(d) the live music, patio, menu, wine selection... but the last 3 times I have had the same rude, awful waitress. Having one of her tables pretty much killed my night, each time. I know that Bomberos has not adopted the "bitchy waiter/ess thing" because I have met other lovely staff.. it's just this one that will keep me from coming back.
This is a wonderful place to enjoy long evenings!  It has an incredible patio, an excellent wine list, tasty food, and wonderful service (thanks Tim!!).  See you there
I am torn between 2-3 stars...really a 2.789.  Does Phoenix need another wine bar? No. Does Phoenix need another Postino knock off? No. Does Phoenix need creative owners who come up with a new concept? Yes.   So, why go to Bomberos? First, the focus, at least with respect to wine, is South America and you have to give credit for this twist on the usual wine focus. In addition, the outdoor patio and fire pit area is a nice space, albeit somewhat sparsely furnished, which isn't a bad thing...but still, noticeable. Like Postino, on Monday, $20 gets you select bottles and bruschetta.   Unfortunately, the food is meh. The meat plate is 2 stars and the bruschetta is middle of the road...and if I am going to consume mass quantities of carbs, I want it to be 4 star minimum, I need to watch my girlish figure.   The service on my visits was friendly, but inattentive and slow. Then again I suppose that sums up 80% of the city.   If you are in the area or need a spot in that part of town, it is worth a short stop and it is fun for a date on a patio, but not the place to impress...unless you are with someone who is easily impressed. (And if so, lucky you)
My heart finally broke and it had been so long bent....   Please bring breakfast back!
A cool place - really glad Yelp helped me find this little gem. As many have mentioned before me, the ambiance is outstanding with a secluded patio and a large fireplace that steals the show. I wish they had live music when I was there because that would have been even more amazing.   The service was fast and attentive, and it's incredible how you can snag a spot next to the fireplace, even on a Friday night. We went with the bruschetta plate and a delicious Uruguayan sandwich. All of the food was seasoned excellently and very filling for the price. The chips that come with the sandwiches are not a greasy pile of potato chips, but rather broken pita chips which was a really nice touch.   It's a little out of the way for us east siders, but I will most definitely be back!
There aren't many places around the valley that can pull me from a distance like a shard of ferrous metal in the thrall of an electromagnet, but this is one of them.   It's mainly the atmosphere on the open patio, I think. Or maybe it's the strong selection of dry reds and the little plates featuring things like manchego cheese. Maybe it's the lighting inside of the place on the ample couches. Maybe it' the service which manages to be both accommodating and relaxed in a real way.  In any case, this is a nice place. A very nice place on North Central.
Bomb-ba-ba-bomb-beros!  Bomberos is a place that's effortlessly cool and a surprising gem in the area.  For those that haven't been it's an old firehouse and the architecture and design is fantastic.  There's a large outdoor patio, as well as a fair amount of space inside.  Outside of some cheese/olive/meat trays, the menu basically breaks down to panini or bruschetta--with many of the same combinations.  I had both and my panini was a Spanish chorizo and was quite good.  Service was excellent, and wine selection is all South American.  If I had a complaint, I would say their price points are a bit high (at least by the glass).  Yes, I know they have to ship it ALL the way from another continent, but I'm pretty sure S American wine is relatively inexpensive from what I've bought.  Anyways, Bomberos is a great place to relax and enjoy some wine and company.  I was there on a Thursday with my aunt in from Seattle (which is a pretty cool city from what I remember) and she thought it was cool.  So yes, Bomberos is a cool place.  Check it out.
I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by this place. When I first saw the address, I was very skeptical. It is in Sunnyslope. I literally had to tell myself that there are still some gems on Central and that this place was probably one of them. I'm so glad I had that talk with myself. This place is nestled into a great little area of shops and cute patio homes, small businesses and a school. They have a great atmosphere, the inside has roll-up, garage doors and there is a huge patio.   My friends and I settled into one of the sofa areas and made ourselves comfortable. They have a decent happy hour, all wines are 1/2 off and beer is $2.00 off. We ended up having some wine and a selection of brushetta, all was pretty yummy.  The brushetta wasn't the best I have ever had, but there was a nice selection and it was pretty tasty.  We had the brie and apples (delicious, how could you go wrong), mozzarella and tomatoe (also really yummy), brie and bacon which I didn't try and the tapenade (a little salty, but what can you expect from chopped up olives?).  Once happy hour ended, our very knowledgeable and helpful server told us that for $20 we could get a bottle of wine and another order of brushetta, so we did. Hey, why not, it's Monday!?!   Ultimately, I was only supposed to stay for an hour (I was sick and jet-lagged and just needed to go home) and I ended up staying for almost four hours. As it got darker, the place took on a very sexy, relaxed vibe. I definitely like the place and I will be back.   Good atmosphere, good food, reasonable prices and friendly service.
My favorite wine bar.  Yummy food and nibbles .....try marinated olives and Brie and apple bruschetta.  Marinated tuna also yummy.  Easy and relaxed atmosphere and heaters outside for winter.  Been going here since they opened.  Unique wines you can't get just anywhere. I like the Crios.
Finally made it to Bomberos... Very cute place, nothing impressive, our server was ok... we asked if they have happy hour and I think she didn't like that question??? They only offer happy hour for wine and beer which is fine... they just don't advertise it... (not sure why) Menu very simple but ok... The patio is cool and the fire pit is nice! Great place to gather with your friends just for a glass of wine and maybe some bruschetta... nothing else :(
So I love Bomberos. I like the fire pit, and the trees, and the decor. But the thing I love the most is the atun escabeche(sp). Salty, sweet, and delicious.   As a side note, my 7 year old daughter loves to come here to hang out and read, apparently Junie B. Jones books fit in really well with the ham and cheese sandwich.  I highly recommend it.
So bummed tonight was the last night~(Mike Nielsen is to blame) They went out with a bang! Great memories and I hope more to come! Jamie our server was fantastic! (She will now need a job)  Hopefully the owners will find a new location and be open for breakfast! Bomberos is close to home and the only true slice of coolness to bless North Central.
You know that scene in every "small town girl goes to the big city movie" where the stereotypical "small town girl" sees the city lights for the first time? She gets this cheesy look in her eyes like she finally found her way home. I'm pretty sure that I had that same nauseating look on my face when my date walked me through Bomberos' door.  But everything was perfect. With candles and well-groomed plants everywhere, the flagstone paved courtyard is an absolutely beautiful entrance to the dimly lit restaurant. The former Sunnyslope Firehouse is all exposed brick which looks amazing in candle light. The little round tables facing a live music area just completes the intimate feeling of the restaurant.   We ordered glasses of sangria and bruschetta to munch on while we watched the Latin band. Everything was fantastic looking and tasting! My ONLY complaint is that the restaurant was a little too noisy to enjoy a sustained conversation.  This is the perfect place for any sort of date. From that awkward first dinner to "Friday night date night" this place will put stars in your partner's eyes.
If you haven't been here you're seriously missing out.  Amazing food, solid prices, tasty cocktails and the friendliest staff in town!   The Mango Man himself is perhaps the most personable restaurant-owner in Madison and makes some of the tastiest food I've come across in a long time. Without sounding too cheesy, the flavors really do explode in your mouth.  Some of my faves:  The Patacones Appetizer, Tico Steak and the Curry Chicken.
Not since I lived in Latin America have I had such an enjoyable and tasty meal.  This restaurant is homey, the owner is extremely friendly, and the food tastes like I'm eating with family.  This is exactly the kind of restaurant I love that Madison has.
While the critics and Madison Magazine seem to know all about this restaurant, I had only come across it by walking past it.  The food and service were amazing.  I had the tilapia dish which was completely fantastic and perfectly sweet and spicy. (perfectly cilantro-ed)  Mojitos were great (although teeny).  Our server was incredibly helpful and the cook/owner was incredibly friendly.   They are serving breakfast on weekends now which I am very curious about.   My only complaint that in the middle of February the restaurant was distractingly drafty, I will return but when it warms up.
I finally had the chance to check this place out last night. My friends and I were there for the pre-Overture center dinner.   Ambiance: Unpretentious but upbeat/casual decor. I loved the colors and patterns they used to decorate the place. In summer, I would love to sit outside and sip the Mojito.   Food: First, speaking of the mojito - it's pretty good. Limes and mint are nicely muddled just the way I like it. But I thought the drink could be little stronger ..... , or perhaps I'm going borderline alcoholic. My friend John ordered caipirinha, and he seemed to be pleased with it as well.    We ordered Jumbo Shrimp and Patacones for appetizer. I loved Patacones, but Jumbo Shrimp didn't wow me - the shrimp and the flavor itself wasn't so jumbo. For entree, I ordered chicken curry, which I loved. It was a down to earth dish - the kind of this your best friend from Cost Rica would make for you. Everything was nicely seasoned and just so tasty.   Service: While the waitress was super nice, the service felt bit slow. If you're in a rush, this might not be the ideal place. It's a Caribbean food, so ideally, one should also embrace the chill-pace atmosphere.  So, I probably shouldn't be complaining about the speed of the service, especially because the kitchen is operated by a single chef! Kudos for him for whipping up the fabulous food plates after plates!!
I just adored this little place!! Its so small and has so much character.  I was very pleased with my drink.. Jamaican Iced Tea, very tasty and had just enough alcohol =)   Patacones are super good sooo I would suggest getting that for an appetizer.  For my entree I had the Pork Chop Special which had so much flavor! Each of our plates came with rice and beans and some salad with this awesome dressing. Both people I was with got the chicken and that as well was super good.   The prices are grounded and the food is sooo flavorful.   What a refreshing little place! I will be back!  =) You Rock Mango Man!
We chanced upon this gem on a 1 day trip to Madison (we were looking for free wireless - they didn't have it but said we could 'borrow' signals from the neighbors; no passwords, it worked!).  We loved the colors and the quaintness, and our waitress was sweet if not chatty.  We had our dog with and they let us sit on the little terrace.  We both had the vegetarian plate which was rice with beans, salad and fried plantains.  The standout by far was the sauce the beans were sauted in; a thick, spicy, zesty concoction of tomato, cinnamon, and Lord knows what.  In fact it was so good, we purchased a bottle on the way out and successfully recreated the bean portion for a large dinner (it was very well received).  Delicious too was the banana smoothie.  All in all a fantastic, tropicale experience in the heart of Madison.
Went the other day and had an overall good experience. The food was good, interesting, and flavorfull. I am a definite fan of the coconut shrimp appetizer (seems like all the appetizers are really good)! As far as the service, I would say very poor. We waited for a long time to get served. Waitress kept messing up taking our order, etc. Would recommend the food but be weary of the service...and the inside is pretty cramped...
Not a big menu, but it doesn't matter because everything you try will be delicious, filling, and bursting with flavor. The place is very small, so don't bring a large group, but it also means that you're almost guaranteed to meet the energetic "Mango Man" owner who will make you feel right at home.  Lunch is better than dinner because the portions are pretty much the same size, but dinner is more expensive (still only about $12-15).  Most importantly, get the Jamaican Iced Tea- a more delicious alcoholic drink has never been made (rum, ginger soda, and a few other ingredients in a giant glass).
This place is very Madison and as odd as it is intriguing. Though overall I like this place a lot.   The odd: The dinner menu raises the prices like 3 dollars on what I think is already a bit much for a place that is in a terrible location and seemingly a bit expensive for what looks like a hole in the wall. The location thing is ridiculous, if I didn't use to work literally across the street I wonder if I would have ever found it. It reminds me of the line from High Fidelity where John Cusack says he opened his shop on the block with the least amount of foot traffic..haha on to the good.   The yummy: A nice selection of what I assume are Costa Rican dishes hah. Many of them are similar to Jamaican items like jerk chicken and jerk pork with sweet salads or rice and beans. All the food tastes really fresh and you can tell it was just made for him less than 30 feet away.   The rocking: Mango Man-there's a reason he was featured in the Isthmus and is beloved by all who have seen or met him. Nice guy and really satisfying food. My favorite part, his sauces are homemade and amazing--simply amazing. You can fortunately purchase them there too.   If you're a cap square worker head out during lunch and pay your respects.
Very cute cozy place. Fast service during the off hour lunch. Food was a little pricy for simple foods but it was good and fresh.
Popped in here tonight for dinner while I was in the neighborhood.  We were slightly surprised when we walked in to find the dining area is literally the front half of a garden apartment.  That said, someone definitely took care to decorate the place.  We kept an open mind however and it was worth it.  I had the roast pork, my girlfriend had the quesadilla, and we shared a couple of chicken empanadas.  The food was nice and flavorful, including plenty of fresh cilantro (so consider this a warning if for some reason you are particularly anti-cilantro...) and the salsas they have on the table are delicious.  You could probably put them on anything and they'd make it tasty.   We were too stuffed for dessert but the waitress rattled off like 8 different cakes, so might have to give it a try when I'm in the mood to stuff myself a bit more.
We went to the Cafe Costa Rica on a Friday night, and based on reviews here, expected a long wait.  We were seated immediately.  This place is tiny.  I think it has a total of 8 tables at best.  You can't expect to just walk in, but we were lucky.    The service was attentive without being pushy.    I ordered the ceviche appetizer, which was absolutely amazing.  I could have used a few more crackers or some bread for it, but otherwise, this was my favorite dish.  The empanadas were also good.    For our dinners, I had a dish with pork, which was served on a large platter with a salad, rice and beans and preceded by a lovely little soup.   Everything was quite tasty and flavorful.   The only negatives about the Cafe are that it is small, and that the prices are fairly high for Madison.   We had two drinks, 2 appetizers and two entrees for a total of about $60.   For those on a budget, you might want to skip drinks and appetizers.  However, we had a good time there, and even enjoyed talking to the table "next to" us.  Even though some might have not liked the close proximity, it gives the restaurant a "family" feel, that isn't found at many places in Madison.  I will definitely be visiting the Cafe Costa Rica again.
Ok, disclaimer- this review is based on one visit, but since I don't think there will be another one, I'll review it anyway.   The location-I didn't find the location *quite* as bad as I had expected, but it's not  really set up for outdoor dining.  There were 5 tables outside, three on the little strip between the sidewalk and the street, and two on a raised concrete 'porch' next to the stairs down to the restaurant.  That's not so bad, until you add in no fewer than 40 stacked plastic and metal chairs ALSO on the little porch thing, which completely obliterated any view we might have had.  Seriously, there is NO WHERE for these chairs to go- no side patio, no room inside.  A mystery to be sure.   On to the service- we were served by two people, and actually, while it was a slower pace, they did a good enough job of getting drink orders, refilling water and clearing plates.  Nothing to complain about there!  The food-  the lunch menu is extraordinarily small, and I guess I was surprised by the lack of Caribbean influence on the food.  The two main entrees were Tico Tacos and a Tico Burrito.  My bff ordered the Tico Tacos, which were two tacos served on soft corn tortillas- she ordered tilapia, and I do think there were a couple of specks of fish under the enormous pile of lettuce.  Regretting ordering such a skimpy dish, bff asked for a bit of rice to add to the tacos.  It was provided promptly.  I ordered the chicken Tico Burrito, which was...surprise..a chicken burrito.  Not bad, but if I had been wearing socks, they would have remained firmly in place.  The green jalapeno-based sauce, when generously applied to the burrito, did add some much-needed character.    The bill- with one drink each ($7.00 each for a mojito!!) the bill came to just under $37.00.  A little further scrutiny revealed a charge of $3.75 for the rice bff requested to fill out her tacos, bringing the total charge for two tilapia tacos to $11.25.    The resolution- when I brought the charge of $3.75 for rice to the server's attention, the initial response was 'huh- that's how it rings up'.  Fortunately, there was another woman working in the restaurant who overheard my question and removed the charge.  The analysis- not sure I'd go back again, and would have given it one star, except for the fact that the problem with the bill was rectified without too much hassle.
I've been for brunch and dinner with equal satisfaction. The food is perfectly spiced and not at all pretentious. I even frequent their cart during trips to the farmer's market. There's nothing wrong with a chicken taco at 10 AM when it's this tasty. Get the plantains, trust me. Don't expect much from the restaurant in terms of trendy decor or atmosphere. Instead, go for great empanadas.
I ordered in from a third party company, and felt pleasantly surprised with the food. The cheese empanada, heart of palm salad, and vegetarian dinner were delicious and full of flavor, especially when you add in the salsas.   As much as I like the food, it's fairly simple, and so it seems overpriced ($9 for rice and beans? I dunno... that seems like a bit much).   Otherwise, my tummy says two thumbs up.
I was staying in the hostel just next door and was too exhausted after my red eye to walk to find food.  So I found myself at Cafe Costa Rica, excited about the menu options and some good reviews from fellow Yelpers.  My review is based on the service alone because...  I ordered appetizers, a smoothie, and a salad (yes, all just for me, it was a long day of travel).  After taking my order, the waitress never came back again to check in and averted eye contact for OVER 45 minutes!  When I asked her if my food was coming (45 minutes later), she said she didn't know but she thought it would take 10 more minutes.  She said "We're short a cook and everyone's mad at me", while it's definitely not her fault they were short a cook, she could have easily checked in with me and brought something you didn't have to cook (like perhaps my smoothie?!?!).  I would have loved to not waste an hour of my time at this place when it was an easy walk to several joints nearby.  I told her I would need to cancel my order if the food did not come soon.  She offered me nothing.  I walked away, never to return.
Oh Cafe Costa Rica.  Your food is darn good but your service is horrendous, and the prices are way too expensive for the food you get.  The food is bright, flavorful, and tasty.....but $20 for roasted pork (a cheap cut of meat), veggies, and rice?!!!  These are inexpensive ingredients that shouldn't have such inflated prices.  This could almost be forgiven if the service wasn't so awful.  It's been slow before, but it's ok if you're sipping on a yummy mojito or mango margarita.  But when we went last week, it was just plain ridiculous.  We waited for an hour before we even got our drink.  The waitress was all flustered and constantly apologizing to everyone.  We weren't even "allowed" to put in our food order for a while and had to be satisfied with appetizers.  This wasn't unique to our table, everyone else had the same issues, particularly a poor, confused couple who was visiting for the first time.  Finally, two guys left after their drink order was wrong--they ordered two gin and tonics and got two RUM AND TONICS, UGH!  Two hours later.....we go to check in on our order and it hadn't even been submitted to the kitchen!!!  Somehow it got lost in the chaos.  Suffice it to say, we left and get our dinner compted.  I love this style of food, particularly in the warm summer, but they really need to get their front and back of house more organized and try and keep their prices under control.  For the same amount of money,  I could go across the street to Restaurant Muramoto and get an exquisite meal that would cost a lot more in Chicago or NYC.
My first sampling of Cafe Costa Rica's food  was at the Orton Park Festival, where they had a food stall. We had the jerk chicken, served up by Mango Man himself...absolutely sublime. Definitely some of the best jerk chicken I've ever had. A few months later, we went to the restaurant to have it again. Took some looking to find, it's tucked away in a basement and it's tiny, tiny, tiny. The jerk chicken wasn't on the dinner menu, but it was a special that night, so we ordered it. We were disappointed. Although not inedible, it tasted old, and was a lot spicier than we'd had before. On the other hand, the mojitos were amazing, the plantains were great, and the service was fine. I love the funky vibe, and it's so small that you can't help getting to know the people sitting next to you...cool, if you like that sort of experience. For two drinks, plantain appetizer, and entrees the bill was over $50. A little high, considering that we got the same (but better) entrees at the festival for $7 each. I'm giving three stars for the drinks, service, ambiance, and the attainable possibility of having that heavenly jerk chicken again.
Very small restaurant next to the Madison hostel.  It was hot outside and the small area inside combined with the spiciness of the food resulted in very sweaty dining experience.  Dress appropriately.  The menu doesn't have a lot of variety (quite a few Tico-flavored options, maybe 8 entrees) and the food takes a while.  I had the tilapia and it was amazing, covered in garlic, cilantro, and other spices.  The beans have a good brown sugar flavor as well.  The portion was good for the price.  Definitely try the jalapeno and habanero sauces.  I feel they were the perfect complement to the dish.  The cafe con leche was also tasty, very sweet.  4 stars for the food, 3 stars for environment since it was just way too hot inside.
The meal I had here was easily the best I've ever had in Madison and was one of my favorite dishes I've ever eaten. Definitely get the Island Special with Tilapia. Other people have tried several other things, and while they were quite good, they weren't eye popping good like the Island Special.  I've been in Madison for over 3 years and eaten out a ton so I'm wishing I had found out about this place earlier!  If you go, be sure to call ahead for a reservation, since the whole place holds less than 20 customers and it is often packed to capacity. The place is tiny, cramped, uncomfortable, and slow, but if you're going here you're going for the food. And the food can't be beat.
I have been to this tiny, (I mean tiny --6-8 tables?)    I like the small quaint like atmosphere of the place and think is cute being next to the madison hostel.      atmosphere. The place is small, so if you are having a nice little dinner, sometimes it might seem too busy and it could get distracting otherwise cute if you are just hanging out with friends.  Food-5 stars!   All the food that I have had is great, perhaps a little pricey. The Sauces are great.  My friend bought one of the green sauces, but when the waiter brought it out, it looked different than the one on display.  Hopefully after it aged liked the owner said it would change to what it should be.   (i just would only sell something that looked  like the product they had.  People don't like to wait to age things before they get to eat it. That's why when you buy a product, you want it ready!)  Drinks-Some of them are really good, sum are not.  I was there about 1 month ago or so and had a mojito that seemed to have dried mint??  flavor was good, but being a tropical restaurant that was not acceptable. They also have sum costa rican punch i think and yes it very good!! I had a ciaphrina (spelling is off!) about 3-4 months ago   and it was ok, but the glass had like 1/2 inch of sugar in the bottom and when asked if this was normal the waiter said yes.       The waiter was good, although I felt he had to be challenged with the small atmosphere and slipping on the slanted floor.   At an experience I had in the early summer, me and my friend spent 80 between 2 of us and that was with a free entree coupon. so perhaps a little expensive in the food and drink department.   Also the food took a long time, so long that the table next to us walked away.  *suggestions to the restaurant is to have more knowledgeable server training on beverages and to know the food menu better and to have better food timing.  Also to have more reasonable prices.  Otherwise I would recommend this place to someone if you have time to burn.  It is good, they just needs to up their game.  Def try it for yourself I would say!
Hole in the wall serving good home-made Costa-Rican food.   Used to be Guantanamera and served Cuban food, but Yolanda and Mario retired and sold it to Thony who's upgraded the interior a little.   There aren't too many tables (seats about 10-12), so expect it to be a tight fit.   I like the spicy Mango Man Salsa (w/ Habanero) and the Latin Sweet Chicken. Thony also makes some great (and very filling) milk-shakes!
Good food and cool ambience. Be sure to make reservation prior.  Sitting capacity must be 30 people.
Great:  Food portions, drink selections, delicious food, service!  Overall, I rate this a 5, you can't get this kind of food many places, and they sure know how to cook it!  YUMMY!!!  You have to go see for yourself.  Coconut  Curry Pulled Pork- Amazing!  Poor: Water served warm, smaller cramped seating, expensive drinks.
One of the top 5 meals I've had in Madison!  It was so delicious and also unique.  We started it out with some mango mojitos and ceviche, followed by sweet plantain soup, my date had the tilapia island special and I had the coconut curry pork (both of our choices based on previous yelp reviews...thanks guys!).    The mojitos were AMAZING!  They were not just flavored with orange colored, "mango" syrup... they were the real thing.  YUM.  Ceviche was not the best I've ever had (i'm a spice lover and it was flavorful... but no kick!), but good... very crisp (and gone in ~10 seconds!).  The plantain soup was legitimately life changing.  When our entrees came out, the conversation ceased.  We were both so focused on the delectable dishes in front of us, we could hardly speak.  The portions were good sized too... I got to enjoy THE BEST left over pork sandwich the next day :)   This is an excellent place if you want to have a casual, leisurely meal with someone who you enjoy chatting with.  The service is good... but the food can be a wait.  I wouldn't recommend this place for children or for large groups.
Cafe Costa Rica (CCR) is an absolutely fantastic gem in the heart of Madison. The Mango Man (owner and cook) has brought the flavor of his home country to Madison and with it the charm of a person who loves what he does and takes pride in his work. The menu is small, but given the specials every night, you may not even order off it. The meals are fresh, made w/ local ingredients (when possible) and the sauces are homemade and unbelievable. I have been here about 6 times in two years and had the specials (not on the menu) all but once. The Tico Steak is amazing and succulent and the mango man salsa....ridiculous. Fantastic. We've bought about 2 litres of it in the past year and eat it with everything from eggs to tacos and just with chips. Even if you're not hungry, there are several fantastic drinks that you'll find here that are unavailable anywhere else in Madison. If you wondered what kissing Scarlett Johansson is like (or George Clooney should you be a lady), the Jamaican Iced Tea w/ rum is as close as you're going to get. The best way to describe the array of food here is somewhere between Mexican and Cajun. And should you feel the urge, the chocolate rum cake alone will give you a buzz, if not from the sugar, than the rum that it's soaked in.
Tight space but great food.  Beans, pork and plantains are great. Mojitos excellent.
I really wanted to like Cafe Costa Rica.  I've been hearing good things about it for years, and when we were looking for a new place to try between a two hour break between film festival screenings, we decided to stop in.  I wish we hadn't.  The restaurant is in the basement of a youth hostel.  It is a small space with about half a dozen tables, low ceilings, and delicious smells eminating from the kitchen.  We were seated at a tiny table in the corner.  I sat with my chair slightly blocking the bathroom door.     We ordered two drinks, a dark and stormy (strong and tasty) and a ginger punch (overly sweet, but not bad).  We had two empanadas to start, which arrived hot out of the fryer after a half an hour wait.  They were very greasy and garnished with a great deal of chopped cilantro.  The flavors were a bit bland.    After another half hour wait, our entrees arrived.  I had roast pork with beans and rice.  It could have used something like an extra tortilla to soak up the watery juices from the pork, but was otherwise  unobjectionable.  It could have used some salt, but there was no shaker on the table, and we were never able to summon the server back to ask for one.  My partner had a steak burrito, which was fairly bland and filled with a bitter sauce (mole?).  For the same price he could have had two burritos from Chipotle and finished dinner without worrying about missing our movie.  We spent about $50 for two drinks, two empanadas, a burrito, and a bit of braised pork and beans and rice.  It wasn't worth it.  I would recommend this place if you have deep pockets, three hours, and really good company.  And don't mind sitting in a stiflingly hot room.
Delicious dinner with great flavors. Spicy, but not overwhelming. The best part of the experience was the wonderful service. Friendly and helpful. In particular, Jori really added to the perception of feeling at home.
This is the sort of place I wish we had more of in Madison.   It's tight and sometimes when some dish in the kitchen gets a little too smokey the fire alarm goes off. Still....the food and drinks are great, though a tad expensive. I've been twice, and can honestly recommend whatever is on special. Both times I ordered it and came away super impressed. The first time it was some chicken dish that had been stewing away in jerk spices for almost a full day. Mixed with rice, beans and plantains, it was flavorful and very filling. The second time they had concocted some sort of wet burrito, filled with chicken, rice, beans and some sort of crunch. The sauce on top was the perfect mix of cool cilantro and tangy spice.  The prices are a bit high...but I'll still be going back once every two months or so to get some seriously good food.
In a word, gross.  I will say I probably wouldn't love most Costa Rican food to begin with, but with an open mind and good chef, I would have liked something. I have had a smoothie here once before and it was good.  The second time, the fruit smoothie had stems and leaves in it.  Not one, but many.  I could hardly drink it.  The food is covered in cilantro, could only imagine a cilantro fanatic enjoying that.  The pork chop was extremely tough.  Tilapia was fishy.  Service was bad.  Add a few drinks and our bill for 2 was $50.  This was my worst meal in Madison.  I gave 2 stars because I didn't complain so I'm not sure if they would have rectified it.
I give this restaurant 4 stars for the taste and for adding more diversity to culinary experience here in Madison. However, if price is taken into consideration, I would give this place a 3, since I think they can lower the price a little.  So why the 4 stars, you may asked? Great empanadas, great plantain chips, and great mango habanero chicken. They also gave us a free cup of soup for sample, and I personally wonder why they didn't put this on the menu instead. The beef soup (I may be wrong, but I think it's oxtail soup) is savory with a little kick of spicy flavor and just melt in your mouth. For those who read my review beofre going there, please ask the Mango man why it's not in the menu. Now let's go back to the menu..  Empanadas: we got the beef and potato, and chicken and cheese. We love it.. though the skin/wrap is little tough (but they are smart enough to chop it small to make it easier to bite, chew and digest).  Yellow Plantain: another great appetizer. However, you pay 5.95 for 6 slices of plantain, so it's like 1 dollar for each slice. I made sure I enjoy every bite of it. Mango Habanero chicken: spicy, salty, complex flavor that makes your tongue dance of happiness. Big portion, but again a little on the pricier side.  Finally, the 3-star explanation: I totally get that the great Mango man needs to survive, but the restaurant is small and it's a 2-man operation (the mango man in the kitchen and a waitress at the front). The service was okay but not too fast. The decoration is cool but not over the top. In fact I enjoyed my meal facing the bathroom, which is okay for me as long as the food is good.. but for the price I paid? Mmm.. not so okay.  So my suggestion: go there, try the foods because it's definitely worth a try. Go back every once in a while if you really like the foods. Buy the coupons ahead of time to get some discounts if you want to save!
This place is super small! I bet it gets really hot inside there. We ordered take out and the food came out pretty fast. It was my first time having Costarican food and I loved it. Can't wait to come here and may seat at the patio.
I used to really love CCR. The first few times we went, it was PHENOMENAL! Their appetizers are great and I really love their rice and beans.  But the last three times the food wasn't the same. I was disappointed in the inconsistencies of the food. I liked their tico steak burrito but it just didn't taste the same. Then twice in a row I got indian style curried chicken, not the thai style curried chicken that they were famous for. I asked the waitress if something changed and she said "oh, it depends on which chef is working". I haven't been back since then. I was very unhappy with that response.
Had high expectations of this place as I love Hispanic food. It was fairly good. I had the Island Special which seems to be the most popular dish in the menu. The tilapia was overcooked and a bit dry but the sauce covered that pretty well. The rice and beans are nothing worth of mentioning which is disappointing considering that rice and beans are the cornerstone of most Hispanic cuisines and when well done it is a delectable dish.
Wow - What a wonderful dinner!   When my entrée arrived, I started with the salad. It was light yet packed a ton of flavor. I immediately decided to become a vegetarian. But then my taste buds said "No way José" as I tasted my slow-roasted chicken. I've been handed that "fall off the bone tender" line at other places too but Café Costa Rita is the only place that has delivered. The sauce was delicious and really came to life when I added their green sauce. My husband's pork entrée was just as good.  Less than 12 hours later we're checking our calendar for when we can return.
The food is decent, but kind of expensive for what you get. I got the chicken tacos, but they were like $11. The service was kind of slow, but there was only one server on for the whole restaurant, so that is understandable.
When we walked in, there were four tables with people and the remaining 6 or so of the tables had dirty dishes/napkins/etc. This was not a great first impression and we almost left.  I'm glad we stayed though, and we ate outside where the tables were cleared. I had the curried chicken - FANTASTIC! It was slow cooked so the chicken tore apart easily, the chicken bones/fat were removed and the curry flavor was present, but not overpowering. It complimented the cilantro salad perfectly. Though - be warned, I can never get enough cilantro, so if you don't like cilantro, you won't like the salad - at all. I was most surprised by the rice. I usually pass over rice as a side, but this was so flavorful (probably because it was soaking up flavor from the curry/cilantro - Mmmmm)!  My eating companion ordered the Alitas (wings) and had mixed feelings. The wings themselves were dried out and chewy, but the sauces were fantastic and flavorful. I wish it were appropriate to ask for just to go containers of the sauces... but then I read on the web site (after) that you can purchase the sauces to take home. Do this!!  Overall, food portions are hearty and the big flavor from the sauces are well worth the visit. There are no/few other restaurants serving this type of food in Madison. However, this is not a four star restaurant, so lower your expectations before eating there.
I'm a little conflicted about the restaurant.  I went with a couple friends to celebrate my birthday and it was a very nice evening but there were a few minor things that are kind of eating at me.  The plates came out to our table a little less clean then they could of been.  I don't mean unwashed clean but food from making the dishes on the sides and on the bottoms of the plates so when you handled them your hands got greasy and dirty.  The next thing was that we didn't have one waitress but everyone that worked there.  Our main waitress took our order etc but then the hostess and some other girl would keep coming around too and ask if we needed more water etc literally like 3min after our main waitress had checked on us.  Seems like they need better delegation of jobs so they aren't all doing the same thing.    The drinks were strong and the dessert was stronger.  A good drink doesn't mean overpowering alcohol.  And the dessert was so overpowered by the rum that it was almost uneatable.  The cake itself had a good flavor but there was just too much rum.  Our main meals were very good though.  I had the pork which was incredibly tender and the rice side was really tasty.  I don't know what kind of dressing was on the salad but it was really good.  If you don't like overly strong drinks you'd better tell them that ahead of time.    Overall, as I said, it was a really nice evening.  We sat outside and although it has the Willie St. traffic it didn't really seam to matter as there is some huge tree that you're sitting under and they have some caribbean music playing.
Waked by there this evening and put in a to go order.  Took a nice walk and picked up our fish burrito, fish tacos and spinach and potato empanadas.  Yum!
I want to really like this place, I do and the food is pretty good, when it finally arrives.  But man they need to get a better training system in place.    Had dinner solo on 8.10 and sat down outside with no one else around.  While inside speaking with the hostess I noticed cash or check, no problem..I walked across the street and paid my 1.50 to get some cash.  No big deal.    I had the wings, pretty good, the sauces they brought out made them much better and a lemonade, also pretty good.  After this, everything slowed down and the place started to get busy.  I ordered the pork w/ beans and rice.  After multiple apologies from the server and me saying it is ok, i'm not in a hurry and listening to the other server explain to other guests about a wedding and a food donation, then a big spill in the kitchen, I was growing tired of excuses.  I get it, you're busy.  Now lets get it done.    Finally, after a solid wait, my food showed up, still no problem from me.  The beans were the best thing on the plate.  The sauces again made the pork much better.  The salad was tasty but done with iceberg lettuce.  The waitress asked if I wanted dessert and I said probably not and to please bring the check as I was stuffed.   A few mins later I decided to have a Costa Rican Coffee.  This was the kiss of death.  It took 10+ mins for the coffee and it was very milky and very sweet.  To be fair, I didn't know what i was getting, but was picturing something similar to a cuban.  Perhaps this is the way it is supposed to be but I didn't taste any coffee and it was incredibly sweet.    Here is where I finally lost patience.  I put $40 cash in on a $31 check and the waitress asked if I wanted change.  I get you're busy and yes I too have spent time waiting tables.  A statement if you are fishing for the "do you want change answer" is I'll be right back with your change.    My change comes back and I am 1/2 way done my coffee and the waitress says, "not to rush you but there are two folks waiting on this table".  Really?  Really?!  I've been waiting for how long on coffee and a check and now you are rushing me?  I've been patient as I've waited and listen to you apologize over and over again for being slow, and now you want me out of here?  Instead of leaving $7 for the tip, which is over 20% I leave $6.    I don't like writing a bad review on a local joint, I don't.  But if you read the reviews the feelings are that the service is poor and the food is ok and the prices are high. The service was poor, the food was good to pretty good and the prices were a touch high but not to bad.  Poor service is a reflection of leadership and training.  If mediocrity is ok for you, then fine, but if you want to excel, then someone needs to lead this crew.    As for the food, the sauces made it.  Maybe I'll go again, but it won't be anytime soon.
One of the best meals I have ever had! The atmosphere of the small cafe was playful and happy- music was great, and the service was excellent. Our waitress was sweet, knowledgeable and clearly a professional at what she does- Seriously a great server (I have 6 years in the service industry, I've seen all ends of the spectrum... She was great!)  We has the fried yucca and patakones for appetizer- both were awesome- I preferred the latter- great flavors and doused with mango man sauce! My brother in- law got a mango smoothie, it was like drinking pure mango, nothing artificial tasting. For a entree I had the special, black chicken, roasted for 19hours. It was so tender and delicious, I rarely get chicken for a meal and this was so great.   Chocolate rum cake for dessert sealed the deal. One of my top 5 meals ever!
This place is alright, but it's not worth going out of your way to go there.  The one time I went there, it was a not very busy Saturday and it took awhile for us to get our food because of both how slow the order was made and also due to our server, who managed to perform an extremely confusing mixup with our food.  Everything I had tasted decent, and the special sauce was pretty good, but at the same time it wasn't amazing.  This would be fine normally, but the prices here are significantly higher compared to places with similar quality food.  Most entrees here are over $15 and they really feel like they should be like $5 less.  This is even worse for vegetarians, because you have to pay extra in order to substitute tofu into dishes, which is an anomaly for anything on Willy Street.  Finally, the setting is somewhat odd, as it's in a house, and I remember the chairs at the table we were at being somewhat sticky.  Bottom line:  Take average food, then add slower than average service, higher than average prices, all within a weirder than average building and you get a restaurant that's not quite unbearable, but definitely not worth a trip.
Very, very good!  We haven't had that good of service in a long time.  The tilapia was wonderful, and my wife LOVED her chicken special with the sweet island BBQ sauce.  The sweet plantain dessert was great, too.  Overall, a excellent meal!
Curried chicken was great, pulled pork was amazing.  Pricier than I thought it'd be but the food was delicious.
I looove this place. The food is amazing! Very flavorful and tasty! TONY the mango man makes the best caparinhas I've ever had! I also highly recommend the coconut jumbo shrimp, the ceviche, and the island tilapia fish.
The Mango Man is really nice and friendly, I was happy to meet the man in the kitchen! This is a small restaurant, but that's okay, because it really is more of a cafe anyways. I enjoyed a pork dish on my visit, the pork was tender and the rice complimented the dish nicely. The lettuce however, I could have gone without - but that would have really limited the meal. There were two different sauces available and they were both spicy (or at least spicy to me, I don't dabble with spice well).  My favorite thing was their vast rum selection. While the drinks were small and there was a lot of ice, I will say they didn't skimp on the booze. As my friend said, "this is how I make them at home!" Which means, they were strong drinks with a touch of soda.  If you are looking for the Caribbean experience, you will certainly get it here! Get a rum smoothy, that is a real bang for your buck.
The sauces were amazing! Service was a little slow, but the staff were very friendly! Would definitely visit again!
Firstly we got there and realized it was cash only. So that was not the best start as we didn't have cash on us.  We had to run to the gas station and draw some money.  After that we had a pleasant dinner. Food was very good and the cocktails were even better.  All the wait staff were very friendly and full of knowledge on how the meals were prepared.  I would recommend this place, just have cash ready.
As a Madison resident for just shy of a year, my partner and I have been tasting our way through various restaurants and pubs, particularly in the Willy St. area. This was our first visit to Cafe Costa Rica and will be our very last.  The service was insanely slow, my drink order was incorrect, and the food was bland and cold. Another couple walked out without placing a food order after nearly an hour waiting for their drinks to arrive. In the restaurant's defense, there appeared to only be one server working, but if you can't handle five tables, you might consider a new profession.  We were looking to try out a new neighborhood place and enjoy the outdoor seating, but we should have noticed red flags when the place was practically empty while neighboring places (jolly bob's and weary traveler) were packed. We're all about supporting our local businesses but we will never throw away 50 bucks at this place again.
As other reviewers have stated, the service is atrociously slow. On a Saturday night, we walked in the dining room and no one was at the hostess stand. We hang around for about five minutes before a server walks in and sees us standing there. He hands us menus and silverware, tells us to sit wherever we like, and also to grab the two bottles of sauce hanging out on a table. Needless to say, this new and innovative way of seating customers did not really win points from me.   Another good 10 minutes rolls by before a different server comes out to ask us if we'd like anything to drink. I would like to note that there were a total of six tables that were seated, both inside and out, with two servers working. Our server starts telling us about the history of the restaurant. I think this is something that you should print on your menu or have on a sign in the restaurant, not something you make your server recite to every table. We'd like to hear about tonight's specials, please. Also, in case you missed it, there are signs everywhere that say cash or local check only. I asked the server what the Costa Rican coffee was. She had no idea. Maybe now would be a good time to learn? We place our order for a rum smoothie, the curry chicken, and pulled pork. It took about 15 minutes for them to make that drink, and then another 30 minutes to make our food, despite several reassurances from our server that our food would be out "shortly."   The curry chicken was pretty disappointing. As another reviewer mentioned, there was an overabundance of chicken broth soaking everything on the plate. The greens on the plate were basically just shredded iceberg with some pico on top. The chicken was bland and needed heavy application of the sauce (which we had to snag from a recently departed table, as the waitstaff were too busy doing whatever). The single fried plantain was nice though.  We had to flag our server down for the check, and go inside to hand it to them. She asks if I want change. Um...yes? Service 101: never ask the customer if they want change; always make change.   Food: It was ok. Service: Absolutely terrible.
My friend and I tried to go to Weary Traveler, but there was a long wait so we started walking down Willy St. I had never heard of Cafe Costa Rica, and we were intrigued by the outside of the place. There was no wait, and the waitress was great! She was really friendly and explained all the food and sauces really well.   We split the quesadilla and the curry chicken. The curry chicken was awesome, and I would definitely order that again! The quesadilla was also above average, I just liked the curry chicken more. All the sides that come with the dishes are great, and the sauces they give you on the side are interesting to try with the food. Everything was flavorful and cooked just right!  I will be back!
This is College of Southern Nevada's Hospitality/Culinary Dept's restaurant.  The front of the house staff are students in the school's Restaurant Management class.  The food are prepared by Culinary Arts students in one of the Culinary Department's restaurant classes (e.g., Aromatics, French, International), with menu changing daily during the weeks that the instructional restaurant is open.  This is a sample menu prepared by students in the Aromatics class from 10-14-2008: Choice of Soups or Salads Butternut Squash Soup with Garam Masala or Wild Rice Soup with Fresh Marjoram, Seasonal Mixed Greens with choice of Maytag Blue Cheese Dressing, Apple-Walnut Vinaigrette, or Asian-Orange Vinaigrette.  Choice of Entrées: Grilled Marinated Ahi Tuna served with Fried Wasabi Potato Cakes and Hot and Spicy Eggplant with toasted Sesame Seeds.  Linguine tossed in White Clam Sauce with Littleneck Clams and Fresh Oregano.  Curried Lamb and Vegetable Stew served over Cous-Cous with Mint Chiffonade.  One of 3 Dessert selections prepared by Pastry Students in the program.  All meals include Homemade Bread or Rolls prepared by CSN Culinary Arts Students under the direction of Master Pastry Chef/Professor Rudi Eichler and Pastry Chef/Instructor Ms. Jody Lee.  Price $7.95 (tax included, tips goes toward CSN Scholarship fund)  North Las Vegas is far for most ppl, especially with the freeway and road constructions currently causing havoc on Las Vegas roads, but if you are in the area it is well worth the drive.  The dessert that is served alone can cost $7+ in a typical restaurant with its own Pastry Chef.  This is literally the best deal in town when the school is in session.
I think there are so few reviews about this place because it would be too crowded and you'd never get in if everyone knew about it. Seating takes place over the course of an hour, but if it's a full house I don't think you'd be able to get in at all since the meals will take the whole hour or more for everyone there.   Since there were so many people, we ended up waiting and eating over the course of two hours.   That being said, the price is worth the great food. The bread was cold, which was surprising, and at one point only one piece of bread was warm but the others were cold in the same basket. Not sure what was going on there, but the bread itself is fine as far as flavor and texture.   The soup was pretty good, too, but the salads are just regular to my tastes, even with the fancy passion fruit dressing. The main course and dessert wowed me. Best creme brulee I've ever had, though the custard was a bit thin. Not sure if it was supposed to be like that. The cakes are good, too.   Beverages come with the meal but you can only choose from the soda, and you get free refills on those. Coffee and other fancier drinks are extra.
Awesome fish tacos today! Loved the dessert too, great spiced ice cream. Service was good, very quick and polite server.
CSN culinary ad hospitality school has the best kept secret in town. A school lab restaurant that provides students with much needed experience and you with a three course meal for under 10 bucks per.
After eating here tonight, I'm convinced this has to be one of the best values in town! Seating was a little hectic and I ended up being asked if I mind sitting with a table of ladies who had an open seat at their table for six. All of the waitstaff here are super friendly, if not the most efficient, but cut them some slack, they're culinary students who may never have waited a table before in their lives.  Just so you know in advance: Don't come hungry; the wait between courses can be quite lengthy as the restaurant usually fills up. Also, don't come when you're pressed on time. I'd say the dining experience here can take around two hours.. so take someone you enjoy being with! An awkward dinner could seem like forever here..  All meals are a three course affair from a prix fixe menu for $7.95 p/p and all tips (cash only for tips) go towards a scholarship fund.  I went for the dinner that is available on Thursday nights featuring their aromatic menu. I believe the menus change according to semesters.   For my appetizer tonight I had the crabmeat soup with soy bean curd. It wasn't exactly what I was expecting as it came with a clear broth that seemed to be flavored with doenjang, a Korean fermented bean paste. While the crab was fresh, the broth itself was much too salty. I love salty.. but this was an overload! Especially since my water didn't get a refill throughout dinner since our waitress was so busy. Most of the other diners at the table opted for the cream of mushroom soup which they said was delicious, and the salads that I did see looked crisp with some endive leaves thrown into the mix.  For the main course I opted for the grilled beef tenderloin with potatoes au gratin and zucchini. The various steaks that were deposited around the table were very inconsistent as far as how they were done, but somehow it ended up that everybody got their preference. I myself prefer a rare steak, and my piece was a medium, but it was still the rarest on the table. The beef itself was flavorful and so so tender! The potatoes could have gotten a lot of help from some salt, and the zucchini was julienned beautifully. Other options were a scallop and shrimp scampi (jumbo scallops.. I had some regret over my steak when I saw these) with an asiago polenta cake and asparagus spears, and baked herbed chicken with pan gravy and morels.  For dessert there were three options as well: a chocolate mousse dome, lemongrass spongecake and a pear tart with vanilla ice cream. I went for the lemongrass spongecake as that sounded a little different from the norm and I'm so glad I did! I didn't get much lemongrass coming through, so it was very subtle, but the cake itself was moist and delicious! And this coming from someone who doesn't care for dessert! All options were ordered, and all around the table were oohs and aahs.   Three courses, great quality, $8. They take credit cards too!
So i hit up goatpost tonite with poly's adventure's in eating group.  Asst Jay gets the credit for finding this lil gem.  I probably give the food a 3 star,  the company adds a star and / or the accommodation by the owner/employees to the group.  the two highlights for me - the curry goat and the oxtail. the beans/rice, the pastry dishes, the jerk chicken, jerk pork were okay ( i guess i can give more than a nod for the jerk chicken - the jerk sauces has some serious bite ! )   the fruit pastry also left a positive impression.    the space is somewhat simplistic - could use better a/c but even if it was 60 degrees inside, the jerk sauce will get ya sweating.    the dish with the deathfruit - ok but i didn't really understand the dish .  and of course, after the meal, pickin' at the teeth, who should finally show up with a half empty / full 12 pack of tecate - the joyful ruthie !  evening ended with playing Jamaican dominoes for prizes .  a fun evening  !
Our only lunch on this trip was at the Goat Post Tropical Grill on Buffalo Drive.  This is a small unassuming restaurant owned by a couple that serve as waiter (him) and chef (her).  The food spans both the Caribbean and Mexico, but we went with for the Jamaican beef patties, jerk chicken with spicy fries and Jamaican ginger beer soda.  The pastry shell for the patties was amazingly soft and the filling provided enough spice to keep them interesting.  The jerk chicken proved to be spicy, tender and bountiful.
Return visit. Sad to say at around 7 pm the place is empty. I really feel for the owners of this place and i hope this was simply a slow weeknight.   We ordered the curry goat and whole fish - red snapper. started with codfish fritters ( big surprise - another restaurant.com coupon )   they bring you a basket of chips with bean dip ( sorry babe, you are gonna hate me later tonite ! )   As with my past visits, the food is good, it's home-cookin' good. Without the coupon, the pricing might be a little high ( the goat $16, the fish $23 ) but it comes with some great plantains, cabbage, and other veggies so it's a complete meal.   The place might also have an identity crisis - is it Jamaican ? Nicaraguan ? Mexican ? American ? The menu is very large.   I still like the place and hopefully it makes it !  pics attached
This is no longer a Caribean joint, it served Mexican and El Salvadoran.  I did not eat there, we wanted Jamaican Patties.
Centro america restaurant & rincon catracho have the Best pupusas in town !  Great latin nites friday & saturday excellent service they also have web page www.bestpupusa.com to find out their locations ooo karaoke on sundays nice atmosphere!
This place is pretty dang good. I can't say I have had much but I come here for the pupusas.   I usually come here with big groups, the service hasn't been the fastest but that could be because of the size of group I have been with. If you ask for something they will usually get it to you pretty quick though.   They give you free chips in some tomato based sauce with cheese on top like Jadira said. If you want more just ask and they will hook you up.   The pupusas are flavorful and super cheap. Most of them are only a $1.50. Can't really beat that. Well you could but they are worth the buck fifty.
I would come here just for their complimentary chips. They don't give you the average basket of chips and salsa. They give you tortilla chips that are smothered in some sort of tomato sauce concoction with crumbled cheese on top. Just between the three of us, we had 4 baskets! The menu has a lot of variety. This is one of the only places in Vegas where I can find actual Honduran cuisine along with lots of other Central American dishes.  Even with all the complimentary chips we had, my mom still wanted chips and guac. When ordering, they asked us if we wanted it Mexican style or another style that I can't remember the name of, but it included eggs. We stuck to what we knew and ordered the Mexican style. It was VERY fresh and the chips were nice and crisp. I ordered 2 ceviche tostadas with a side of rice and beans. The tostadas were too salty for my taste, so I wouldn't order that again. The rice and beans were very good though. My mom ordered Chile Relleno. Her plate was HUGE because it also came with rice, beans, and chips. She couldn't finish it all, but she enjoyed everything she did eat. My sister ordered Sopa de Caracol. I didn't sample any of it, but it had such a delicious aroma. There were also very large pieces of shrimp in along, as well as slices of banana.   On top of everything we ordered in the restaurant, we also got 4 Pupusas, 2 tamales, and a sweet corn drink all to-go. I'm not sure how much it came out to because my sister treated us out, but the meal was more than satisfying.   Tips: Monday - 99 cent Baleadas (min. 6 to-go) Tuesday - 99 cent tacos and pupusas (min. 12 to-go) Wedesday - 99 cent tamales (min. 6 to-go) Thursday - 99 cent pupusas (min. 12 to-go)
never ever again! my family & i were craving pupusas and this is the closest place to us so it seemed perfect...now im thinking gosh if only we would have just driven a bit more and gone to las pupusas then we all wouldnt have gotten food poisoning! i had to miss work today on top of that...i should have seen the warning signs...when i first called they said the total would be 12.97...when i got there she told me 13.00 now its just 3 pennies so i didnt even complain...now i am because it wasnt worth any of our pennies! 2nd there was a weird smell upon walking in...now i saw a couple of ppl eating there so i thought well its probably not too bad and since its almost closing theyre probably cleaning or something & i did just come out of an amazing smelling car...WRONG! they are just nasty period and the pupusas came out as the greasiest pupusas ive ever seen!we had to wipe and soak all that grease off of them....why didnt we see all the warnings?! im half salvadorian trust me it was just masa rolled in grease! avoid avoid avoid....try las pupusas or anywhere else instead!
Check your bill, check it twice! We came here during the Marquez Pacquiao fight after asking around for the best place to watch the fight close to my house. they were charging 15.00 dollars cover charge which I thought it was fair, went inside, sat at a booth and asked for menus. we ordered a bucket of beer, some raw oysters and other appetizers. we kept ordering beer and appetizers all through the fight. the food was good, the service was outstanding and the atmosphere was tense betweeen Pacquiao and Marquez fans as I kept diving into the oysters while my friend had their eyes glued to the TVs.   at the end my friends and I were as happy as we could be. lots of good food, lots of beer and victory for Marquez we couldn't ask for anythings else......check please. :( Ok, we were drunk and happy but not that drunk, I had more mercury than alcohol in my system and I noticed that the prices on the check were different from the prices on the menu. Everyone In the restaurant wanted to leave after the fight so waitresses and cashiers were busy a the time so we didn't want to make a big deal so we just assumed that the prices were higher during special events, we paid the bill and left the restaurant hating them in silence.  I've been back few times after for the oysters and they also have good deals on pupusas but the check keeps being inconsistent with the menu prices or regular prices during advertised happy hour but now I make sure to point it out, I'd like to think that they're just honest mistakes.....lots of them. If I was to rate this place solely by the food, this place would get 5 stars. But I hate going to a place where I can't drink to the point of obvibion for fear of waking up the next morning and realized that I've been fuc'd.......I'll be back.
Just came here for the first time and I love the place! I wanted pupusas and this was the closet place to me that served them. So glad I came because they were having a special for take out orders of pupusa for 99cents each (no, it's not Thursday, it's Monday) .  The staff is beyond friendly and made it very comfortable for my children and I as we waited for our order. Best customer service I have ever received in Las Vegas at any place! I would LOVE to come back and dine in and enjoy. Oh and my pupusa were perfect! Not greasy or any of the complaints I have seen in other reviews. This is officially my pupusa spot!
Good but not as good as las pupsas only bouns is the 99cent deal on thursday usual menu with salvadorian and Mexican food staff is a lot more friendly and do speak English unlike las pupsas. So If you ever need say like 29 pupsas defintly hit this place up on Thursdays
We were treated to dinner here by a Salvadorean couple we're friendly with.  I visited El Salvador eons ago, before the fighting, and all I remember was the beer (!), so I kinda think of this as a new experience.  Oh, they do have Mexican food, too, even though Mexico is part of North America. (Okay kids, the geography lesson for today has left the building).  The restaurant is fairly large, spanning about three storefronts, but nothing about the decor excited me.  Herb G. and I tried pupusas for the first time; we turned down the offer after our friend said that they contain chicharrones, which I can't stomach, but changed our minds when he said we could get them with just beans and cheese.  We loved the taste, but the grease was a little more than I could bear.  I followed the lead of our host and ordered a dish called Isla or Bahía something:  a paper-thin steak covered with pico de gallo and four shrimp, with rice and refried beans.  It was a major disappointment - everything was room temp enough to make KTNV's Dirty Dining list, and the steak and shrimp were overcooked and dried out.  The rice was mush, and the beans were, well, refried beans.  If I'd thought of it I would have asked for black beans. Herb stayed just south of the Rio Grande (okay, so I lied) and had enchiladas, which he enjoyed.  And his dish was hot.  It was Saturday night, and at 10 pm the atmosphere changed completely.  A DJ set up shop and started playing great música latina - cumbia, bachata, reggaeton.  The lights were dimmed and the friends and relatives of our friends showed up, ordered a bucket of beer, and went to work dancing their tushes off.  Me, too!  The place has a full bar, and I would have been downing margaritas, except Herb ordered my usual rotgut wine for me while I was outside making a phone call.    I wouldn't go back for the food, though my little dog Jake loved the leftover steak, but I'd sure go back for the music!
I must admit, I think I've only eaten here during the Art Walks in Sunnyslope, but I LOVE their pupusas!!  Tender little pockets filled with meat then fried and served with a tasty sauce.  I highly recommend this little gem in Sunnyslope.  And when you're done, you can saunter over to Grinders for some coffee....
What a delightful break from the norm.   Papusas are the main attraction here, and they do them so well. I had the pork and one with loroco flower--both were wonderful. This was the second time I've had papusas (the first being at a papusa festival last year) and they were just as great as I remember them.   We started off with the shrimp salad which included grilled shrimp on cucumber slices, topped with avocado and surrounding a bed of mini-shrimp. Served on tostada or just on a fork, it was lovely.   I'll definitely be coming back here when I'm jonesing for papusas.   Note: A cursory understanding of Spanish is helpful, as our server spoke limited English.
So, I finally had a pupusa!  I was at Art Walk in the 'Slope tonight and arrived starving.  I knew I was going to come here for a pupusa. The food is cheap!  I got a bean and cheese pupusa and a bean tamale and spent I think $6.  My tamale wasn't quite heated up.  It wasn't fridge-cold, but nearly.  The pupusa was really rich and loaded with filling.  I was really full by the time I finished my meal. I'll be back again because Dottsy got a shrimp one and I had a bite and it was yummy!   It was nice talking to the owner.  They're from El Salvador and I spent time in Central America going to college.  It was nice hearing the Central American accent, since I'm surrounded by the Mexican dialect here.  Made me miss the warm sandy beaches of Costa Rica.
See what happens when you wait too long to write your review!? Phoenix Magazine beats you to the punch and lists one of your favorite finds as one of the Valley's best dishes!   Oh well, I guess I should just feel "validated."  Here's my take on this place: For $12.50 you get a platter full of diced shrimp ceviche bordered by at least a dozen grilled regular sized shrimp and no less that a whole avocado's worth of wedges. It's served with crisp, flat, tostada chips and is plenty to share! A real value!!  If I'm dining alone, I generally get a couple of pupusas. Pupusas are like thick corn tortillas stuffed with cheese, beans or meat - your pick! They even offer a version stuffed with the loroco flower, which I understand is similar to a squash blossom. Myself? I'm a bean and cheese girl most of the time. And, I prefer them straight up: skip the tomato sauce and slaw topping.   The chicken soup is flavorful and the portion size is significant, served with a couple of handmade tortillas.  Salvadoreno recently got a beer and wine license, and, a I can't think of a better beverage to wash down a pupusa than an ice cold beer!  Oh! I guess this can be my "scoop" - Salvadoreno is going to start offering a $7.95 lunch buffet from 11 - 3. Buffet items will vary depending on the day of the week.  I'm feelin' a pupusa eating contest as a lunchtime UYE!
Last evening was my second time eating here.  Both times I was there for the Sunnyslope art walk.  The first rime I had papusas and this time I had onion chicken and a horchata.  The chicken was fork tender.  I thought they were pretty good with service considering the crowds. I have had the pleasure of sitting with several Yelpers each time and I don't think any one of them ever complained about the taste of the food which is pretty good as Salvadoran food is not near as common as Mexican.
After frequenting Salvadoreno #1 in Mesa quite a few times, I was pleasantly surprised to see that they had a branch located up near where I work in No Pho.  The food was nearly identical - which is a huge plus!  Like others have mentioned on here - the Pupusas are super cheap and are one of my new favorite food items.    The restaurant itself is a step up from the Mesa location though.  While not quite as cozy, it is spacious and really well lit.  As someone who is planning on heading back to school for some Spanish courses (but definitely not remotely fluent yet), it was a little easier to communicate as well.  Now quit reading this and go try some Pupusas!
We were staying at Squaw Pee Hilton for the weekend and decided to check this place out. I will say that we sat in the parking lot for a minute or two deciding if that's what we wanted to eat. Not that it was uninviting or dirty, just not what we expected I guess? Nevertheless, super glad we decided to stay. I was completely amazed at how good our meal was.   We started with the ceviche, which was some of the best I've ever had. I'm usually not a ceviche guy but this place managed to keep the citrus in check.  I decided to order the Churrasco Salvadoreno, which is a combo plate of Carne Asada, grilled Shrimp, Chorizo, plantains and black rice and beans. I wasn't a huge fan of the chorizo (too much vinegar for my taste, but that may be normal for El Salvadorean food). The Carne Asada and Shrimp were great, and the plantains cooked to pure perfection.  Wifey had this combo appetizer with empanadas, pupusa, plantain chips, Fried Yucca and a few other things. What a great plate.   My son ordered the carne asada plate and my daughter had a kids meal with a cheese pupusa and rice. Overall, great great great meal. I felt like I was back in Puerto Rico or Miami.
I rarely give 5 stars but lord, this place was good and brought me back to my latina roots. We stayed at the Squaw Peak Resort and used a coupon from the Entertainment book. Despite this, we managed to shell out $70 including tip but that was because we wanted to try everything. We had the shrimp ceviche salad (delicious), combo appetizer platter that had some fried pork that tasted just like pernil (Puerto-Rican marinated pork roast), fried yucca, fried plantain strips (my absolute favorite) and a number of other goodies. They have kids meals so we ordered a pupusa plate filld with chicken and a side of rice and beans. Their rice is delicious, I had to order a side. Hubby ordered a combo that he thoroughly enjoyed and son ordered a carne asada plate. Everything was delicious and the server was just so friendly and quick to tell us all about the food. She was awesome. The restaurant is very non-descript and in an equally non-descript, virtually deserted shopping plaza at Central and Dunlap. It is just past Bombero's so you can come here for dinner and then drinks at Bombero's. I can't wait to come back to this restaurant!
I'm a big fan of Latin American cuisine and I had to give this place a try.  I was not disappointed. The restaurant is located near a strip mall on the southeast corner of Dunlap and Central.  There is plenty of parking and it was not hard to find.  The restaurant itself is simple, clean and welcoming and I was greeted as soon as I walked in with a friendly, smiling face.  I asked for recommendations of what I should order to get a good taste of what defines El Salvadorian food. I ended up ordering the Pollo Encebollado as the main dish, a Tamale de Pollo and Chipilin con Queso as starters and, of course, a couple pupusas.  Way too much food, but I love leftovers.  The Tamales were fantastic.  Way different than the typical Mexican tamales most Americans are used to.  These were soft, tender, moist and very tasty.  The pupusas came out next and I dug right into the Chicharron y queso pupusa and it was so good I wished I had just order a dozen of those.  I could eat those little heavenly slabs of loveliness every day.  When the chicken came out I was stuffed, but I insisted on trying it while it was freshly served.  The chicken was really good, moist, tender and seasoned perfectly.  It is served with rice and beans but not Mexican style.  The beans are like a sweet black bean soup and the rice is more like seasoned white rice with some vegetables cooked in.  The chicken dinner was also served with several of their small, fat tortillas which are kinda like the pupusas but without a filling. I really liked the food here and will definitely go back.  The prices are a little high for a lunch place but about right for what you'd expect to pay for an average dinner.  You get a lot of food for the money though.
One of my top-5 restaurants in town!  I first tried El Salvadoreno because I had a Restaurant.com card I needed to use.  I felt like it was a pretty big risk, seeing as I've never had Pupusas before, and I didn't speak the same language as any of the workers.  Fortunately for us, the menu has English subtitles, and better yet - Pictures!  Let's cut to the chase... Pupusas are the specialty, and you'd be a fool if you didn't try one.  I'd go with pork, cheese, beans, but why not get 2 or 3 and try something adventurous?  Be careful, the food is filling and I can never finish my plate.  My favorite dish is the Arroz ala Vallencia, which is basically rice with chicken, shrimp, onions, peppers, etc.  It's served with their hot black bean mash type thing, 2 chips, and 2 home-made tortillas.  Their fresh, hot tortillas are the best, especially dipped in the beans.  And as with all my favorites, they serve Mexican Coke (the soda), as well as Jarritos and a few other bottles familiar to most Spanish-speakers.  Plan to spend a while here.  The service is great, but rushing is not part of the experience.  Relax.  Eat a pupusa (kind of like a stuffed, doughy tortilla pancake... with stuff inside it).  Delcious restaurant, authentic and very reasonably priced.  I first went to the Maryvale location, and they are both pretty much the same.
I went back to @SalvadorenoAZ tonight, after seeing a mini pupusa picture tonight on Facebook.  So glad I did; it'd been WAAAY too long!  I got the three pupusa combo, but should have gotten the two, as I barely finished two of them. And I had none of the slaw stuff that comes with it.  As I write this, I fear I may actually explode.  If you have never had a pupusa, your life has no meaning or purpose.  Ok, that might be a bit harsh, but just a little.  These things are so good, it's a wonder they don't have a line out the door all the time!  While I was in tonight I had a wonderful conversation with the owner about things they are working on, and let me tell you, I'm super excited.  Tomorrow, improve your life, and get thee to one of the Salvadoreño restaurants around the valley, post haste!  Then come here, and tell everyone how magical it is!  BTW: they have vegetarian, and vegan options, if you're "one of those people"...
I love pupusas!  OMG they are so delicious!  I had two; one with just pork meat and one with mixed beans, pork and cheese.  I WANT TO EAT NOTHING ELSE!  And the price can't be beat! $2.10 US each!  They are served with something not unlike coleslaw which is kind of sour. It makes a lovely contrast to the savory of the pupusa.  The only complaint I had; need more beer selection.  I had no idea a treasure like this was so close to where I live!  YUM!
I was invited to @SalvadorenoAZ for a special preview tasting of their Fuego #pupusa, with jalepenos and queso.  It was AMAZING!!! Muy delicioso!!  I decided I wanted more, so I ordered a fuego carne asada pupusa.  It is now the only thing I will be ordering!!!  Thank you, @SalvadoreñoAZ!!!
This place is off the chain!  Everytime I go, I want to go back the next day.  I don't even like beans, but I like their beans.  I've gotten the combo platter and it usually lasts me 2 meals.  Very reasonably priced.  Great service!  Very clean.  If you're looking for Latin food outside the box, check this place out :)
There are a lot of things I miss about SoCal and one of those things is the rich and ever present multicultural food experiences. So I've been on a mission lately and I am quite the happy camper now that we've found legit pupusas here in Phoenix.   Salvadoreno is a neat hole in the wall joint that just screams authenticity with a family run affair and kitschy decor on the wall. We arrived early for the dinner hour on a weekday so there wasn't any other customers in there at the time. A little disconcerting at first had I not read the other Yelp reviews. The service was pleasant but the food out a little slow. Not a big deal since everything came out so freshly hot and just prepared.   With the four of us in our party we managed to try the pupusas in carne asada, revueltas (pork, beans and cheese) and the loroco flower (a squash/okra like veggie) with cheese. The pupusa dough was perfect and perfectly fried as well. The accompanying rice was buttery and delicious. The homemade tortilla chips were sinfully satisfying and the fried plantains (a separate order) added a fabulous twist to each bite of pupusa.   All in all we were pleased with our meal and I was even more pleased that Salvadoreno is fairly close to home. We will surely be headed back.   Note to self: the horchata here is not the typical rice and cinnamon drink you're used to from the Mexican joints like Albertos. Here, The menu described it as a morrow seed drink. Since it was not what I was expecting I had a hard time drinking it but it WAS good...just in a different way that's going to take some getting used to.
There was an elephant in the room, and it was on the table across from me.  Having attended last years' Pupusa Festival I was stoked to find Salvadoreno #3 about five minutes away from my office.  I decided to grab a quick lunch one day, but sadly Salvadoreno had other plans in mind.  I walked in to a completely empty restaurant.  As I took a seat I noticed a needs-to-be-cleaned table across from me.  A half eaten pupusa taunted me from a dirty plate.  The lunch menu was reasonably priced, with several choices.  I chose the  Pollo Catracho, fried chicken with plantain chips and various other goodies.  An iced tea sounded good so that was ordered as well.  The tea was brought out.  It was tasty but there were only three tiny ice cubes in it.  Lukewarm tea is not that appealing.  Then I waited...  and waited...  and waited...  As I sat there in a completely empty restaurant I wondered if anyone would notice me grabbing the half eaten pupusa off of the unclean table.  I also wondered why no one had cleaned the table.  After more than 30 minutes my food arrived.  It was freshly made and delicious.  Still, I had to slam it down in order to get back to work.  And that damn pupusa was STILL there!  To sum up:  -Great food -Great prices -Really slow service -Clean tables!  I'll definitely go back to Salvadoreno based on the food alone, though I'd be hesitant to go during my lunch hour.
It's surprising to me the reviews this got. I wasn't super impressed at the flavors of each plate.  I do think the price is good for the serving sizes and it's open pretty late. There really isn't another place with this type of food around the area.
So after tasting this place at the Yelp Science Center party I KNEW I had to go check this place out! I had never even heard of a Pupusas until that fateful Yelp night.   The hubs and I rolled in about 7:30ish. We were the only ones in the place aside from the waiter and the cook. We took a seat and the waiter came on over with menus in hand. He was really helpful, I told him I didn't know what I had at the yelp party but I wanted it again. I had the shredded beef, bean and cheese pupusas. So tasty.   The hubs and I also split an order of the potato and cheese puff things. It was like a deep fried mashed potato missile! So crunchy on the out side yet so fluffy on the inside.   Hubs got 3 pupusas, two shrimp and a steak. I sampled the steak and it was pretty bomb! He went nuts over the shrimp, but I skipped trying it out, wasn't in the shrimp frame of mind. The one thing I wasn't a total fan of was the coleslaw, it has a very vinegary, dill, I don't know what kind of taste. I am VERY finicky with my coleslaw though, hubs said he liked it.   The restaurant itself is nothing to write home about. Its olllllld. The tables and chairs are from the late 80's and worn. There was some rad gangsta rap playing over the speakers and Bones reruns on the tv, but when I noticed the time and asked if they could switch the tv to american idol (yes I am a nerd) He gladly did so and turned down the rap. Pretty rad.   So for an iced tea, a total of four pupusas and some tasty deep fried potato puff guys, the bill was only $13.99 (with the coupon they gave out at the yelp event). We left very full.
Hey! They've got vegan bean pupusas! What's a pupusa? A breaded pocket, kinda like a really really thick doughy tortilla, with a filling inside. The 2 papusa combo comes with rice (made with no animal products), a little cup of beans, salsa and a spicy coleslaw that is delish.  Their menu says "ask about our vegan & vegetarian options", but when I told our server we were vegan, she suggested a bunch of cheese items, so apparently she didn't know what vegan means, but I explained.  Even so, it's nice that they have options for those of the vegan persuasion. I am bummed that they only have ONE papusa option for us and that is beans. There are a few other veggie+cheese types, but they told us that the fillings are premade and they can't remove the cheese, so that's lame. We also asked if they could make us a potato papusa and they said no.  Wish they would offer a few more vegan options, especially some additional vegan pupusa types!
Dinner at Salvadoreno is a real treat. It's all so perfectly wonderful, exciting, delicious "to die for" food.
You know how some people say that those little mom & pops "hole-in-the-wall" restaurants make the best food? Well, this is THAT place. Seriously, words can't express how much I love pupusas, and choices are limited here in Phoenix, but this place does it right. For those of you who have never had one, it's like a thick homeade tortilla stuffed with cheese and pork- or whatever you choose as the filling, then topped with this pickled cabbage/onion/carrot mixture. Amazing. Pupusas are only around 2 bucks each, and you only need 2 or 3 to fill you up.  Come check this place out- I know I'll be back soon.
Can you say tummy homemade goodness??? The food takes a little rime to come but it's made to order. The server was extremely helpful and personable ... Remember when people liked their jobs and it shows! I had the two Pupusa platter... Yum! Going to go back and explore the menu. Only downside is canned sodas so no refills but the food more then makes up for it. Small hole in the wall very relaxed atmosphere.
Taste like trashy! Unbelieve when I ate tamales and found excessive salt, not fresh and oily. I refuse to come to this lousy restaurant again.
Just tried the place. Mom and pop feel, the ladies really have that "family" feel. Nice to see them eating their own food, so figure it has to be good. Pupusa were really good, warm, nicely done. Very good, 2 to 3 are enough.  Definitively, stay away from the tamales though. Not sure what it was, very soggy.  I liked the rice and the beans were black, pasty like but was very tasty.  I would go back and try some more things.
Fresh and delicious.
Pupusa. Say that word 5 times fast. Then go get one from Salvadoreno!   I am a big fan of Salvadoreno. Especially when it comes to their pupusas. Pupusas are cornmeal patties filled with meat and/or cheese, veggies, or even cactus flower. They are super delicious and filling to say the least.   I have had Salvadoreno create "mini pupusas" for several parties that I have hosted and they have been a HIT with my friends. I know a lot of my friends are now pupusa fans because of Salvadoreno! Try a pupusa with a side of crema...yes, it will change your life!  I have had a meal at their restaurant a few times as well and have not been disappointed once. The restaurant is more of a "quick meal" or cafe type of setting rather than a nice sit-down restaurant.   I will keep this review nice and short because how else can you say how delicious something is?  I look forward to more pupusas in my life!
Great experience at this quaint restaurant.  The pricing is terrific and the food is absolutely delicious.  I have three of the fuego pupusas (cheese, chirrichuro, shrimp), and it was so filling I only finished one on-site. (ate one for breakfast with an egg over the top- mmm).  My wife had the carna asada and raved about it, she too took most of it home and can't wait to finish it.  The pupusas come with a choice of sides, I had the rice and beans and both were excellent, much better than your typical "rice and beans" from Carlos O'Briens or Los Olivos (I enjoy those but these were much better- although not as good as Chino Banditos black bean but I digress).  We went with another couple who have sailed all over the world and gave Salvadoreno two thumbs up as well. The place is very clean, the service was attentive, and the pricing was very reasonable.  Can't wait to go back.
Truly amazing!!! And a great value.  I wish I lived nextdoor to this place!! I would go every day.
Enjoyed this food at the Sunnyslope Art Walk. Very delicious! It was fun to try food that we have never tried before. Loved the pupusas!! Our favorite was the pork (with cheese and beans I believe). We usually are not pork people, but the flavor was great!
Perfecto! Sabroso! Barato!- Perfect, Delicious, Cheap!  I cannot believe I found another gem in Phoenix where the food is overflowing, delicious, cheap in price, and just plain perfect. I never give 5 stars and this is my first 5 star review!  I went after church earlier because I was seeking something delicious, ethnic, and relatively cheap. I came across some of the reviews of this place as I sat in front of Squash Blossom debating on going in.  The reviews for Squash Blossom were horrid, so I sat put and then this restaurant came up as a place I might like to try as well.  I read the reviews and decided to take a walk on the wild side and head out to this pretty area in Phoenix.    I also got to practice my Spanish.   The Sopa De Pata- Beef Tripe Soul, Pupusa with beans/cheese, and the Pupusa with squash/cheese, a side of fresh Salvadorian style salsa and fresh shredded cabbage delighted my taste buds with every bite.   The waitress answered all of my questions that I had about the food, being that I have never has Salvadorian food before even though there are more restaurants like this back East where I am from; Shame on Me!!  I will be back here with my East Coast Foodies group and so should You!!  Cheers
Prices were not bad but the food was somewhat bland. I got the largest Salvadoreno platter they had on the menu to try a little of everything.  I have never had food from El Salvador before, so maybe thats just how it is, but I wasn't impressed.   My GF also did not really like what she got (don't remember what it was though).  I wouldn't return.
I asked for two chicken pupusas and the ones I got had absolutely zero chicken, only cheese. I told the waitress about this and the cook explained that the chicken pupusas do have chicken but it is mixed in with the cheese. All I wanted was to get chicken pupusas with chicken in it. First they said that they would give me two chicken pupusas, but then the waitress came to our table and told me that the owner had told her to give me only one pupusa and give me a ten percent off on my bill. Are you kidding me? Is the owner that cheap to not want to give me an extra pupusa? Or does she not understand that it costs her more to give me the ten percent off than to give me a pupusa and that she'll be losing a customer for ever?  I'm not broke so I didn't care about the ten percent off the bill. Maybe the owner thought that was the right thing to do, but all I was asking for was that my pupusas have some chicken in them. Their pupusas are decent, but don't get the chicken pupusas 'cause they don't have any chicken in them. As for me, I cannot support a business owned by someone that is so cheap and couldn't care less about customers. This place is officially on my "never again" list.
The pupusas are excellent here!  I order something slightly off the menu and it comes out great every time.  I like the Pork and cheese which is just like their pork, bean and cheese and never once have they goofed it up.  Attention to detail is so nice.  :)  I've not had anything else to eat at this location yet, but if it is like their other locations, it will be great when I do.
Was excited to try this place for awhile out but was thoroughly disappointed, I think it all stemmed from the hair baked into my pupusa and our water that tasted faintly like horchata. Or maybe it was the waitresses hand in our salsa.  I have had good pupusas and these were pretty bad.
Once again, thanks to Yelp, we checked out this place Saturday evening.  If you go, definitely try the pupusas.  They are essentially a savory pancake with a filling of your choice.  They were delicious.  We also had the fried yucca which was fabulous as well.  Their pupusa plates are a steal - 3 of them for about $10.  They're large and extremely filling.   The only downside is that the service is very slow. This very much feels like a family place and if I feel like I'm getting family recipes, I'm okay with the wait.
Everything we have had here is wonderful.  I ove  all flavors of the pupusas but especially the lloroco ( did I spell that right?) My son likes the rice and the fried plaintains. Their version of tamales are wrapped in banana leaves and are a little creamy but muy delicioso! Their salsa has a mild smoky flavor.  I like the herbs they always stick on the side, I don't know what they are but they add a little green crunchy that cuts through the oiliness.  Yes, lots of things are fried here. It is not diet food. Usually we seem to be the only non-Salvadorenos in the house, but are always welcomed with a smile.
I decided to stop in for lunch here just the other day. I was curious about the food and invited a friend to join me. When we got there we were the only ones in the resteraunt. They seemed to have many options as far as entrees. We decied to try the Pupusa combos. I also placed a to go order for some co workers. After waiting 30 minutes, our food finally arrived. I waited another 15 minutes for the to go food. The pupusas were rather bland. Having ordered the chicken, pork and steak. The chicken was the only one to have any real flavor. We also found the rice to be really boring. My co worker did really enjoy her chicken soup. Having only an hour for lunch, and the food taking as long as it did, I only really had about 7 minutes to eat. I'd like to give this place another chance maybe for dinner sometime. Lunch is definetly not a good option if you're on a time crunch.
Be prepared to wait even if you are the only customer, but it's worth it. The food is made to order and tastes homemade. I love the refried black beans. My husband and I usually share the sampler platter...we love the variety. The food is interesting. For instance, a pickled cabbage slaw is served with all dishes. The plantain chips, stuffed pepper, Papusas, and ceviche with fresh chips are also good. The only thing I haven't loved was the onion chicken. I definitely recommend if you are in the neighborhood!
Pupusas. I have no idea what these are, besides DELICIOUS! I have not been able to try anything else! You can order and get three different kinds in one meal! Not a fancy restaurant, but very nice people at the front willing to explain the food to you. I am so glad I drove around looking for lunch the other day! What a FIND!
Gave it a try and will be back!  Ordered the Pupusas even though I really wasn't sure what I was getting.    YUM - its like a thick homemade corn tortilla that they somehow magically filled with good stuff!  Wonderfully fresh, perfectly spicy yet vinegary coleslaw and a red sauce on the side - eaten together its a DELIGHT!  My companion had something healthy - pumpkin chicken and squash?  Fresh, not over-cooked, and a plate of fresh made corn tortillas!    Don't go for the ambiance and don't try out your fake-pidgeon Spanish on this staff - just eat what they bring you and you will be happy!
Wow! I am sooo glad I stumbled across this place! Words cannot describe the excitement. I would have loved to try every single thing, but limited myself to a takeout order of three pupusas (revueltas, loroco, y espinacas y queso), three tamales of mixed variety, and "Salvadoran" guacamole---all for under $20. (No, it was not all for me. And, yes, I do in fact have leftovers from the generous portions!)  I see some other reviews referencing the wait time--it took about 15 minutes for my to-go order and everything was made completely FRESH! I am impressed that they can make such amazing food in that amount of time!   Each pupusa was delicious and flavorful and the tamales were so very unique, contrasting the traditional Mexican variety we get used to here in Phoenix . Even my husband, who doesn't even care for tamales, said these were the best he ever had! The masa, wrapped in banana leaves,  is pillow-ey--like polenta meets mashed potatoes meets heaven. I'm in love. Plus, I could slurp those black beans smoothie-style all day long.   This restaurant is definitely a hidden gem, not too far from Central Phoenix, and though there was a little bit of a language barrier for the novice, the staff was beyond friendly and welcoming-- like being invited into a family's home, with smiles from every corner.   In fact, while waiting for my order after paying, I began asking the gal her favorites that I should try next time. My Spanish and her English were broken and definitely not grammatically correct as we struck up the most genuine conversation I've had in a long time. In her own generosity, she brought me a small sampling of her favorite snack--it was delicious. I can't wait to return.  P.S. I picked up a couple palatas (pina y sandia). Though I haven't tried them yet, they look scrumptious for $1 each. Yum, yum, yum!
When it comes to Central American food, This is the place. If you are like me you spell Yummy , P-U-P-U-S-A-s.    Love, Love, Love the Cheese pupusas. Come with your appetite, you are in for a treat Pupusas come with a side of coleslaw that makes it extra lovely and of course there is Salvadorean  salsa.  Whenever I can I stop here to get my favorite treat from Central America.  I like Cheese but they make other flavors as well.  Be sure to have plantanos frito as well. A tasty sweet fried Plantain with crema and side of beans,  I adore this as well.   This is an excellent hole in the wall place, clean and neat and  authentic.  Stop in watch some futbol and have a real meal . ( The family that runs it has several locations)
Came here while visiting from SF with family and was looking to have a descent salvadorean meal. This place is ok. The Pupusas were ok, they were a bit too soggy for me. Curtido could have been a bit mor flavorful. I do love the decor and the staff were very friendly. I wish I could have like the food a bit more. Maybe next time I'm in town visiting, I'll give these guys another chance.
Finally made it to Salvadoreno the night of the Sunnyslope art walk!  Although it had been only a few hours since lunch, I made the sacrifice to eat again.  A sacrifice everyone should make.  Since I wasn't too hungry, my husband and I shared the Salvadoran sampler.  Well that backfired because the sampler was huge.  Two different pupusas, fried yuca, chicharron, empanadas, a tamale, plantain chips, and dessert!  I had never had yuca and was surprised to find it tasted similar to a big french fry!  The pupusas and empanadas were fantastic.  And I could eat the plantain chips and salsa all day.  The only things I didn't care for were the tamale (I didn't like the masa-it's much creamier than the typical Mexican tamale) and the dessert (on the outside it looked liked a chocolate donut, but had a filling I didn't care for).  But that's the beauty of a sampler.  If you find something you don't like, move on to the next thing.  Overall, I'm a big fan of Salvadoreno and would happily eat there again anytime!
Riding around Old Town today I couldn't choose which new restaurant to try, Metro, Digistif, or The Mission. Glad I chose The Mission.  This restaurant is beautiful inside, with the beautiful chandeliers everywhere. They have great hardwood floors and travertine throughout, and a beautiful bar. There were no mistakes made in the design of this restaurant.   The food is expeptional, and they call it a modern latin american. A mix of Peruvian, Ecudorian, Brazilian, etc. I ordered the pork shoulder tacos, and while incredibly small for $14 they were the best tasting tacos I have had in a long time, and definitely on the unique side. They serve you three of them and they are about 2 inches across... very small corn tortillas. I want to try something else next time for a bigger meal.  The service was perfect, however I was the only one in the restaurant. This is my new favorite lunch spot in Old Town. They need to either lower the prices or up the portions for it to be a 5 though.
Fabulous food and amazing decor - and food is just as spectacular!! The guac is a must every time! I MUST recommend brunch... I split the cinnamon waffles (like desert) and the chicaquiles (sp?). I got the best of both worlds a south of the border breakfast with eggs and the waffles were like a dessert. This will be a regular brunch spot for me on the patio. Thank goodness they are off the noisy and busy Scottsdale road!  See you soon at The Mission - I'm the cute one with the bloody mary on the patio.
I met the BF for a nightcap at The Mission on Thursday night, and it was such a cool place and had such an appealing menu that I decided to return tonight (Friday) to celebrate my birthday with a small group of friends.  Even though it was kind of last minute, the staff at The Mission was extremely accommodating, and we had an incredible experience.  (For those of you that follow my reviews, please note that our birthday dinner at The Mission was quite the opposite of our experience at Estate House in February, in a wonderful way!)  I am pleased to say that I did not taste anything I didn't like tonight at The Mission, and I did a fair share of tasting!  Starting with their red sangria, their special frozen mango margarita, fresh made guacamole, incredible salsa (I swear my friends wanted to bottle it up and take it home), scallop entree, sweet potato & potato fries, and milkshake dessert, I feel like I gained a good five lbs at dinner, but I would do it all over again for sure - we had so much fun!  The food really is exceptional and there are still a handful of menu items that I can't wait to try!  Sonia was our waitress and took great care of us along with Brian (who runs the joint), and a team of other staff.  Our glasses stayed full throughout the evening and they continued to check on us to make sure we didn't need anything else.  It was crowded with a fun vibe and I am sure we'll be back again real soon as The Mission is a new favorite in the hood for us!
okay, I have to start with that I am a bit biased because my boyfriend is one of the managers at Zinc Bistro but I have always been a big fan of Matt Carter and at Zinc well before Ben and I started dating.   The food is amazing. The atmosphere gorgeous and the staff is friendly and accommodating. I have tried almost everything on the menu and could go on and on about the details. Trust me it is outstanding! Most importantly Matt and Terry have brought an outstanding venue for everyone to enjoy. Brian and Emily are gracious with their hospitality and working hard to make it happen at The Mission.   Got to run because now I am hungry thinking about the place.  Going to The Mission!!!!
A friend and I had dinner at The Mission, and were really impressed.  The food was excellent; the freshly made guacamole is a unique twist and the fries are perfectly made.  And we were really glad to see what seemed to us to be actually two pricepoints on the menu.  We opted for the less expensive tacos (fish and steak), and were SO glad that we did because, having already inhaled the guacamole, anything more than the tacos was much too much to eat.  I'd like to try a few more items on the menu before I upgrade this to 5 stars, so that means I'll definitely be back!
I met a decent sized group of people at The Mission for a Sunday brunch and it was a treat.  My friend and I each had the Chicaquiles, which were prepared wonderfully and served very promptly (hot plate!). I had a mimosa while waiting and while it was very good, with fresh squeezed orange juice, the eleven dollar setback for a single drink was a bit much. While we waited, the wait staff brought out a guacamole cart and prepared a bowl of it especially for us based on what we wanted in it. The ingredients looked very fresh and the guac was delicious.  I decided on some coffee with my breakfast and I must recommend it to anyone who enjoys a brunch with some java. Apparently (as told by our waitress) the coffee is a blend prepared for The Mission exclusively. It was definitely a highlight during the meal.  Our group ordered almost one of everything from the brunch menu and I heard no complaints about quality, quantity or freshness of what we received. I'm sure I will make another visit to this lovely establishment in the coming months, when I do, I'll be sure to update my review and add any new comments.
I must say I was very impressed with the attentive and courteous service  at The Mission. This is a beautiful restaurant with warm and inviting interior and exterior decor and an excellently devised menu of flavorful dishes.  They have many South American culinary delights and unique plays on more familiar meals.  I highly recommend this place with two thumbs up.
This place is doing something right for sure!  I have been here for breakkfast, lunch and dinner...I have also been here for a last minute bday dinner and for night caps that have turned into a bit more than that....thank you Brian and Terry!  These guys can turn the joint inside out everynow and again....if you catch them on one of these evenings your bound to have a drink or two poured in your direction.  This place is quiet eclectic if you walk around for a look see....There is a  piece of framed art in the far back corner that Brian's  (an owner) mother painted. There is a round table with claw legs under a chandelier that came from Brians mom's house and I would guess once stood at the base of double spiral staircase in the foyer of a large plantation-like home.  The candles,chandeliers, communal table, outside fireplace and courtyard make for great ambiance...  The Mission has not let me down yet....The food, be it breakfast lunch or dinner has always been as friendly as the staff and as eclectic as the ambiance.  Kobi Beef hot dog wrapped in bacon with beans on the side.   Halibut tacos.  There is a dish (cant recall what its called) that has peanut butter in it...OBVIOUSLY do not order if you have allergic reactions to peanut butter....but, let me tell you, if you're kool with p-but, order this dish!!!  O, you also have to like pork.  Afterwards if ur feeling guilty for all the extravagant food and drink, u can always walk on into church and confess.....(right next door).  And tell them I sent you....NOT the priest,...tell Brian I sent you and that you want a drink on the house (let him know the power of YELP.
beautiful restaurant, incredible food, NICE people who work there
I never had a chance to stop into this structure back when it was the Union Bar, however I couldn't imagine it being anything close to what it is now as The Mission.  Upon entry, my date and I were cordially greeted by two very attentive hostesses who promptly showed us to our table after shuffling just a bit since we did not have reservations.  Our table was a bit tight, as we were seated against the wall, but it made no difference as both of the two groups that were seated next to us throughout the nite were cordial and polite, not affecting our dining one bit.  Our entrees were spectacular, and the side order of grits was a stand-out.  The table side guacamole was smooth (and plentiful) and the service, outstanding - almost too outstanding, as I think I was asked if I was finished with my meal about 5 times before I actually was, however I'll take too attentive service over the opposite any day.  At the end of the night, too, the manager was going around pouring small shots of a very fine tequila, just to give the remaining diners a taste and talk about the New Year's tasting menu they'd be serving.  He was a joy to talk to, and his personality was genuine - something that isn't always the case here in the valley (or anywhere, for that matter).  Lastly, I love the positioning of both the bar as well as the tables in the entire restaurant.  It flows well, its comfortable, and I will absolutely be going back.
Ben and I stopped by for lunch yesterday.  Ben had a little bit of work to do and I brought my laptop to entertain myself until we could sit down for lunch.    First, I ordered the Roasted 5 chile soup.  I had this on the night of the Friends & Family event in October and I couldn't wait to have it again.  The runner brought the bowl to the table with the chilies and tortilla strips centered in the bowl along with a small pitcher of the soup.  I have always loved  this presentation.  The soup was poured over the accompaniments.  A delicious and flavorful soup with that kick of spice in the back of your throat.  A great way to start the meal.  You can certainly taste all of the efforts from Chef and the kitchen crew that went into this meal.  I ordered the Pork Shoulder Tacos.  The pork shoulder is offered on the dinner menu which I haven't had yet so I ceased the opportunity to order it for lunch.  3 open face tacos were brought to me presented on a long plate with a couple of lime wedges.  3 mini tacos over corn tortillas had more than satisfied my appetite to experience this dish.  So much flavor!  I spoke to Chef Matt Carter later to ask him how it is prepared.  He told me it takes 15 hours to prepare from prep to finish.  You can taste every second that has been put into this dish.  Tellin' ya!  Ben ordered the Chicken Arepa.  "The arepa is a corn-based bread from the northern Andes in South America (from countries like Venezuela and Colombia) now spread to other areas in modern Latin American countries. It is similar to the mesoamerican tortilla. Arepas are most popular in Venezuela, Colombia and also Dominican Republic."  Okay, I wish I could brag about my knowledge of Latin American cuisine but I totally copied that quote from Wikpedia. LOL.  The arepa was lightly grilled then split open and filled with chicken and chorizo with chile sauce.  Served with potato and sweet potato fries and a couple of dishes of aioli.  It has a spicy hit to it and was not over powering yet full of flavor.  Chef told us the heat level can be adjusted to the dish.  Holly was our friendly bartender.  We sat at the bar but did not have cocktails this time as we both had to get to work later in the afternoon.  But I will say I have had the Mission Margarita made with fresh lime juice.  I am a picky brat about margarita mixes.  I used to make my own at other places I have bartended.  They are fantastic and we will have to go back very soon.  I spoke to Emily Graham, manager about the Sunday Brunch menu.  It sounds like business has picked up and their first New Year's Eve dinner was a great success.  Okay! Enough gabbing.  Go to The Mission will ya!
Mission not accomplished..... Let me start off by saying that I am not trying to trash this restaurant but I was not impressed by my experience that I had there the at all. I decided to check it out because of what the reviews said on yelp and ended up being a bit of a let down and that kind of makes me wonder if some of the Yelp reviews were done by family, employees or friends. I love to eat out and try to do so as often as I can (or cash flow allows), so me and girlfriend tried 2 apps with 2 main dishes trying to get a feel for the food and enjoy a good dinner. First, when we walk in the place it was very empty and it still took the hostess a bit long to seat us, why? I don't know. Second, we have a seat take a look at the menu and the server greets us (by the way nice server but kind of spacey) he takes are drink orders and recommends a few dishes. After a while we get our drinks but not the bottle of water that I wanted and paid for (it never got there) and the cocktails were imaginative but bland. To spare going into details the food was not bad, but just okay. After all the hype I was expecting more but honestly if I wanted great modern Mexican/Latin food I would definitely go somewhere else like - Mucho Gusto or Barrio Cafe ECT.... I think that what made me realize that I would not come back here is, when I felt the snotty and stuck up feel of this place when I responded to one of the employees about what I thought about my meal. I wasn't rude but said it was just okay but they made me feel like I was wrong for not loving it. The staff is a bit arrogant or at least similar to how this town seems to be and the prices reflect that... I am by no means cheap but $12+ drinks?, portions that don't match the prices(way over priced for what it is) call me what you like but I'll stick to great food and some what reasonable prices somewhere else. If the food were amazing the price wouldn't even be an issue i.e. Mastro's City Hall. Like I said earlier seems kind of odd that some people have given this place 5 stars when it's avrage at best. In a city were there are places that deserve high praise(4-5 stars) this is not one of them. The Mission honestly gets 2.5 to 3 stars for food, 3 for the setting (kinda cool but trying to be too trendy) but lost it when it came to the service, drinks and overall lackluster food, portions/price. I love Matt's other place Zinc Bistro but this just makes me wonder about chefs crossing over to cuisines that they enjoy eating but perhaps don't understand. I might give it another try sometime to see if it improves but I don't think I'll be back... So sad so sad, I guess I'll just have to wait for the next big thing...... Mark-
I went to Old Town Scottsdale during my very first break from medical school.  I'd heard Scottsdale was a cool place, and not being a native of the area, I desperately wanted to explore somewhere outside Glendale.  I'm so glad we happened to find this place!  The building itself is unobtrusive.  Quietly sitting a block off the main drag.  It really belies the beauty of the interior.  I was really impressed by the dimly lit interior.  Even if the place was full (it wasn't when we were there) I still think the sense of intimacy at each table would be pretty well preserved.  It's kind of like how people are just automatically quieter in churches.  Then, the really impressive part began: the food!  Mexican-ish.  Fusion, it might be called.  Our incredibly friendly server, Nick, came over and regaled us about the place.  My gf and I each ordered a glass of wine from their nicely stocked wine list and some guacamole.  Turned out, we were in for a real treat.  It's made fresh.  At your table.  And it was divine.  Our entrees were equally impressive.  My pork shoulder and chorizo with white truffle potatoes was easily the best pork dish I've yet had.  When the meal was done and we finally left, it was with the throughout sense of satisfaction you get from a truly impressive dining experience.
Wow!  Loved it!  The portions were a bit too small for the prices but the food was great.  Hostess was especially friendly.    Table side Gac is AMAZING but again WAY too tiny - especially for 12.00.  The Primarita Marg was super yummy - but again, pricey!  I felt like I was back in Los Angeles with these prices! Great parking as well!  The decor is beautiful and different for Scottsdale.  Great crowd. I felt like I wasn't in Scottsdale.  It had an up north feel (think San Francisco).  Cool place.  This is by far my favorite place here in AZ - I bring all my out of town guests here and have many girls nights out - and date nights with my hubby. Love that its dark and cozy - but hip at the same time. I have NEVER had bad service or a bad meal - this place is GREAT!  The owner Brian is a doll, his sweet wife works there too - wonderful, wonderful wonderful!
Was very skeptical when I first walked in.  It was 7:00 pm and only one other table of people. The menu though looked very interesting so we ordered up a few dishes and some cocktails.  I can't remember the name of the dishes but mine had three small corn tortillas with flat iron steak that was nicely marinated and tender with some fresh avocado slices and cilantro.  My husband had some mahi mahi mini tacos.. The fish was very fresh and not over fried with a nice dressing of fresh mango.  The best part of our meal was their bread pudding with a whiskey and caramel sauce that was out of this world.. I could of had a big ol' dish of that for my meal, it was that good!  We are in the Scottsdale area about three times a year so we are definitely going back to this place.
It was a culinary delight visiting this restaurant! Everything we ordered was delicious and had amazing flavor!  We ordered different things to give everything a try.  There was nothing we didn't love!!  Very cool interior design.  Our server couldn't have been more gracious.  Great place for a date, business, party - whatever you desire!!  I truly can't wait to come back.  Thank you for such a treat!!
Sunday, February 22 was the first Pig Out at The Mission.    I found out about the event on facebook.  As my boyfriend Ben is frollicking in New Orleans for Mardi Gras I have taken full advantage to keep myself busy and get of the house.  The event started at 2 p.m. until sunset as advertised with 1/2 off Mimosas, Bloody Marys and Sangria.  $16 per person all you can eat with housemade corn torillas, chips and roasted salsas.     I ended up bumping into recently James Beard nominated Chef Kevin Binkley of Binkleys restaurat and his wife.  Chef Matt took us outside to show us "the guest of honor" the 50 lb pig that had been roasted since 6 a.m. that morning.  The last time I had roasted pig was at an authentic luau in Kaui in 1995.    The pig roast was absolutey what I expected which was tender and flavorful.  Matt suggested to us that the pig was "money" and to eat it simply with the tortillas and a sprinkle of fresh cilantro.  No salsa necessary.  As always I take the chef's advice and do what I am told.  He was right.  Perfect.  It was a gorgeous afternoon on the patio and guests were seated inside as well.  Everyone was enjoying themselves.  I had one of the Mimosas made with fresh orange juice and Cava a Spanish sparkling wine.  So refreshing.  Also, had one of their best margaritas made with Partida Tequila and Agave nectar.  I especially enjoy Partida.  I met the owners daughter in Scottsdale to promote their new venture in making tequilas at an Alliance Beverage tasting a few years ago.  The family had been growing Agave for 100 years and thought it was time to start making tequilas.  Anyway, the margarita was made with fresh lime juice which I love, love, love.  Delicious.  I rarely get out to see how the rest of the world lives on Sunday afternoons because I am sleeping in after a busy weekend at Roka Akor, the restaurant I work for since it has opened.  I am glad I got my day started and enjoyed The Mission's first Pig Out.  I am sure more Pig Outs will follow.
I was toying with the idea of going on the wagon for a few weeks when I met my friend at The Mission, but the Sophia Loren cocktail caught my eye. My friend was intrigued by the Mexican Painkiller, and I couldn't let her drink alone. And oh, I'm so glad I'm such a good friend.   The Sophia instantly made my list as one of the best cocktails I have ever had - fresh strawberries and mint muddled in rum and another liqueur I can't remember. Just sweet enough to be refreshing. And plenty strong enough to make any hour happy. This drink defines the word elixir. It is as intoxicatingly unforgettable as its namesake.
Had a friend invite/take me to lunch here at The Mission.  The physical place was great!  I had the arepas which were good, not great.  My friend had the tacos, which immediately upon being served them he realized he'd have to order something else (small portion).  My portion for the arepas was plenty as the venezuelan sandwich itself is filling, but also came with a mix of regular and sweet potato fries, which were good.  Actually the ketchup/dipping sauce was awesome now that I think of it.  Price -- hmm, a bit overpriced for lunch in my opinion, but I suppose that is Scottsdale.  That's really what was the difference between a 3 and 4 star for me here.
This is a new restaurant in Scottsdale (less than a year I believe) and is located in Old Town.  We had heard a lot of good things and decided to give it a try.  It is a beautiful restaurant and was packed on the Thursday night that we were there.  We had an excellent waitress who really explained the entire menu and we chose to go the small plates route and were very happy with what we ordered.  The dish we all loved was their Grilled Street Corn with a delicious aioli sauce.  It was outstanding. We also had a grilled prawn salad, smoked Swordfish, Guacamole and chips, and one other dish that escapes me right now.  All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting. I would definitely go there again.
I was looking for a reco for a 'significant' [eh hem] birthday dinner and foodie friend Jim suggested Mission because of Matt Carter.  We had a 7 res and parked right in front...fire blazing out front, nice feeling. Inside, the decor is appealling but because of the lack of soft surfaces, its really loud. [Full disclosure: I did not inform them it was my birthday] We were seated along the banquette wall and were a two top next to a four on each side. Noisy, obnoxious.   Server was very nice although stumbled over the bar order [and it turned out they made a scotch substition that they made no mention of]. Had I not already done my yelp research I would have been at a loss as to what to order. We skipped the apps and had the swordfish and the pork. Swordfish was a fine attempt but I thought over citrified and small bit over cooked. The pork tacos were genius. The combination of the pork, the sauce and the accompanying red onion, queso and cilantro on the home made corn tortilla just sang. The pork arrived as a glistening chunk that falls apart. Well worth the $32 and meant for two. You can also ask for more of the tortillas.   We shared the churros and milkshake for dessert. DEEEVINE. Warm chocolate churros sprinkled with cinnamon sugar and an amazing milk shake that we really enjoyed.   I'd go back and sit outside by the fire and eat the apps and have drinks Plates are small to begin with and I think if you expect a crazy WOW dining experience, you'll be disappointed. I think the service is working out some kinks, the bar seemed okay [although the TV is this space seems well, off putting...] and the kitchen seemed to be cranking.   I do think its very fine food.   .
One word.....FUN! As my friend Patti said as we were leaving, "I haven't laughed that hard in such a long time!" That could be due to too many house special margaritas (which were really YUMMY!) or because we are a fun group of gals!   Either way, The Mission delivers. Service is great. The people working there are friendly (always a must for me to ever go someplace more than once). Food is good, but the portions would be too small for my husband who still eats like food like he's a teen preparing for a football season. For us girls, it's a great reminder to keep our figures svelte- and still feel pleasantly full.   TRY- Table side Guacamole. Guaranteed to be the most heavenly Guacamole you've EVER tasted! They add everything from cilantro to garlic, to hot peppers (to your taste), to cheese sprinkled lightly (or more heavy handed if you request it) on top. Last time there, 4 of us ordered 2 servings of it since the 1st time 1 serving wasn't enough for 2 of us (because it was so good I practically licked the bowl clean).   Maybe it was due to having a margarita first, or not being as hungry the 2nd time, but 2 servings + a drink + the chicken tacos was PLENTY of food (I even had to save 1 taco for later). Those cute little itty bitty 3 tacos don't look like a lot of food, but once you pair them with other offerings The Mission has, you will find yourself quite satisfied.   If you go to The Mission, be sure to bring good friends (or a significant other who doesn't eat like a football player). Be ready for great margaritas, great guacamole, nice servers, and a "chillaxed" environment.   Enjoy!
Went to the Mission today for a nice Saturday brunch  Some old people relatives of mine were in town, so we made reservations and all together we were 10 people.  The server was super sweet, food came out quick, drinks were refilled, the manager stopped by multiple times to make sure we were taken care of.  And the food.... Oh sweet sweet brunch food with a Latin twist.  We got a couple orders of the tableside guacamole ($12 for a teeny bowl!  Yikes!).  The guacamole was absolutely delicious, and they can adjust the spiciness and ingredients to your liking.  For my main meal, I got the corn pancakes topped with crab and some creme chile sauce.  YUM YUM YUM.  My main squeeze got steak tacos, and holy crap were they good!  I can't wait to go back to this place.  I really, really, really liked it.
I should probably give in and up this review to 5 stars but I want to go back and right an update where I use LOADS of exclamation points, so I'll stick with 4 stars for today.   That said: !!!!!!!!! and to follow up: yummmm.   I stopped by for lunch and sat on the front patio which was perfect since the the sun was diffused, there was a breeze and I could eyeball other people's meals while I waited. My server was Sam who is probably the most gregarious server I've had in a long time. That was great because I was dining alone and he made me feel like I was not a loser. I ordered the Corn Gorditas ($9) and the Taro Fries ($7) and was pleased with both. My only regret was using the fries' two dipping sauces because it numbed my pallate a little in terms of appreciating the nuances of the gorditas, which were a little small for a $9 appetizer but all the same, very complete in their blend of flavors and textures.   Then I took my meal to the next level by ordering dessert. I'm not sure "orgasm in my mouth" is a family-friendly term but nonetheless it applies to the pumpkin bread pudding ($6) I ordered. As if pumpkin needed any help, The Mission soaks it in a caramel sauce and sprinkles it with pepitas and pomegranate seeds after adding a heaping scoop of vanilla bean ice cream. orgasm.in.my.mouth. I only wished there were a few more pomegranate seeds tossed on there because their tart juice really contrasted beautifully. I tried not to moan out loud as I ate it.   So the Mission isn't cheap, not by a long stretch, but what is created in that kitchen is culinary artwork, and combined with their very friendly staff and cozy atmosphere, I think the Mission is doing everything right.
I love the tableside guacamole and would go there just to eat it even though the price is a bit much for it.  I've been there a couple of times and both times my food was very good.  I also like the atmosphere, it has a upscale but yet comfortable vibe.  The milkshake with churros we had at the end were oh so yummy!
We decided to go to The Mission for my 24th birthday. When we first parked, we were having trouble finding the restaurant, so a nice guy asked what we were looking for. We told him we couldn't find The Mission, he smiled and told us to follow him. Along the way, he recommended several of their dishes. After we were seated, he came over... turns out it was the owner, Brian! He was such a sweet guy and even sent over chocolate cake at the end of the meal, complete with a sparkler.   The food was beyond delicious. I absolutely HATE guacamole, but their homemade guac was absolutely amazing... very complex and flavorful. I had the Mahi Mahi tacos, which were really good. My husband had the steak tacos and my parents had the pork shoulder tacos. Everything was so tasty and helped make it a really memorable evening.   What really made it, though, was how friendly and attentive the staff was. I was double impressed that Brian took the time to come over and talk with us. These are the little things that can make or break the dining experience.
I had been looking forward to going to the Mission since the Yelp office hour event I was unable to attend.  The restaurant is quite beautiful, sophisticated yet relaxed.  Absolutely impeccable service from the hostess and our server.  We started with the tableside guacamole.  Although expensive ($12), I really enjoyed the option to adjust flavors or add-ins to my taste.  It is only made with one avocado, however, so if you're with a group larger than 2 or 3, you'll definitely need more than one order.  Chips were hot and crisp.  I ordered the tecate skirt steak tacos.  Simply prepared, tender, and delicious.  But I will warn you, these are little itty bitty baby tacos (3) with no accompanying side dish.  Nice for me since I'm trying to learn the art of having a light meal, but not for everyone.  I was a little put off by the serving size given the cost ($10).  I actually would not have even minded that if the tacos were priced individually, and I could have the option of choosing a variety of fillings.  So, by now you're on the edge of your seat just dying to know why only a 3-star rating.  It was my husband's lunch.  He ordered the pabellon, which is a sandwich of braised beef and peppers.  I will admit I did not try it, but I observed the eating experience.  The filling had so much grease that the entire bottom half of the roll was ruined.  The top half of the roll, however, was like a stone.  He attempted to cut it with a knife (he couldn't pick up the sandwich because of the grease), and could not.  He probably should have sent it back.  Thanks to the Mission, I am now trying to get the stain out of his new shirt that resulted from this eating fiasco.  Therefore, my own experience was tarnished.
Every aspect of The Mission lived up to the Republic's 4.5 star review. I absolutely loved the atmosphere, with the dim lighting of different chandeliers and the lit bar area. Service was wonderful, as well - friendly and prompt. We decided to follow the advice from Seftel's review and skip the overpriced items like guacamole and tacos, instead focusing on The Mission's more unique dishes. We started off with the absolutely amazing almejas al vapor - clams, rock shrimp, chorizo, and more in a delicate but pungent broth with grilled bread to soak it up with. For entrees, the swordfish veracruz and the scallop dish both were fantastic. The Mission fries - sweet potato and regular - were the best I've had in the Valley, topping the sweet potato fries at Delux. Typically, Latin restaurants disappoint where dessert is involved, but The Mission is an exception - the pumpkin bread pudding with scotch, caramel, pomegranate, and a scoop of vanilla ice cream was WOW-worthy. I hope this place is here for the long-haul, because we could use more unique restaurants that fill an open niche (in this case, haute Latin American).  TIP 1: Skip the overpriced guacamole, unless you have a party of 4+, and the tiny-portioned tacos.  TIP 2: You might hesitate to order fries at a Latin restaurant, but that would be a mistake. The portion is enough for 4+, and they might possibly be the best fries in the Valley.
My Girlfriend had suggested this restaurant and wanted to go for her birthday.  So very glad that we did!  First the web-site.  Impressive, easy to navigate and very informative!  When you get there, you notice a very nice outside seating area.  Informal but intimate.  It is summer though, and I didn't see any misting system, so I don't know how much use this will be during the hottest months of the summer.  Once inside the doors... BEAUTIFUL! The staff is well trained and even if no one is at the hostess stand you are noticed and spoken to immediately!  The interior is beautifully appointed!  Who ever was their interior designer....rock on!  The waitress was there as soon as we were seated, was professional, made excellent recommendations and was spot on with all her knowledge in helping us with our choices. I highly recommend the pork shoulder, very tender and juicy.  The food is prepared and presented elegantly but not presumptuous.  Portions are small but the quality is high!  If you are a big eater, this is not the place for you.  If you are into food for the taste and preparation to enjoy well prepared food that has a little bit of a different twist... this IS the place for  you! My negatives, and why I can't give a full five stars is because of the seating and lighting.  Although I understand that they were trying to make the most of  space, the bulk of the tables are done in long booths with chairs on the opposite side of the table.  This means that you have tables (in most cases) immediately to the left and right of you.  While conversant with your table, you are privy to the entire conversation of the tables on either side of you and vice-versa. I find this distracting.   The mane private table requires a group of at least 6.  So, privacy is limited.  The lighting is very low, which while adding to the atmosphere, does nothing for trying to read the menu.  I would be fine with this if there was enough candle light on the table to tilt your menu to to read, but that isn't even close to adequate.  If the servers offered a pen-light, that would be the ideal. That all being said, I have no problem recommending this restaurant and will happily return. Every thing was timed well as far as when our different food items came out.  We were never rushed.  I like that!
I haven't had food this good with such great atmosphere in a LONG time.  Most new restaurants are usually lacking in one, but The Mission is great all the way around.   Every item I have tried has been fantastic, their margaritas are new and different and the atmosphere - for both brunch and dinner - is perfect.  I highly recommend if you are looking for a semi-nice/nice night out on the town and enjoy Tapas-style food.
Ok food, ok service, ok drinks. Not impressed but it's good.  Most stuff I like in this place I can get of slightly lower quality at Baja Fresh.  The decor is nice. If you're into churchy stuff.  Service can really lag on busy nights.
So good. Sooooo gooood. I love The Mission. The ambiance, the service, the food, the prices - all great.   Ok, so I've only been there twice. But even after only two dining experiences at a restaurant where EVERY SINGLE THING you order is delicious - not just ok, not just passable, but really, really tasty - it leads you to believe that it's a knock-out of a restaurant...like a guy that's hot AND has a personality. Don't think they exist? Yeah, well... neither did I. But they do! Ok, well, in restaurant world, that is...I make no promises about the real world.  Seriously, I don't think I can complain about anything, so let's just get on to the food. I started with a blended Lemon Margarita that was yum-tastic...the first time I tried the Mango (the flavors change daily), and it was better, but I'm not one to poo-poo any blended Margarita that comes my way, and The Mission's are particularly good. Anyway, we ordered the tableside guac to munch on before our meals arrived, and it was DELISH. Delish. Granted, it's only 1 avacado, but it didn't feel like too little guac, and we had 4 people. Anyway, they do this thing where they drizzle extra virgin olive oil over it at the end, and as WEIRD as that sounds, it makes it REALLY GOOD. I have no idea why. But it does.  For our entrees, we each ordered some version of the tacos, either chicken or skirt steak. I LOVED the skirt steak tacos...they were so good. They come tecate marinated with green chili salsa, avocado, lime, cilantro and cotija, and all of the flavors just work together magnificently...I think each one took me no more than 2 bites to eat. My friend that ordered the chicken tacos said they were fabulous, too, and after he tried the steak tacos, he said they were actually BETTER...I find that hard to believe, but I'll have to try them next time and find out!   In addition to the tacos, we got the Mission Fries, which is a massive basket of sweet potato and regular french fries with different dipping sauces. We also (inexplicably, I know...SO MUCH FOOD...) got the Grilled Sweet Corn, which literally had melted butter drizzled across is. Now, I'm from the Cornhusker state, and BELIEVE you me, I have had my fair share of sweet corn. So when I say that this was really some mad good sweet corn, you know I'm not just yanking your chain. Order this. It comes with only 2 ears, though, so be sure to order accordingly.  Also, order the churros. We didn't get them this time around, but the first time we did order them, and they're REAL good...maybe not as good as the ones at Barrio Cafe, but still delightful. I mean, they're chocolate and served with a milkshake. Seriously.   My coworkers were very impressed with my choice of restaurant, so not only did The Mission yield a superb meal, but it has also convinced my coworkers to bestow upon me all restaurant-choosing rights from now until the end of time...and THAT is fantastic!
Yelp  The Mission  RECOMMENDED FOOD: almejas al vapor RECOMMENDED PEOPLE: Brian Rabb, owner/manager ONE LINER: unique modern latin cuisine  HIGHLIGHT: Met a fun chatty lady at the bar and she was even bold enough to sample my food with me!  Overall: 4 star Food: 4 Service: 3 Atmosphere: 3  FOOD (taste, originality, plating): TASTE: The almejas al vapor are a must try.  The cheese plate is pricey for just one kind of cheese, but it came with apples, honey, sausage, prosciutto, pesto, honey cheese bread, and spicy chimichuri making it one of the most fun cheese plates i've had.  ORIGINALITY:  High.  Lots of new tastes and experiences.  PLATING:  Above average.  Not extreme, but better than average.   SERVICE (efficiency, charisma, helpfulness, menu knowledge) Poor. I sat a the bar, my favorite thing to do and was served by the bartender.  Charisma: Average: pleasant, but not a stand out guy. Efficiency: Low: forgot my drinks, hard to get his attention despite slow crowd.  His work ethic was tremendous however as he kept very busy on side work. Menu Knowledge: Poor.  Didn't know the answer to most of my questions. Helpfulness: Low.  he did recommend the almejas which were fabulous, but when his menu knowledge was low, he didn't try to find out the answers.  ATMOSPHERE (bad, average, interesting, amazing): average.  Booths, comfortable bar area, outside dining.  Star Explanation: 5 star: one of my arizona favorites! 4 star: great eats, recommended. 3 star: good eats 2 star: avoid unless with good company 1 star: avoid despite company
The BF and I stopped in for a late lunch on Saturday as this has been on our long list of new places to try. We were immediately impressed by the eclectic decor with a great mix of contemporary, Southwest and classic styles. I love the lighted "brick" wall and mirrors tilted just right so you can always see what's going on behind you!   We started with the tableside guac and it was delish! We ate every last bite and definitely enjoyed the presentation aspect. Then we shared the corn (to die for) on the cob with a clever mix of spicy mayo and cotija cheese for the right mix of salty, heat and cream.   We finished up by sharing the pork shoulder tacos. These were fantastic and love that all their tortillas (including the chips) are 100% corn and therefore GF! I could have eaten 10 of them as they were that good!   My only knock is that it does seem pretty expensive. Throw in one margarita and one Tecate and the total for both of us with tip was $60! Yikes!!   All in all, a great addition to So Sco that we will definitely visit again!
My man, Dan H, gave this place three stars He sucks sometimes, and generally doesn't like Latin type food  BOO DAN BOO!!!  Went here for the Yelp Eats event LOVED IT OMG, the new york steak thing was SOooooo good.  Service was awesome.    Loved it.  They even put a sparkler in the birthday person's dessert.  FUN!!
Well...I enjoyed Zinc Bistro, also by Elliot, so I figured The Mission would be good as well.  I was right!  I particularly liked the fact that it isn't limited to a particular country and incorporates dishes from a variety of Latin American countries.   I came for lunch so I'm unsure of how the dinner menu plays out.    For lunch,  I started with the cheese plate.  They give you one cheese,  a huge piece, but you can get others for some more money.  In addition to the cheese you get serrano ham, chorizo, a green spicy sauce, apple, Chilean honey, bread and maybe some other stuff I can't recall.  The honey was amazing!  The cheese, Neyat I think,  was a legit cheese.  I also had the chicken arepas.  It is essentially a bunch of awesome stuff, chicken, onions, some sauce...etc on a corn based bread.  Excellent.  And that, my friends, is what I thought of The Mission.
The Mission is highly recommend!  I recently was out visiting Scottsdale from Los Angeles.  This restaurant would fit right in with some of the hottest places in Hollywood.  Everything was A++ - food, service, decor, ambiance, and especially the drinks.  The restaurant was busy on a Saturday night but with reservations we were seated immediately.  We started off with a couple of cocktails.  Everything sounded so amazing from the signature cocktail list.  I wanted to try all of them. Be sure to ask for the strawberry coconut mojito (it's not on the menu but the bartender can make it for you upon request).  It's incredible!  The food was absolutely delicious. Our appetizer was the Duck Carnitas Empanadas.  Something I normally wouldn't order but it was to die for! Then two of us split the Mango & Jimaca Salad  - light and refreshing.  Super yummy for the summer.   My entree was the Chilean Salmon.  It was served stacked in three small portions (but still plenty of food).  Cooked to perfection and the sauce was flavorful. Dessert is not to be missed! For dessert Espresso Churros and Pumpkin Bread Pudding. Don't be fooled by the name - it's not your typical Bread Pudding - it is to die for.  Everything was amazing and I was certainly full by the end of the meal.   One of the owners (Brian) stopped by our table. He couldn't have been nicer!  Next time I'm in Scottsdale I will definitely make it a point to come back to The Mission.
I found the food here to be an experience- the pork belly and guacamole were both to die for.  The drinks were amazing too - we ordered the special margarita and bloody mary and they were both great.  What I wasn't so happy about was the treatment by the hostess.  We had a reservation at 8PM and didn't get seated until 9:30PM.  No offer to comp our drinks or an appetizer, no apology.  We were so hungry were were about ready to leave.  For that I felt like the hostess should get fired.  But I must say the food was worth the wait.
The Missions Secret? They know how to perform exorcisms on chile peppers!  For starters, we tried the Pork Belly Pibil. I'll be honest, I was a bit scared of the Pork Belly and it's texture but i tried it and it was FANTASTIC!!! Full of flavor and I would recommend it to any amateur foodie who's looking to be brave and try something new!  We also had the Duck Carnitas Empanadas (DELICIOUS), the Guacamole and also Chicken, Beef and Shrimp Anticuchos or skewers which were good but not as unique as the Duck or Pork. Most everything is served with an aioli which really puts on the finishing touch.  For the main entree I had Swordfish Veracruz which was presented as a trio...Rice...Swordfish...Popcorn Shrimp(cocktail style, not fried). AND GET THIS - they garnished the shrimp with ACTUAL POPCORN. Very creative. But most importantly, well balanced spice, perfect portion and incredible flavor.   We tried three desserts, the Espresso Churros, Pumpkin Bread Pudding and Fried Bananas. My favorite were hands down the fried bananas...they were in a chocolate crepe of sort and had amazing flavor. The Pumpkin Bread was also fantastic...and...well...damn. So were the churros. OKAY I LOVED THEM ALL!  I will be back to try more.
I think for my sesquicentennial review, I've gotten to a point where I'm letting the food direct the show of stars. Sure, we have the servers and cooks as producers, the location as our stage, lighting, sound and supporting staff. But the meal, ah, that is our celebrated lead actor. Without it, all other pieces may paint a pretty picture, but what good is a painting when it medium is missing?   The Mission really delivers its lines well. Almost too well. Like Dakota Fanning well. Each plate has a spectrum of flavors--bold and smoky with subtle and delicate undertones of fresh herbs. Each dish is skillfully plated and ready for its closeup. My steak tacos were so intensely flavored, I didn't really dwell on the fact there were but three petite tortilla shells mounded with strips of magnificently grilled flank steak and slices of fresh avocado. And the papas y chorizo, which I ordered as an accompaniment, helped balance the palate yet was still a strong item on its own. Robert M's pozole was as unique as it was flavorful, delicious, satisfying and, ironically, humble. The bread pudding he ordered at the end of meal was, according to him, a premature ejaculation. Apparently, that means it was good, so I'll take his word for that. Those who joined us for this meal seemed to share some of the enthusiasm over the dessert, but I don't eat sweets so will have to believe their accolades worthy.   What, pray tell, denies The Mission of the much clamored five-star rating? Primarily, it's the associated fees. On one hand, I was blown away by the sensuous flavors apparent in every edible item. On the other hand, I was blown away upon seeing the bill (especially since I had nothing but water to drink). Does one negate the other? Perhaps. Am I at a place in my life where such a statement rings true? Not necessarily. While my initial response was, I wouldn't likely return to The Mission if it was my decision, I confess that I would, willingly, give myself back to The Mission if only for the sublime sins of doting on sustenance.
Went here on a double date and was not impressed. The amount and quality of the food for the price? No thanks. I've had better or just as good (with a much cheaper bill) at numerous other places. Granted the setting is very nice and swank, and the service was good. Still, I don't think this place merits a return visit.
My hubby, a friend and I went there for Yelp Restaurant Week (I'm just a procrastinator) for dinner.  I had been there for lunch which I really enjoyed, but the dinner was delicious. We each had something different on the tasting menu so we got to try many dishes at once.  The drinks were sooooo good and the desserts were to die for.  OK, we'll be going back and making The Mission a household favorite.
So far, every food item we've had at The Mission has been amazing.  Their must have item is the almejas al vapor.  But for our fourth visit, we went for a four course tequila tasting dinner for $65.  With tip and tax, $85.  Considering we spent that much on most of our "yelp eats" event dinners, all of which were three courses, each far less decadent and with no booze included, this was a GREAT deal...  Dos Lunas was the tequila brand hosting the event...  First Course: Roasted Pork Belly.  We had the pork belly during yelp eats.  That one was intense.  This one was even better!  And spicy from the Chile tepin.  It was on a peanut butter cream sauce, which may sound odd, but the heat, the peanut, the cherry margarita...  Wow.  If that was the best course, I was already satisfied.  First Course Drink: 5 small Cherry Margaritas.  FIVE.  EACH.  YUM.  We kept drinking them before the food got there and they felt compelled to refill us four times. :)  The cherry with the peanut cream sauce meal was an amazing compliment!  Second Course: Even better than the first!  I didn't think it could get better than the pork belly, but it did: Halibut.  It was perfectly cooked and had intense flavor. It was served over risotto that made my spine tingle with every bite!  Second Course Drink: Pineapple Coconut Frozen Margarita.  It was a lot like a pina colada.  Tasty.  Though large it went down fast!  I didn't feel it did anything for the Halibut the way the first drink did for the pork belly.  Third Course: It seemed impossible, but the third course better yet again. Filet Mignon.  And they don't even have that on their menu.  It tasted peppery, buttery, spicy and just so atypically full of flavor!  And of course it was the perfect tenderness.  It was topped with crab that was so succulent I finally had to scoop it off and eat it as two succulent courses to enjoy everything they offered.  Third Course Drink: A flight of three shots of Tequila: Silver, Reposado, Anejo.  The only difference: how long they sit in the barrel. 18 months for the anejo.  Three quick shots of tequila are always a great idea!  And the perfect compliment to that spicy filet.  Fourth Course: Stone Fruit Crumble Cake: the cake was ok.  It was topped with a Rum ice cream that was so potent I felt I was doing shots.  Rum after all that tequila wasn't the most exciting finale.  The dessert was the only let down, but with those first three courses, who cares!! :)  Fourth Course Drink: Iced Espresso Tequila Drink.  I am not a coffee fan, so I had to basically shoot this sucker down.  But everyone else seemed to really enjoy it.  Absolutely worth $85.  And then the finale came.  They let us have a half sized shot of the Dos Lunas Grand Reserve.  A 750ml (25oz) bottle costs $3000.  So a single 1oz shot of that would run over $120 retail, up to $500 in a resort bar.  So all by itself, this was more than we paid for the whole meal!  It tasted more like a cognac and not at all like an 11 year old tequila.  I would never pay that much for a shot, but man it was pretty cool to have.  GREAT event at the Mission.
I have been here for brunch and dinner and prefer the brunch.  Service is alwys great and the food is fresh and creative.
I've been here quite a few times and have a great time each visit. The bar area is really cool, you can hang out to order drinks and still get appetizers/meals served. Their Guac is amazing!!!! They make it fresh after you order it and make it as spicy as you'd like. The meals are tasty and unique from most of the other restaurants in the area.
I'm late in writing this review as I was here on August 1st, but I wanted to make sure I put my voice out there.   My good friend held my baby shower at The Mission and it was just amazing. High class all the way. First off I just loved the decor, it was elegant and fun at the same time. The illuminated salt bricks were very cool and I just liked the trendy feel of the place.  Brian, the owner, went above and beyond to make sure that we got the "back room" for my shower so we could have privacy. They even printed up our own menu's specifically for us. We had our own wait staff who was very prompt and helpful. We felt very important the whole time we were there.  Even though I couldn't partake in the mimosa bar we had set up, my friends all said it was wonderful, as well as the mojitos...I'll have to go back to partake :)  For my breakfast, I ordered Chilaquiles, which was fried corn tortillas topped with red chile pork, fried egg and cotija cheese. They were delicious. I think there could have been a little more pork on them, but for the most part, I thoroughly enjoyed them. It was like breakfast nachos, and who doesn't like nachos. The other dish that looked unbelievable was the Cinnamon Pecan Waffles topped with cinnamon helado. Oh my goodness...if I could have eaten two dishes, I would have definitely ordered those as well! They just looked tempting. For dessert we had the Espresso churros. The churros were okay...a little too crispy, they would have been better if they were served warmer and  if they were softer. But the milkshake that came with it was great! Very creamy and just plain yummy.  I plan on going back when not pregnant so I can also try out the tequila bar! There are so many things on the menu I can't wait to try. Definitely had a great overall experience at the Mission!
Very Very good. We are visiting from New York and know our food well. The Concierge at the Phoenician recommended this place and it was worth it.The Guac was amazing, the Chorizo was awesome, the Mission Margarita was perfectly balanced. The sword fish did fall a little short as the flavors didn't soak into the 8oz Fillet Mignon style medallion but the creole rice accompanying it covered up for it. The freshness of the ingredients was very evident and the chef deserves all the compliments for a wonderful meal. Will recommend everybody and be back when I come back to Scottsdale.
Since The Mission is getting ready to celebrate their one year anniversary, I figure it's time for an update.  I went in for my first visit last November, shortly after they opened, and I've been in countless times since.  The atmosphere is amazing, the staff welcoming, the food unique and tasty... oh, and the drinks go down easy too!  The Mission has become Jared's second home - he's there much more than I am!  I go for an occasional drink or dinner.  My favorite menu item is the tableside prepared guacamole.  It's fantastic!  I am also a huge fan of the white bean puree, the street corn, and the salmon.  I wish they had some lighter options on the menu though - just a suggestion on behalf of those of us that are health-conscious!  If you enjoy Latin-inspired fare, for sure go check out The Mission... Or at the very least, go in for a drink and some guacamole.  Look for Jared at the bar when you're there!  I"ll for sure be excited to celebrate The Mission's one year anniversary in late October.  I'm sure it will be one helluva party!  It always is at The Mission!
I like the scene, the atmosphere, location, drinks, food, service etc. The prices are little on the high side for what you get portion wise. My husband is 6' tall with a 33" waist and they didn't give him enough food. Hate to see what happens when the power protein gym rats go there. One thing I don't like is the sort of "club" feel here. Its nice they want to be sexy, but Scottsdale has a lot of sex, sometimes you just want substance. Last time we were there, we went for my mother's birthday. She is a pretty hot 60+ lady, but the waitress was sort of busting out of her bra (which was busting out of her shirt) A little too much for my taste, keep it classy- we're not in Vegas. AND you're a restaurant connected to a church. It sort of ruins the quasi romantic atmosphere. I also think the seating is a bit cramped for dinner seating, this isn't Pei Wei folks. BUT if you haven't been, give it a try, its  definitely a great spot for all the GOOD reasons I've listed above.
I went to the Mission with a group of 7 girls. We were a large group but since it was restaurant week, we thought it would not be too complicated for us all to enjoy a great meal with no issues.   The decor of this place is beautiful! It is so cool and so hip! I loved it but keep it mind it is pretty dark. There is a great little patio in the front of the restaurant, a bar with some seating available, and a small to medium sized main dining room.   The restaurant week menu was very enticing and I was immediately drawn to the Ahi Tuna appetizer, halibut entree, and churro expresso dessert. Unfortunately, they were out of the Tuna (which our server did not tell us until we were all ready to order. I ended up getting the pork belly salad which was yummy but we were a little annoyed we were not told up front that the restaurant week menu was limited. But no big deal, not the end of the world. We all ordered and were enjoying our cocktails when the waiter came back and said the kitchen only had two halibuts left and three of us had ordered it. It was disheartening to change my order yet again. I ended up ordering the filet. To be fair, it was amazing. Whatever they put in it rub seasoning was fantastic! I just had my heart set on the tuna and the halibut. (I have been studying the menu on-line days in advance!) The three desserts: expresso churro, fried bananas, and pumpkin bread pudding were all OK, nothing spectacular. We did get a free mini margarita with our meal but I am pretty sure there was no alcohol in it.   The staff was very polite and the place was packed. It was overall a great time but I have to go with 3 stars instead of 4 or 5 because I was forced to order things that I was not intending on having. They should be pretty stocked up considering how popular restaurant week is. Additionally, if they were out of something, it would have been nice if they could have offered an alternative third app.   I would go back because it was a great location, nice staff, cool place, and really good steak!
This restaurant has a great atmosphere and very nice service. The menu is not vegetarian friendly and the margaritas are super sweet.   Food is really good, had the salmon and pumpkin bread pudding.   Would recommend for a night out with friends or with a date.
LOVE this place.    The atmosphere and the decor  is classy and the vibe is decidedly sexy.  While on the smaller size in terms of space, it is far from cramped and uncomfortable.  I celebrated my birthday here with some girlfriends and we had a fantastic time.  While I don't drink (not court or rehab mandated either) my friends raved about the Premarita Margarita, their signature drink made with Partida tequila and agave nectar.  We also thoroughly enjoyed the guacamole which is made tableside.  Since some of the ladies prefer their guac a bit spicier than the others, our server was happy to accomodate our requests.  I had the chicken tacos which were the perfect size for me.  I think that a man may look at the 3 small tacos on my plate and wonder what else was for dinner but for me it was perfect.  The chicken was cooked perfectly and had a delicious flavor that just spicy enough without searing my tastebuds off.    For desert, my friend made me a home-made birthday cake that she brought in and for a small cake-cutting fee, was presented to me (with trick candles and sparklers no less!)  The service that we had was top notch.  Brian, the owner, made sure that we were taken care of and helped to make the evening special.  The bartender and server were both attentive, quick, and friendly.  All in all, it was a wonderful birthday dinner.  I have never had a bad experience at The Mission and can't wait to return.
Filet was good, and the flavors were unique. However, something was missing and I can't put my finger on it. Definitely worth a try, but I can't say I'd go back right away, given all the other great choices in the PHX area.  I'd like to try brunch and the all you can eat pork taco Sundays.
Thank you to Yelp for this recommendation.  The food was outstanding, especially the Duck Empanada with Foie Gras, as well as the Braised Short Ribs.  Sorry Gabi, but when I eat out, healthy food goes out the window.  Although the portions  on the plate seemed small, we were too full to eat dessert.
They try too hard with the decor... crazy big chandeliers??? the menu is ok... we sat at the bar for a few apps and some drinks but the bartender was so miserable that he made our time there uncomfortable... he wasn't friendly... he didn't make any conversation... we had some questions about the menu but he was to apathetic to help us... overall food was decent but the service could use some fine tuning...
The pork shoulder tacos and sangria were very good.  I especially liked the tiny corn tortillas.  The atmosphere was nice and very classy.  There were lots of candles, big mirrors on the walls, and chandeliers.  I think the waitstaff was the one downer from the visit -- they were cold and did not try to provide a pleasant experience.  Overall, I just did not think The Mission was anything special.  It's a dime in a dozen in Scottsdale.
Still head over hills for The Mission.  I have even made a pit-stop on the way home to kill my sweet potato fries and grilled street corn craving (I know carb overload).  They just added a few new things to the menu, one of which is the black cod, loved it (hopefully that can help balance out my love of the carbs).  Be sure to make a reservation because the cat is out of the bag on the locally owned gem!!
I am giving 4 stars, but I am a little skeptical about this restaurants staying power. I know it just celebrated it's 1 year anniversary, but there is something suspect about this place.   I had dinner here with my family for my brother's 28th birthday. The interior is very warm and dark. There appeared to be a nice bar area and the dining area was nice and open. I did like the way they presented the menus. They had this leather bound cover and it fit very well with the decor.   We started with a table side guacamole. It was good. The guy that prepared it gave us a play by play and had very infomercial type voice. A little annoying. I almost felt bad for him. The portion wasn't very big however. The chips and salsa were good, but when is that bad. The selection on the menu is quite small and if you are vegetarian there are no options. I had the swordfish with a shrimp ceviche and rice. It was actually very good, but the portion was small by eating out standards. I actuality it was probably the perfect amount of food. The pork and chorizo was a hit at the table as well. I was also able to try the scallops. They were good, but a tad undercooked.   Here is what makes me worry about their staying power. The server to diner ratio was probably 2:1. We must have had at least 7 different people help out our table. We noticed a lot of other servers, runners, bussers, hostesses, and managers milling about. How can they afford to pay all of these people? Oh yeah, the food is on the expensive side.   It was good, but I won't be rushing back there.
We followed the Yelp reviews to this place for a Sunday afternoon lunch. We were really pleased with the quality of the food and the amazing flavors they used in creating their dishes. If you're looking for massive burros for $5, you won't be happy here. If you're looking for creative dishes where you're disappointed you have arrived at the last bite and looking for more, then give them a try. I had outstanding skirt steak taco and my wife had the arepas. She is from Costa Rica, and she was impressed.
Great hip place to go when you are in the mood for upscale modern Latin fair. I wish I could remember the name of our waiter, he was phenomenal. Really excellent service.   My two favorite things were the table side guacamole and the bread pudding. Seriously, the bread pudding is to die for... I highly recommend it... even if you THINK you don't like bread pudding.   I'd suggest going here for a girls night out or on a date. The bar was packed when we got there as well. Overall the food was good, the desert was ridiculous and the service was excellent.
I took my Dad to this restaurant hoping for a great meal.  We were not disappointed!  In fact, we chose this restaurant b/c of the raving reviews - all were correct - this is an AMAZING place to eat.  We were seated right away (despite the fact I muddled the online reservations), the host was very understanding and we were seated immediately.  The service is impeccable and the pork shoulder made me cry it was so tender.  We had churros for dessert - fantastic.  The churros were hot and came with an outstanding milkshake.  I will definitely go back - and bring family.
I usually don't write a review of an oft and well-reviewed restaurant, but felt compelled to key strokes for a few items on their fabulous menu that are missed in some of the reviews. Having been there a number of times since the first month they opened (I love the chef's Zinc Bistro too), I have alot of respect for a place that consistently delivers on food and ambiance. Does this place "try too hard"?  What the H does that mean? The waiters know the menu? Good. There is alot of wait staff? Good. They push drinks? No.   If you haven't tried the Peruvian clam stew, for first course or even for lunch, you are missing a truly refined dish. The clams and chorizo in the light golden liquid are heavenly. The tortas, especially the brisket, are really flavorful. I have no arguements with those who expound the virtues of their pork and beef dishes at dinner. Try weekend brunch or lunch too.
Great place. A perfect Mojito started the night. We then ordered 3 small plates for about $8 a piece, which were all fantastic and not so small. The room has great atmosphere with a community table near the bar. Service was perfect.
The decor, ambience isn't "trying too hard", it's just actually "trying" - to be something other than cookie cutter Mexican/Latin, and stand out from its Gilbert Ortega-esque Old Town surroundings. Charming Old World building with modern rustic elements woven in. Obviously some bucks dumped into it.  Everything was very good, some great. The wine list had just what I was looking for - a tasty Albariño and a Vinho Verde. The food was inventive, delicious and packed with flavor, and despite the full dining room, it came out fast. Almost too fast. I'll get into the food more after a few more visits.   I HAVE ONE CONCERN The Mission could become a victim of its own success. Maybe our couple visits were flukes but... We were a party of 4. When we got there it was PACKED. Like bar-packed, not restaurant-packed. Good for them, seriously. The owner (we knew this because we caught his episode of House Hunters Intl) seemed to personally make it his "mission" to keep us happy while we waited. Way cool. Kept checking in with hostess on our behalf and comped our drinks while we waited in the awkwardly crowded bar/hostess stand area. This was all beyond the call of duty for most owners.  So what's the concern? It has obviously become a hotspot with the look-at-me crowd. Hungry, bedazzled cougars and Affliction-afflicted d-bags. And all of them were on the prowl. This is great for business and buzz initially, but it doesn't sustain you when that crowd moves on to the next hotspot. In the meantime, it's hard to become a regular patron for the food&drink when you've got that scene to battle with. On a weekend, even with a reservation, you're likely in for a wait with no good place to wait.  As others have stated, the place appears to be staffed up to the bejeezus. The amount of staff is exaggerated a bit by the shared service style. You probably feel like there are more servers than there really are because you seem to meet all of them! As The Mission inevitably transitions into a calmer, sustainable success, I imagine the frenzy of bar patrons and staff will calm a bit.  All in all, hoping they stay around long enough to transition from a 4-star hunting ground into a 5-star place for us to become regulars.  Oh, and the Churros. Oh my God.
Great Ambiance.  Excellent service.  Take out of town guests here to create a lasting impression.  4 of us shared all the taco varieties.  When our tacos arrived, they were about 3" in diameter.  I'll admit that I had an internal check-didn't look like a lot of food there.   But once we started eating, those thoughts vanished.  Delicious, and there was plenty of food for all to share.  And anyway...here's a concept-leaving a spanish restaurant without being totally gorged on sides of refried beans and rice and melted cheese.   Of particular note, Pork shoulder tacos for 2.  Tasty and tender.  Be ready to spend a little dough, and take the time to enjoy the ambiance and cuisine.
My husband and I were in Scottsdale over a long weekend and through Yelp and the help of our hotel manager we chose The Mission for dinner.  It's a beautiful little restaurant with an outdoor seating option as well as ample seating inside.  There are little crystal chandeliers that cast a warm glow and the wall around the kitchen is made from salt  blocks that seem to glow from the lights inside.   The food was fantastic!  We ordered the table side guacamole and the kid that made it for us had some excellent suggestions on what to order for dinner. The guac was delicious along with the homemade tortilla chips we ate it on.   We ended up going with the pork shoulder (it's for 2 people) and that was also marvelous.  The pork fell apart as soon as your fork touched it and it's served with tiny tortillas on a salt block and garnishes like sauce, cheese and diced red onion.   The only thing that didn't make this place a five star option was our actual waitress.  She  didn't seem to interested in making suggestions for dinner and didn't say a thing about the fact that I did not touch my Sophia Loren ( a really STRONG drink) I had ordered.  Also the managers were darting around but seemed to busy to talk to the patrons.  However, it would not deter us from going back there again.  It was absolutely delicious!
I want to love The Mission. I really do. The decor is awesome and the margaritas ROCK! But, the food is not doing it for me and I'm so disappointed!   I have had the guacamole and I thought it was fine but nothing so special it should be three times the price of guacamole anywhere else.  The cheese plate, on the other hand, I'd say that's where it's at  - the cheese portions were fair and the grilled pan de yuca was warm, soft and delicious!  The pozole was good but while I thought it was cute that the "heat" came on the side (you add your own serrano and garnish) I would have liked more of the flavor to come from the kitchen.   I actually have to say I did NOT like the mahi mahi tacos and it had nothing to do with the size (they ARE small - the tortillas can't be more than 4 inches in diameter but the filling portions are generous). It was the fat little fish sticks that served as the filling --  all I could taste was the batter! By my second taco, I was trying to pick the batter off and come the third - I just gave up and left it in hopes of enjoying dessert.  Dessert was good - I had the churros on the recommendation of the many Yelp reviews I had read and they were OK. I actually preferred the fried bananas - more specifically, the peanut butter mousse that they were plated with!   OK, I was going to give this place 2 stars but I'm going to round up to 3 with a caveat: For dinner, "Meh. I've experienced better." but for sharing a cheese plate, maybe some pozole, a couple margaritas or a romantic setting for dessert with a bottle of wine, it's "A-OK."
I decided to check this place out after many of the people I had recommended it to came back raving about it! They were right!   The Mission is located in Old Town Scottsdale amidst a flurry of Arizona souvenir shops,  pricey art galleries and historical museums.  This is a very touristy area.  Despite that, the Mission is anything but touristy.  It is tastefully decorated as the name would imply, and still goes a step beyond the cliche mission style with romantic window treatments and elegant chandalier lighting.  My friend and I came in for lunch and as we past  through the front patio, debated whether or not to dine al fresco.  That though evaporated as soon as we entered and eyed the bar.  It called out to us- as many bars do.  Unlike the rest of the place, the bar was empty so we hunkered down and recieved incredibly friendly and professional service. After chatting up the bartender a little about the menu, we sipped our LA Vodka and sodas.  The vodka was tinged with pommegranite and was a little to sweet for me but it was vodka. The tableside Guacamole was prepared with excellent results. Chunky, creamy and best of all zesty as it should be.  The Chips were warm and had 3 different salsas for dipping.  One was smokey, one green and one was just right! Next up was a Peruvian clam stew, served with Taro root bread to sop up the savory juices.  The clams were fresh and the vegetables were very flavorful.  Delishious! We decided to split the Pork Shoulder tacos.  Even though they appeared to be small, the flavor they packed was anything but.  It was the perfect amount  for us.  After a second drink and several glasses of water, we though t we were through- but no. Our bartender friend surprised us with yet  another incredibly tasty dish- Pumpkin bread pudding with vanilla bean ice cream and a little carmel sauce.  It was worth every fat calorie! Everything about this place was excellent.  The service was impeccable.  The decor- interesting and romantic.  The food was truly inspiring and satisfying on every level.   I can't wait to go back for Brunch!!!!
Table side guac is such an awesomely good idea. They'll make it here as spicy as you want, even throwing in habanero peppers if you think you can handle it. Besides the appetizers I tried the mahi tacos and they were great, baja style, but very, very lightly breaded and fried. We also had the please of trying mini-churros with a milkshake (mmmmmmm), fried bananas, and bread pudding. I'm not a fan of bananas or bread pudding so I'm not a good judge of if they were good or not, but the rest of my table assured me they were.  I also really dig the interior of The Mission. It sort of reminds me of the Alamo, although I only ever went to The Alamo once many years ago so my memories could be wrong. However, it has that open, cool, stone feel with tons of great chandeliers and candles hanging around and setting the mood. So, um, check it out and get into the mood.
If you want great food, atmosphere and a friendly spot, then The Mission is the place to go.   I happened to stumble upon this intimate restaurant one evening in old town Scottsdale and was so surprised to find this hot spot. It's literally in a old mission and chef Matt Carter from Zinc Bistro serves up great tasting Latin American cuisine. The atmosphere is cozy and the decor is impressive.   I would classify their menu items as more tapa style and it's a little pricey but worth it. I'm a huge fan of their table-side guacamole and their smokey flavored salsa is to die for. The shrimp anticuchos (skewered shrimp) are excellent. I would recommend the tecate skirt steak tacos served on hand made corn tortillas but the pulled-pork is also excellent. The portions are small and if you are used to large, hearty portions, then I would not recommend this place; however, I enjoy more tapa style because you can sample more of their delicious menu items.   Don't forget to check out their extensive tequila selection and their Spanish wine list; the sangria is excellent as well.   I would definitely recommend this quaint spot for any event, date or outing and the staff are friendly and remembered my name the second time I walked in. Everyone is very friendly and it's well worth every penny.
Having Christmas Eve dinner with friends, we started with drinks and the fantastic guacamole with chips. As we filled up on chips, we joked that maybe we should have just stopped there and not ordered dinner. Little did we know how right we were going to be.   We went the tapas route rather than entrees. We ordered...   Duck carnitas empanada: The shell was tough, not tender and crunchy as it should have been. It also had a very distinct lemon flavor, which was ok, but a little odd. Otherwise, the duck filling was good.   Roast Corn Gorditas: The little silver dollar size gorditas were, again, tough. Almost inedible. Neither the amount nor the flavor of the topping was enough to overshadow this problem.   Shrimp Anticuchos: Waaaaaay over cooked. I knew before I bit into it, too. I tried to remove the remaining shell from the tail and the shrimp didn't pull out of it - too dry.   Chicken Anticuchos: Dry and over cooked. Good flavors, though.   Beef Anticuchos: This one bright spot for the tapas dishes arrived very late. Hot, juicy, and amazing flavors. But... and this is a big one... The runner who brought it made a point of saying that the kitchen had 'run out' of these and had to make this one fresh. Um, what? Does that explain the other 4 dishes and their awful execution? We just happened to get a bunch of stuff that was pre-prepared and sitting around? Suddenly it all made sense.   By the time we finished the beef, we were done but not full or satisfied (obviously). We headed off to Grand Luxe (not that many places to go on Christmas Eve, really) and were happier there with a few tapas dishes and dessert.   And a note for servers: When you ask if everything is ok and everyone chuckles sadistically rather than answer, when you don't follow up, it's obvious you don't care.  In the end, other than the very late dish, service was pretty good. Drinks were good. Chips and guac were excellent. It just felt like the B team was in the kitchen so that the real cooks/chefs could be home for Christmas Eve. So much potential, but so little execution.
Definitely one of the best Mexican restaurants in this town.    What I liked:  The food: I started with the three-bean salad, which was fantastic. It was a mixture of fresh green beans, black beans and pinto beans in a semi-sweet dressing.  Great appetizer on for a hot summer day.  For my entree, I ordered the mahi-mahi tacos, which were also amazing. Three small corn tortillas (house made) topped with big chunks of flash-fried mahi, pickled red pepper, and a special sauce. My wife ordered the black cod for her entree and it was also insanely good.  The house-made guac is also a must-have at The Mission, as they prepare it at your table.  Another must-have is the grits -- make sure you order it as a side dish -- be prepared for serious spiciness though.  Someone else in our party had the pork shoulder tacos, which he loved.  The ambiance: very cool. dimly lit, modern, classy.  What I didn't like:  Service: Our server had a bit of an attitude, and they were also out of several things we wanted to order.  We arrived at 8:15 and they were already out of the main soup on the menu (five chile soup).    All in all a must-try for "fine dining" Mexican in Scottsdale.
My family was visiting AZ and we found this restaurant on Yelp.  It was outstanding.  We had lunch where we ordered steak and mahi-mahi taco's with a shrimp salad and guacamole appetizer.  We sat in the outside dining room and received excellent service and excellent food.  The banana foster with peanut butter flavored ice cream was delicious as were the chorizo's .  The food portions were also very good.  When you finished eating you were full but not stuffed.
Another annoying Scottsdale establishment.   I gave it 2 stars because the food was tasty, not great--but good.  The service on the other hand was horrible at best. The restaurant was freezing!! We requested they shut the back door to prevent the draft of cold air pouring in and was ignored. It was lunch time on a Monday and we were only the 2nd table to be seated, I wasn't sure why our request went ignored.   Shortly after taking our drink order our server vanished for almost 15 minutes. After which did not bring any of us water. We then placed our 2nd, 3rd and 4th request for water and finally receiving it the same time as our entrees. Would you like extra salsa? Too bad, the waitress never was to be seen again till my friend got up and approached the bar to have her soda refilled. It took her this long to realized we were annoyed. The food could have been the most amazing thing ever, but due to the lack of service I will NEVER go back.
style:substance ratio here is not what I prefer.  food is pretty average and overpriced - they try hard on the presentation, but it just doesn't have a ton of flavor.  guac was thoroughly mediocre, as were white bean puree.  skirt steak tacos were bad - meat just tough and flavorless.  the space is really great, but there is so much great mexican in phoenix it is hard to justify coming just for the vibe, and it feels like it shouldn't be hard for management to improve the food.
We went to The Mission on New Year's Eve in advance of a wedding and had a great time.  It's in Old Town Scottsdale in an older building that they have updated.  Has a great feel inside and a nice patio in the front.  I'm not reviewing that though.  Almost every dish we had was fantastic.  We decided to share a bunch of appetizers and entrees among us and the standouts were the Grits (yes, the grits) and the Corn as appetizers.  For entrees, the Chicken was delicious as were all of the tacos.    The service was very friendly and efficient too.  Highly recommend this place.
My friend and I only ordered drinks and the chips and guacamole. I didn't think the chips or guacamole were that good, and for $12 I was expecting them to be amazing. My margaretta was awesome though so I would definitely order that again.  I absolutely loved the ambiance in this restaurant which is the main reason I want to go back (kind of pathetic, I know). It seems like it would be a really nice restaurant to go on a date. It was crowded at 7:30 on a Tuesday night, so they must be doing something right!
Holy crap the food is amazing. My favorite is the tecate braised tacos.  I went there for my birthday (we had a party of 9) and got great service and free tequila shots.  The other night I went in though, it wasn't very busy but the service was pretty slow.  Our waiter was still awesome though.
I went to The Mission for lunch with my bosses and it was great! I've been wanting to go for some time now and I really want to check out their brunch on Sundays which I heard was amazing.  The ambiance is really laid back and mellow but in a cool, retro hip way. We sat at the bar for lunch and everything was great. I had the skirt steak tacos which were absolutely delicious - I was so full but I wanted more! We also got the basket of french fries...a combination of traditional fries and sweet potato fries. OMG. so good.  You should definitely go check it out if you haven't already - the food and drinks are great!
I recently went with 3 other friends... it was the weekend and wait was an hour, which i can deal with since they have pretty good drinks.  the place is really cool inside and i like the salt wall.    My enthusiasm for the Mission wanes when I think about the menu.  While everything that I had was cooked very good, I felt the menu selection was limited and overpriced for what you got.  I would go back, but only for drinking.
This is a pretty decent little spot. Intimate, great interior decor and a patio for those not-too-hot happy hours we can enjoy before June. Kinda pricey if you're gonna be drinking but a good selection of alcohol and food is tasty. Yes, Malibu Rum is included in their drink selection :)   I happened to meet friends here during National Margarita Day and the bar staff brought plenty of samples over for us to try including some top-shelf brands. I was pretty impressed with that :)
Phenomenal Latin American fusion, almejas al vapor are a must, and the table side guacamole is some of the best I've had...
At least I finally went and have a review written before it hits 100.  Some things just take time.    That said, we attended the Pig Roast on a Sunday Afternoon.  The pork was really tender.  The little tortillas we so cute!  Loved all the little itty bitty condiments to daintily spoon on your mini tacos.  It was fun to do as something different and out of the ordinary.  As a huge bonus, wine by the bottle was  1/2 price!!  Who~Hoo!!  Loved the sexy & romantic décor.  Nice and cozy, just right (as Goldilocks said).  Their brunch menu looks cool, but I am not big into breakfast.  The regular menu prices did seem fairly high, so I am not sure I would come back for Din~Dins, but I would love to re-visit, and sit at the intimate bar for a Sunday where there is drink specials and of course to take advantage of their fabby wine prices.
Always a good choice. I have never had a bad meal here & the owners and staff are all very friendly I love the dessert - peanut butter, bananas, chocolate churros. Yummy goodness!
I LOVE this place!  I used to come here at least 2x a week, now that I live further away I'm not there as often as I like, but whenever I get the chance I'm here!   This place is impeccable!  The ambiance is gorgeous!  The food is delectable, and the staff is superb!  Brian (the owner?)  always comes by the tables to make sure everyone is enjoying themselves.  Mike (the bartender) always remembers what I order, even when it's been quite a while!  I really just can't rave enough about this place!  Every time I have a special event (or just want some good food or drinks!) This is where I'll be!
went for lunch today with my girlfriend.  i had the chicken tacos and she had the mahi tacos.  you get three little tacos per order.  we switched one for one.  the chicken was freakin great.  i had a small chicken bone and some cartilidge in mine and i still loved it.  seasoned well and dressed well with an adobo sauce, maybe.  it had some green cabbage, some sliced fresno peppers and what i think was manchego.    i loved it.  the girl had fried mahi tacos  (they offered the option of grilled rather than fried).  it was good, had some remoulade and the same cabbage and fresnos on it.  it was all good.  the service, the food, the atmosphere, and the whole package.  go here, eat here.  be happy.  quality over quantity. always.  well done mission staff, well done
I was looking forward to visiting the Mission for a long time.  Finally, I made it last Friday just in time for happy hour. The patio was crowded but not quite full.  The hostess was reluctant to sit us on the patio, perhaps because we mentioned we may not be ordering dinner. That is fair, I can understand keeping the premium sitting open for larger parties or people certain to order entrees. So we took at seat at the bar. The place looked really nice and I was impressed by the selection of premium booze behind the bar.  Unfortunately we never got a chance to experience The Mission. After sitting at the bar for somewhere between 5 and 10 Mins we were yet to be acknowledged.  All the while staff is busy swirling around us. So when we decided that the Mission did not want our patronage, we got up and left after never being spoken too.  Then the hostess who sat us at the bar just 10 mins prior gave us a big smile as we left and said, "Come back again".  Not likely friend. I guess my money is not good enough for The Misson. I give it two stars simply because everyone else's plate looked good.
My wife and I went to the Mission to celebrate our first anniversary over brunch. We weren't disappointed. The food was great!   I had the Chilaquiles (corn tortillas, pork, egg, cojita) and have never quite tasted anything like it. A combination of flavors with a little bit of spice. The plate had a very nice portion as well. Good value for $9.  My wife had the corn pancakes with crab and loved the meal.  I made an executive decision to also order the homemade granola, yougurt and tropical fruit. This dish was superb. I was a bit disappointed that the menu listed the fruit options as pineapple, mango and papaya and when the plate arrived there were blueberries instead of the papaya. Mix in the fruit, yogurt and granola and we had a nice complement to our main meal.  The service was good. We had to wait awhile for our food. A table next to us ordered well after me, and ended up getting their food at least 10 minutes before. That was upsetting, because we were both very hungry! At least the waitress came over and said the food was on its way and thanked us for our patience.  The inside is very nice and has a cool decor.   There is a small patio outside and a full bar inside.  4.5 stars
I'm def. a fan of this place. The food is awesome and the staff is super friendly.  Even the bussers will chat with you and smile.   The atmostphere is awesome as well. With dark wood and low lighting, you do feel like you're in an old mission.  Great find in Scottsdale!
I invited a group here to thank them for being such great clients. We had a really lovely lunch. It was a beautiful day and we sat on the back patio. Good atmosphere, inside and out. We started with the tableside guacamole, which was excellent. It had a little bite, just enough. I had the mahi mahi tacos and one of my guests did too, we both loved them. Two of the other guys had the chicken arepas with white and sweet potato fries that I had to sample. Service was very good. I would definitely recommend it and I will be back for dinner soon.
Love, love, love.  Recently stumbled into this place after a day walking around the farmers market and downtown Scottsdale.  The atmosphere is amazing, kindof an industrial/old world Spanish feel (think Santa Fe Loft).  And they have a great serving staff--speedy, friendly and knowledgeably.  When I first sat down, I was a little put off by the prices.  I had brought my whole family along and didn't intended on quite the spendy dinner.  However, all the selections looked and tasted so wonderful!  By the end of the night I had ordered dinner entrees, drinks AND dessert.  The kids still won't stop talking about their fried bananas :)  I definitely plan to revisit, when I have more time and cash to enjoy fully.
On our first night in Scottsdale, we asked the concierge for something new in town. The Mission in Old Town Scottsdale, was a hit. The physical plant was adobe style. Inside had soft lighting, contemporary upbeat music and a great spanish feel complete with lots of candles, metal forgings and the liike. The drinks were great and the food was outstanding. We started with skewered chicken and beef satay and they were savory, tender and perfect to the taste.. The Duck Carnitas Empanada ($12) was also a great way to start. Whether you do tapas or a full meal, there is plenty to choose from. Some of my favorites were the Malbec Braised Short Ribs ($19) and Scallops ($28). Best side was Creamy Grits $(8) with butter, honey and chipotle.  Dont forget dessert and the tequila bar!
Scale of 1-10 (single visit): 6 Food 5 Service 8 Atmosphere 6 Value  Major let down.  I walk in and see a cozy patio and nice interior atmosphere, but the fun ends there.  They didn't have enough lunch menus for our table.  It was 1:30.  What the hell did they do at 12:30?  Our server Ryan's timing was random, unstructured, and slow - and I had to ask twice for my drink.  From a place charging less than $11-$15 per cocktail, I could forgive this, but once we hit double digits on a small tumbler of booze, I require sharp service.  This wasn't even average.  For prices like this, service is a must.  Then came the big failure:  They cleared 5 people's plates, and left 1 because she was still eating.  If I ran a restaurant I would fire any server that I ever caught doing this, because I would have trained them properly.  You clear only after EVERYONE is done!  In hindsight I over-tipped.  And finally the food was bland.  Except for the guacamole, which was great and might be the only thing I could cling to if challenged as to why they got 2 stars instead of 1.
Good place for drinks and a few bites, but not recommended for dinner.  Loved the smokehouse margarita - very smoky and spicy, not for those looking for a typical margarita.  The avocado margarita was also great - cooling and refreshing.  Food is where things fell apart.  The menu looks amazing - we had a hard time picking what we wanted to order because the combinations all sounded so interesting.  So we enlisted the help of our server who was extremely passionate about the duck empanada and malbec braised short ribs which were in our consideration set.  The duck lacked any real flavor or richness - neither the foir gras nor the habanero came through.  But the short ribs were honestly a disaster.  The meat was incredibly dry - we couldn't even imagine how something braised could be so dry, unless they make it once or twice a week and then reheat in the microwave.  We barely ate half, and I typically will finish anything.  Guac was fine, nothing special.  Definitely not worth $12 in terms of either quality or quantity.  Ambiance was nice, but not enough to balance out mediocre (at best) food.  Unfortunate - I was looking forward to this meal.
OK so I was in AZ for work and my friend from AZ took me here....I give The Mission 4 stars as it relates to the drinks and appetizers. We had the sangria which was super refreshing, the patio was awesome (minus the bugs) and the music was FANTASTIC! The guacamole was AWESOME, the server was a kick in the pants when he was making it at the table (love that kind of guac) and the almejas were SUUUUUUUPER delicious, they weren't kidding when they said to soak up the juice yummmmmmmm!! We also had the swordfish i think it was, but there you go, underwhelmed on the main course situation. I would say, if they had a happy hour other than Sundays it would get loads more visits! But in the meantime its got a good vibe and excellent after work hang out, just invest in the appetizers and drinks!
My picks:  Don Julio  Spicy Pozole (red chile, smoked pork, hominy, avocado & lime) Espresso Churros Pumpkin Bread Pudding  I love this place.  Its beautiful inside but southwest comfortable.  The food is simply amazing.  I love the décor and the salt wall.  Plus bonus points for having Don Julio Blanco, Resposado, Anejo & 1942!
After my first experience with The Mission, I didn't expect there to be a second, at least with my husband anyway.  But after sampling the stew at  Yelp in Bloom, he was open to giving it another shot.  And this time, it did not disappoint either of us.  I have to give 5 stars for the Primarita.  I was hesitant given it has something like half the calories of a standard margarita.  Half the calories and twice as good!  A couple of these and I can almost forgive the price of the guacamole.  After Yelp in Bloom, we had to order the Almejas Al Vapor, that delightfully spicy peruvian stew.  Definitely enough for two and served with plenty of bread to soak up all that broth.  That tends to help keep patrons from drinking from their bowl I'm sure.  We also tried the tostadas prepared with chicken thigh and black beans.  Delicious, but maybe piled just a little too high.  More stuff ended up on my plate than in my mouth with every bite.  Maybe they should line the plate with a tortilla so I could just roll up all the stragglers at the end.  Less forks to wash that way, too.  The grilled street corn was right up there on the good scale with everything else, as well.  Only knocking a star off because everything really is priced just a bit too high IMO.  But this time, I'm sure we'll be back!
LOVED LOVED LOVED IT! Came on Saturday night for my cousin's bachelorette weekend celebration. We were in a group of 9, and all of us loved our meal choices! Definitely worth the price! I had the tostadas, delicious, and a few of us had the short ribs...AMAZING! The restaurant on the indside is really beautiful and great ambiance! I had asked for them to have balloons and flowers on the table when we arrived and it was really pretty, they did a great job!! Our server was sooo sweet!!  We had a great time! Highly recommended!
I would rate them 4 stars except the portions are small and the drinks are over priced. The beef rib entree was one (yes) one beef rib and dry for $24 and no sides. I am a big fan of tapas, but tapas are $8 not $12. No happy hour is a deterent as there is no house wine and the wines by the glass start at $9 for anything drinkable. Great pork belly and 7 spice soup, but I have to say no to a $12 Arepa (Argentine cornmeal sandwich) it's a sandwich. Sexy Atmosphere Yes! But there are too many closed restaurants in Scottsdale to rely on atmosphere and high prices.
very solid. great cocktails, especially if you like tequila (i do). tasty nuevo latino treats. duck empenadas (if i remember right) were ridiculously good. casual but upscale, with attentive bar service. fun.
Overall, this place was top-notch.  Service was phenomenal.  Our server took really good care of us, very knowledgeable of the menu with some great recommendations.  Ambient was filled with energy flowing, fun, laid back with a modern southwestern, chic feel.  Commenced with some refreshing, "healthy" cocktail - Bloody Orange Margarita, made fresh using real fruit with no sugar.  So good I ordered another.  Most of the drinks looked really good.  For the apps or botanas (as they call it), we had Duck Carnitas Empanadas, Pork Belly Pibil,and Almejas Al Vapor.  We ordered 2 of each as we wanted to share among the group.  I would have to say I enjoyed every single one of them.  NOW, the foie gras that came with the Empanadas, I thought was a little overdone so therefore dry.  Foie gras usually is softer and juicier with balanced flavor.  For the main entree, we had this tender Pork Shoulder that came with Tortilla complemented with a nice sweet, tangy sauce to drizzle over. Oh wow, just amazing.  The meat was soo tender that you just peeled it right off.   Desert - Pumpkin Bread Pudding, pretty good.  A little too sweet, but good.  I would definitely return for some more deliciousness!
This is not a quick read, but fun- Memorial Day Weekend was spent in the Scottsdale area this year. The girls and I got to AZ and instantly needed Mexican Food. They being from Los Angeles and me from San Francisco. We met some friends at the pool and one of them recommended The Mission, as his good friend Brian owned the place, of course we went. Upon entering the Goth meets Catholic Church (in a GOOD WAY), adorned place we were seated immediately and greeted by what must be the BEST staff in Scottsdale. Noah the BRAVE and Brilliant was our server-one word-AWESOME! We were asked if we wanted drinks and while hemming and hawing about it, Noah recommended the Sangria. I ordered the White, because I KNOW about White Sangria, and two others in our party of 4 ordered the red. Soon they were sipping off OUR White Sangria and asking for replacements. It's not AT ALL that the red is not tasty, its that the White, is INDESCRIBABLE. wait...I'm yelping, I HAVE to describe it. It's like a Mango-Citrus Adult Starburst Candy!  Next came the ordering...I have NO idea what the other two ordered but we got the Pork Shoulder Tacos for two. OH MY GOD! SO good. The meat is perfectly tender and the corn tortillas are served on what I believe to be a heated stone. We had the Corn Tortillas, home made and RIDICULOUSLY good. Noah then brought us a side of the Black Bean Puree with sofrito + smoked ham hocks, AND the White Bean Puree with cotija + cumin + arugula + tomato. Both are delicious and hearty enough that you could get one of each and share. We were so impressed with our meal that night that we returned the next night, with our Scottsdale Pals-Palmer, Mister (aka Turbo/Sprinkler), and Ben. We were greeted by the friendly, down to earth and very HIP Brian Raab-owner. They were packed to the gills on a Saturday night Holiday Weekend but the bar had this GREAT Gothic Marble (?) family style table and we were seated there to wait for our "real" table. We never moved! BEST seat in the house for party's of 6 or more. "Mission B.R" (we give EVERYONE nicknames in Scottsdale)-the owner of this TRUE Gem of Scottsdale-, started to answer our questions about the menu, and then just said, "you know what guys, if there are no food allergies, let me just bring you some stuff". OKAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY...yes we did..... Out First: Just a FEW of the dishes brought to us, NOT kidding! -Lettuce Wraps (don't know if these are on the menu but they should be! A hint of what I think might have been Peanut Sauce is gorgeously delicious) -Mission Fries-SO fun and different. -Duck Carnitas Empanada-Topped with Foie Gras. THIS was by far my favourite starter. It was like Puff Pastry Perogies with Gravy and Rich decadent Foie Gras to top it off. Mini Tostadas-Precious tasty tapas. Shrimp Anticuchos-With a sauce to die for. Pork Confit -which was sincerely the most amazing texture and taste. This was almost reminiscent of baby back ribs with "CRISP' to them-NO bones in this Confit, which according to MIssion B.R. is cooked all day in oil. Yesssssssssss.  ALL starter portions are HUGE-by San Francisco standards- and to be honest I was full after just the starters.  Main Courses: Just a few of them. -Malbec Braised Short Ribs-Decadent Pork FEAST with a Malbec sauce that I had to ask for the recipe. I was not given it ;)  -Pork Shoulder- SO supple and luscious, yeah I said it- I think this MIGHT be The Mission's Signature Dish. Pork FEAST! Porkalicious! -Chilean Salmon-This dish was smokey and mild and sat atop a. sweet/savory bean puree and light cream sauce. Buttery texture with perfectly carmalized edges. For fish lovers this dish is a must. -Uruguayan Filet-I don't think anyone got any of this because Turbo and I ate the WHOLE thing. One of the most inventive and original tasting Filet Mignon dishes I have ever had. VERY impressive. Desserts- I actually didn't taste any of these as I am allergic to sugar-SUX! However, if there were a sound feature on Yelp our table would have sounded like a porn movie. -Espresso Churros-Sounded like-ummm, ohhhhh, JESUS, oh Christmas Baby Jesus these are good. -Fried Bananas-Sounded like-moan, smack, slurp.... -A Brownie, Ice Cream, Chocolate Wet Dream thing.-Sounded like- HOLY GOD ALMIGHTY, oh oh oh oh oh oh HOOHHOHOHOHOHO GOD-DON'T STOP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! So, in conclusion, if you happen to be in the Scottsdale area, EVER, The Mission is a must. They even have Fernet! Thanks Brian for a night to remember. AND Arizona men are the BEST. LOVE YOU PALMER, MISTER and BEN!!!!
Homemade frozen margs from sorbet and fantastic food should be top on your list for Old Town Scottsdale.   Meeting a lunch date I arrived early and enjoyed a Cabernet and raspberry frozen margarita. I was unsure about that but after a sample was offered, I was sold. Outstanding! There's a small patio in front but I'll pass in the heat and enjoy the great indoors. Spicy Spanish music filled the air and we ordered.  Start with the fresh guacamole made table side to taste. I love it that way. The salsa was delicious as well. Requesting input from our very knowledgeable waiter, I went with his suggestion of a spicy brisket sandwich but warned it comes with slaw on top. I'm not afraid. Bring it on. Across the table a Chipotle Caesar was greatly enjoyed.   While I was only there for lunch, I'll be sure to visit again for dinner. I have a feeling the nightlife at the bar is amazing.
Holy Shit. If 'the mission' of The Mission is to serve the best brunch in town...then...Mission easily accomplished. We went here for the weekend brunch the other day and our socks were completely knocked off by how amazing it was.   To start...it's just such a quaint and unique restaurant. The salt bricks...the old chandeliers...the antique furniture...it all makes you feel like you've stept into some fine dining establishment in a South American town.  Food was AMAZING. To start the chips were fresh and crispy and the salsa tasted almost like it had just been made minutes ago. We then ordered a Black Bean Arepa with fries and a Cinnamon Almond Waffle. The BBA was delectable...two freshly made thick corn tortillas with egg, cheese, black beans, and peppers...it really hit the spot. The fries were a mix of regular and sweet potato, and honestly are some of the best fries I've had in recent memory. Thin, crunchy and fresh tasting. The waffle was also sent from heaven...drizzled with candied almonds, cinnamon, cream, and topped with cinnamon ice cream. It was basically a wedding of breakfast and dessert in all the right ways. Top top it all off...this all came out to a mere 19 bucks. Unbelievable. Incredible value for your money when you're eating at a nice place like this. You could easily go spend the same amount of money at Denny's for God's sake.   It wasn't very busy when we were there and I'm not sure why. I'm guessing this place is more hoppin' around dinner time, and I can't wait to try their dinner menu. You've been warned though...you're missing out big time if you don't try brunch here. If they stop serving it due to a lack of demand, I might just explode like the dude at the end of Big Trouble in Little China.   GO HERE. 5/5.
Tried this Latin American spot with out-of-town guests for the first time this weekend and I definitely plan to return. The Mission would be a great place for date night; it's upscale without being pretentious, and the low-lighting, candles, and chandeliers provide a nice, sexy atmosphere.   We started with the tableside guacamole, which was incredible! Flavorful and creamy, with a great smoky heat from the chipotle. Hands down beats all the other guacamole I've had in town - including Barrio Cafe's - and I'm quite the guac snob because I make a mean version of it myself. The drinks were great too, we just had a couple rounds of house margaritas which were refreshing and on the strong side, but I'm looking forward to trying other margaritas from their extensive drink menu upon my return.   The staff was friendly, prompt, attractive, unobtrusive - pretty much everything I look for in servers. Service was a tad on the slow side, but that didn't bother me because I was enjoying the food and company and it was a Friday night after all.   I had the fish tacos which were crunchy and inventive, and also a relatively normal-sized portion. I know I'm in the minority in our indulgent society, but I appreciate it when a plate of food arrives that doesn't overwhelm/disgust me with its sheer magnitude. One of my dinner companions had a pork dish and said it was the best cooked pork he'd had in a long time so I'm sure you can't go wrong with their pork dishes, either.   I definitely recommend The Mission. It's not your traditional Mexican fare, but it's a great Latin American alternative when you're looking for something beyond your typical burrito, in a cozy, intimate environment.
This place really has a great Scottsdale/Southwest/Sexy vibe.  Walking in I am always impressed by the sexy southwestern decor.  Kinda dark with mirrors, candles and a glowing salt block wall that separates the kitchen from the dining area.  These guys have a great tequila and margarita selection.  It would be a mistake to head straight to the dining area without stopping in the bar first for a drink.  I've been here on Sundays for the "Pig Out" all you can eat pork event which is great.  This recent visit they were offering a five course fixed menu with wine pairings for $65/person.  I love these type events because the chef can experiment with new recipes and as a guest I get to try many new flavors and wines.  This meal progressed from scallops to roasted guinea hen to halibut to Berkshire pork to chocolate cake.  My favorite was the pork and least favorite course was the chocolate cake with the lime sorbet.  The wines were mostly from Spain with a Malbec and Champagne added to round out the pairings.  Get on their email list for upcoming events or just stop in for a meal.  This place is consistently good.
Where do I begin?  Way too many to list so I'll do a checklist. Decor? Very well done and tasteful. Service? It rocks.  Attentive, knowledgeable and friendly. Food? Tasteful, creative, yummy! Worst thing which was still acceptable was the parking.  I cannot explain to you how much I love this place and everything about it.  Read my reviews of my other favorite restaurants The Tuck Shop and NOCA and add this in the top 3.    I digress.  The guacamole made at your table kicks fucking ass!  Absurd how flavorful and you pick your own ingredients to make it how you want it.    I also like the fact that the patrons are in more than Tommy Bahama and khaki shorts.  Thank you Jesus for people giving consideration to not wearing the same attire they left the baseball game in.  If you are a foodie or restaurant afficiando, this is your new place.  Oh and by the way, no out of place looking people.  Call me superficial but this place feels right, is right and is the CHIZNIT!    peace out....
Love, love, love this place. The food is excellent - especially the pork shoulder dishes. The services is quick and friendly. And the owner who we met at my birthday was a delight. I highly recommend this "hidden" gem.
I love this place!  Love, love, love...
We LUUUUV this restaurant. Where do I start......fresh fruit margaritas and I am not taking about boring Strawberry Margs. We had Watermelon, Basil and Lime Marg and also tried the Spicy Banana Blueberry Marg! WOW!!!   Everyone in the Restaurant was ordering the Guacamole, made fresh at your table ( my husband is not an avocado fan, so I just watched everyone else enjoy with envy )   We ordered the Pork Shoulder Tacos, Crispy Pork Belly Appetizer, and could not resist ordering two desserts. The Pumpkin Bread Pudding and the Chocolate Churros with a Espresso Milkshake! Our next plan is to join them for Sunday Brunch!   I was told my the waitress that they also own the Zinc Bistro in Keirland so I cant wait to try Zinc out too!
The more I think about it, the more enthusiastic I become about The Mission. We had lunch there yesterday since I wanted to try someplace new and I'd read good reviews. It's "new Latin" cuisine, brought to you by the people behind the successful Zinc Bistro, Matt Carter and Terri Ellisor.       The setting is lovely. It's housed in one of the outbuildings of the blindingly white old Mission Church in Old Town Scottsdale. You walk through an attractive fireplace'd patio and into the aroma of fire- grilled meats and romantic darkness (even at lunch). Unfortunately, you're assaulted by the background music which was very loud and distracting.  There's an interesting back-lit wall of orange and beige Himalayan salt blocks (actually I thought they were fake bricks until I read differently - gauche me). Lots of fancy chandeliers hang from the black ceiling, casting only a little light on the faux finished ochre walls and the somewhat crowded dark topped tables. Our server, Derek, added to the ambience - he was attractove, attentive and knowledgeable about the menu. Many of our south-of-the-border neighbors are represented on it: Mexico of course, Ecuador, Peru, Columbia, Venezuela, Uruguay, Cuba,and probably some I've missed.        I ordered a Cubano torta, one of my favorite grilled sandwiches with pork belly, smoked ham, swiss cheese, pickle, dijon and yucca ($12). The pork belly was meltingly tender.  Surprisingly, the torta did not come with a side, which struck me as pretty chintzy for the $12 price, but that was okay because I had to try the Creamy Grits ($8). Ken chose the Pabellon Arepas ($12). An arepa is a cross between a pancake and an english muffin. It's made out of a special pre-cooked corn meal, water and a little salt. First it's fried on a griddle, then it can be baked in the oven for a while where it rises a little and becomes less dense. It's then split, sometimes some of the interior is scooped out, and then it's filled with whatever delicacy strikes your fancy. In this case the arepa contained braised beef, peppers, black beans, cotija cheese, and fried plantains. So good. I spent an hour today googling arepas recipes and plan to go in search of the special corn meal tomorrow. The only disappointing (actually downright bad) thing on Ken's plate were the french fries, a mixture of white and sweet potatoes. They were supposed to have been sprinkled with lime and cumin, but they weren't, and also they were sadly limp. But OMG, the grits!!!! These were made with the addition of chipotle powder, butter, honey, and cotija cheese. They were on the spicy side, but the heat was moderated by the honey. The color was kind of a cross between pink and salmon (at least that's how it looked in the dim light), which made it even more interesting to eat. $8 for a good sized bowl which I proceeded to eat pretty much by myself as the grits were too spicy for everybody else (this was fortunate, because I really don't know if I would have been able to bring myself to share).       Our friend Ernest had a Skewered Grill Prawn Salad ($14), with arugula, yuzu vinaigrette, avocado, potato and orange sections. He said the prawns were nicely cooked but were somewhat too spicy for his taste. Anna ordered a chicken arepa ($12) with chorizo, corn, aji amarillo (the menu doesn't tell you, but this is a hot yellow chili pepper from South America - be warned), and Oaxaca cheese. While she didn't complain, I have the feeling she would have been happier without the pepper. The food here really isn't for the faint of heart (or heat). I don't know if the kitchen would be able or willing to tone it down for you, but it's worth asking.          But the desserts won everybody over. We tried the Pumpkin Bread Pudding ($6), which is composed of pumpkin bread, creme brulee, a butterscotch sauce loaded with Scotch, pepitas, and topped with Berto's cinnamon gelato. To die for, not to mention get drunk on. The Fried Bananas ($7) were terrific, too, served with butter, nutmeg, peanuts, and a dollop of peanut butter mousse.       Go on line to see the dinner menu. It's expensive, most of the entrees are in the $20+ range, but they sound fabulous. The Mission is, for me, one of the most exciting restaurants I've been to in a long time, and I'm grateful for it. But especially for the grits!
I love a place that has excellent food, impeccable service and is in no way snooty. In Scottsdale I normally have my guard up at upscale restaurants, but this place totally put me at ease.   I made reservations, which I would highly recommend since the dining area is surprisingly small. The decor is nice, a little on the dark side, but they have this cool wall around the kitchen of back-lit glass that provides just enough light.   The cocktail list looked good, but opted for the red sangria, which was pretty good.   For appetizers, we had the crispy cola pork belly. If you get nothing else, get this! The texture and flavors were amazing. We also had the duck empanada which was flaky and good, but the pork belly won hands down in the appetizer round.   The Chorizo Porchetta was really flavorful and the meat was so tender you could eat it with a spoon. The white bean puree was our favorite side. We also got the creamy grits, there was just something off about these I couldn't put my finger on. The were slightly sour and only a little spicy. I kept eating them thinking they would get better, nope.   The other thing we had were the scallops. The sauce was excellent and the scallops were cooked perfectly. The serrano ham on the scallops was a bit too crispy, and crumbled like bacon when I tried to cut it, I was trying to get a bit in every bite.  For dessert, the churros and milkshake finished things off well. Not too much, just right.
I crave the Mission daily! I have been quite a regular of this unique Latin American restaurant and cannot wait to go back and experience more dishes. I enjoy starting with the Cheese Plate. Let me tell you, this is no ordinary cheese plate. The dish is a mixture of Yucca bread, Peruvian aji, apples with warm honey, and more. Extremely tasty. I enjoyed the Almejas al Vapor (Peruvian seafood stew), skirt steak tacos, and now my new favorite pollo a la brasa. The chicken is marinated in red aji rocotto (spicy) and served on top of a mixture of french fries and sweet potato fries.   The entire staff here is always knowledgeable and will make the best recommendation. Thank you Brian, one of the owners, for always making myself and my guests feel welcome.
Father Escalante meet Soho.  Not since Desperado has Old Mexico looked this cool.  With the exception of the out of place house music, the fusion was executed to perfection.  I echo the sentiments of many on Yelp regarding the service.  Our waiter was knowledgeable, helpful, and passionate about the menu.  The menu?  Every dish on the menu stood out, making selection a difficult task indeed. We ordered some tacos. While they were on the light side, in terms of portion, every bite was was brimming with flavor.  The Kobe dog was underwhelming.  It is difficult to make a $12 hot dog taste that much better than its $2 street equivalent.   We were just there for a quick lunch but rest assured we will be devoting more time to thoroughly explore the menu and to indulge in that pumpkin bread pudding.
Oh, the decor. This place is worth a visit just to see what can be done architecturally with salt blocks. Apparently they use them for cooking and serving as well. I know because, as I was trying to coax my husband into the ladies' room to look at how they finished the walls (really), we were intercepted by Brian (one of the owners I think) who filled us in on the design features.  He even checked the men's room for occupants before ushering me in to see the paint job in there.   Our waiter was totally helpful when we asked about the beef anticuchos appetizer in our best canadian-billy  accents. This is an excellent appi. I totally recommend. Back to the waiter, he didn't even laugh when my husband wanted the Mahi Mahi tacos but ordered the "Ahi-Ahi tackos "(rhymes with rack-o. I know it's not a word.) Excellent also -- with sweet pickled peppers sliced on top. Not your average fish taco. We ate four of these lovely things between the two of us. They're really good but really small, so don't share a plate. See, that's we do, we're usually overwhelmed by the portion size at most restaurants and have learned to just order an appetizer and share a meal. Then we're usually sated. If not, it's time for dessert.   For dessert, I had a coconut margarita. With pineapple juice and bits of toasted coconut, it was very tasty and still had a smooth tequila flavor (which I relish).   The only thing keeping this from a five star-rating was the small portion size. We were almost home when my dude took a left instead of a right and pulled into the McDonald's drive-through. He then ordered a Big Mac and a Double Double (whatever that means) with fries. I was flummoxed and kind of scolded him with - why didn't you just order some more good food at The Mission rather than eating this garbage?.  Then I held the warm bag and smelled the fries. I ate all of them before we pulled into our diveway. So, I guess I was still hungry too but dazzled with the design and on my best behavior after getting busted for trying to sneak my guy into the girl's room.  It was a great dining experience - I highly recommend it. Just don't share.
I'll admit.... after reading so many "stellar" Yelp reviews, we were swayed to dine here.  We dined on a weekday evening  -- so we didn't get to experience the "best brunch in town" per Krashawnda N. Dang it! Now we're gonna have to go here again, after re-reading her review. :)  Hubby and I ordered:  Mahi Mahi tacos  $14 Chicken tacos   $12 Mission fries  $6 Mission Margarita  $7   Food was good... I wouldn't say "AMAZING"... but maybe I had the wrong expectations. First of all the tacos were shockingly smaller than expected. Three tacos per plate, and per another reviewer they truly were about 2" across. However, they did taste divine.... (at least mine did, the chicken tacos). And honestly, now that I'm finished... any more and I would have been uncomfortably full.   But the Mahi Mahi tacos were actually battered... we were not expecting that. And the batter was a medium coat - not thin or thick. Still edible.   My margarita was definitely tasty!  I really enjoyed the ambiance.... it was definitely an upscale "Latin American" restaurant. Beautiful dark chandeliers, gorgeous illuminated salt block wall, dark hardwood floors...   No complaints about the service. We were greeted right away and also immediately had water served to us, when we were sat. And likewise the server was appropriately attentive.   All in all, we spent about $50 for some smaller-portioned plates -- which was more than we typically spend for dinner lately. But we had a good time.... I think it you're looking for more of a "value", this place might be better on the weekends for the brunch.
We were in search of a unique AZ-esque restaurant to take some clients to for dinner. Someone recommended we try The Mission for it's delicious food and amazing atmosphere, and we were certainly steered in the right direction.   The Mission, aptly named to coincide with it's old Spanish mission style decor is a beautiful restaurant tucked away in Old Town Scottsdale. This "hidden" gem was packed with dinner-goers on a Tuesday night. The chandeliers speckled about the ceiling were enough to make me want to move in, but it was the table-side guacamole that sealed the deal. One guest in our group said that he had always hated guacamole and that this appetizer changed his life. Listen to him. Try it. You'll never want it anywhere else again.   Often when you start on such a high note, there is bound to be disappointment later on. Not the case at the Mission. We ordered an array of appetizers to start, and the street corn was literally one of the best dishes I've ever had. Served on a stick...just like you would find at your favorite street vendor, the corn was the highlight of the dinner for me.   Following our appetizers came halibut, skirt steak tacos, salads and more. Everyone RAVED about their entrees and the only letdown was that we didn't have enough room for the churros at the end of the night.   The Mission has become one of my favorite restaurants in Phx. If you are celebrating something special give them a call and the friendly hostesses will set you up at a prime table and ensure you have dessert...with sparklers!   I'll be celebrating here for years to come.
Finally with help of Kevin V. I made my way to The Mission.  OMG I have been missing out.  I had first tried a tasting of a soup at the Yelp event at Botanical gardens and have wanted to go ever since.  So I had a half day at work today and decided it was the perfect day to go in for a few beers and a bite.    We started off with the grilled corn which was amazing and  full of flavor, then we had the chips and salsa which were great as well.  On to the main course I had the Almejas Al Vapor which is to DIE FOR.  Seriously one of the best soups I have had EVER.    I saw many items on the menu I totally have to come back for especially the duck empenada and the pig roast on Sundays.    Thank you Mission for making me a future repeat customer.
Must have the Crispy Pork appetizer. I have dreams about it!
The Mission: It's not Mexican, its Latin, related to be sure but also entirely different.  The Mission is located in Old Town Scottsdale, and is situated between the old Spanish style church and the black smith shop for you old school Scottsdale folk. If you're looking for a great place to take out of towners for some refined Latin style cooking, and a taste of Old Town Scottsdale this restaurant really can't be beat.  It's one of the few places that still do fresh Guacamole tableside that you can have mild, spicy or hot. I recommend the hot, as it's how I prepare my Guac at home. Mike the bartender is quickly gaining a following as a specialist in "spicy" margaritas, but make no mistake Mike is a true mixologist and takes his craft very seriously. Mike will usually have two frozen margaritas on tap at any given time and one version will usually be spicy. I've had the habanero, pear & ginger (yes that's right), watermelon and the spicy mango. All are awesome. Ask for a sample. Mike also has other cocktails and non frozen margs always on hand.  The chips and salsa are done in house the salsa is great and has a wonderful smokiness to it. If you want some additional dimension to your chips and salsa ask for the additional salsas that usually have on hand for the asking. It's worth asking for it as they are wonderfully prepared and add another flavor depth to your culinary experience.  However you will need ask specially for the ghost chilies salsa, and its hot, hot stuff comprade so please be careful. In India they use ghost chilies to keep elephants away if you catch my drift.   I really love the Sunday afternoon pork taco all you can eat special. They roast a couple of pigs on property and serve until the pig is gone. The pork shoulder and the carnitas will rock your world with fresh made little corn tortillas. Its "Delicioso" as Jimmy Dean would say. You can also order the pork as entrees if you're not there Sunday or just want an entrée; however the pork shoulder can't be beat as it explodes off the bone.   I had the Almegas Al Vapor which is Peruvian seafood soup. This blew me away and wonderfully balanced with a light creamy broth and very unique flavors. The soup is not over powered by the seafood and the whole bowl is nicely done and makes for a great tasting dish just to expand your culinary diversity. The other side order I have to recommend is the street corn. The corn is sweet, wonderfully spiced and makes for a wonderful addition to any meal.  While I haven't had them I hear the sweet potato fries are pretty stellar as well.  Two desserts that can't be missed are the pumpkin bread pudding and the espresso churros. The pumpkin bread pudding is made from scratch down to the caramel sauce. It's great even if you don't like bread pudding, try it. The other desert I really liked is the espresso churros with little chocolate milkshakes. It's a great dish for out of towners that may be a little reserved with food that they are not normally accustomed to.  The Mission is a small restaurant, so make sure to book reservations during the high season and most of all enjoy la dolce far niente.
If you ever have the distinct pleasure of being in Scottsdale as I was please stop by The Mission and request that "SAM" be your waiter. My wife and I received the best service we have ever received from "SAM". "SAM" is the most personable waiter I've ever had in my life. I would return  to The Mission every time I'm in Scottsdale!!! Not only was "SAM" great but the food was excellent. The chicken tacos were mouth watering. The margarita was excellent, Hat's off to the bartender and last but not least the Pumpkin Bread pudding that was recommended was so good I could have slapped my Mama!!! No, but really.. I'm not that crazy. I don't even like pumpkin but this was excellent with the gelato.... I can't wait to come back to Scottsdale in November just to return to The Mission and I will call to make sure that "SAM" is there.
Best tacos I've ever had, hands down.  Also the smallest, but that's okay because they were so damn good.  They were perfect.  The Mission does a wonderful job of combining various Latin cultures' cuisine into a dish to make it their own.  I got the chicken tacos, which sounds boring, but they were extraordinary.  They are served with an aji amarillo sauce.  Aji is a common Peruvian pepper, which has a wonderful and unique flavor, but I've never seen it on tacos before, since tacos aren't part of Peru's cuisine.  That's what I love about this place--they married the Mexican and Peruvian cultures and made something delightful out of the union.    I can't wait for an opportunity to go back and try their arepas.  The pabellon has my mouth watering already!
As a "die-hard" foodie that spends way too much of his income eating out...I'll state emphatically that The Mission is one of those very special places that only comes along once in a long while.  Matt Carter has an unbelievable palate for flavor and a creative approach to his menu and presentations that are so unique - his food just should not be missed!  Complimenting that, GM Brian Raab and his team execute service flawlessly with just the right balance of informal poise and professionalism.  They have great passion and it shows in all the details.
I'm not sure I'd go so far as to say that The Mission is "as good as it gets" like the five star rating suggests, BUT this place is pretty damn good. I've read some mixed reviews, and was hesitant about spending the money and hitting an off night, but when my wife and I ate here it was fantastic!   The entry way through the open courtyard is very inviting, the decor and lighting is classic and dark, yet hip and upbeat at the same time. The music does have a surprising range to it, but it all worked for us and it actually added another side to the dining experience that you don't usually find. It FELT like a night out at a lounge and that's what we were going for. The service was top notch: our server was knowledgeable and friendly, and the food came on time but not too fast. Gave us just enough time in between to enjoy our drinks (I recommend the Caiprihina... I had three and they are super tasty, especially in the hot weather). The manager or owner even came by at one point to ask how everything was.   The food was delicious, and just like others have said, there are so many things to choose from! We had three dishes from the tapas menu and combined they were plenty of food for us both. We had the duck empenadas, some kind of flat gorditas, and one of the pork belly selections. My favorite was the pork, and although the duck was good, the dough on the outside was a bit too thick and overwhelmed the filling a bit. The flavors were wonderful though, and we left very satisfied and not one regret about the price. Stop by for a fun night out!
loved it...
The Mission bills itself as a modern Latin restaurant inspired by cuisines of Spain, Mexico, Central and South America utilizing French cooking techniques. What does this mean? Expect the unexpected. If you don't have the cojones to try something new, this may not be the place for you. Tip! - if you're not sure about something on the menu, ask plenty of questions, more on that later.   Despite arriving 10 minutes prior to my reserved time we were quickly seated and our server came right over to take our drink order. The house margarita's were good enough to make me vow to never again drink a margarita made from that premixed high fructose crap. I have officially kicked that habit.   The first course was a Peruvian clam stew, otherwise known as "Almejas Al Vapor". Incredible! Imagine the best soup de poisson you've ever had now add that to the best posole you've ever had and turn all that into a thick, creamy stew and voila! - you've got yourself one amazing dish. A perfect amount of spiciness, yet you don't even realize it because of all the other amazing flavors lurking within.   Second course was the chorizo porchetta with white bean puree. Basically, a very tender braised pork shoulder wrapped around a small piece of Mexican sausage. This dish was very good but not great, and I blame myself. The meat had a fairly strong smoky flavor which I personally don't care for. This might be due to the mesquite fired Plancha grill that I'm just not used to. However, I can see how others with an alternative palate would adore this dish. Again, this was my fault, I should have asked the server "what does it taste like" before ordering.   For desert I had the espresso churros with ibarra chocolate milkshake. The milkshake was great, the churros on the other hand were a bit overcooked, dare I say... charred. A good churro is crispy on the outside and soft and chewy in the center. Granted, this will be very difficult for The Mission because their churros are very thin. For a churro of this size, there's probably a fine line between a limp piece of greasy dough or a brittle, black stick of coal.   After dinner the server brought each of us a shot of tequila. A nice gesture as she knew that it was a going away meal for my dinner companion who is moving to Texas.   As a whole, the experience at The Mission was excellent. Highly recommended.
What the truck, chuck?   el servicio - no bueno la comida - no me gusta la decoracion - una estrella la margarita - una estrella
Restaurant Week Review:  The food was good, and we happened to go on sunday with half off wine but the problem was that the restaurant week offerings were a "tasting menu".  That is not how any other restaurant did it, that is not how the online menu depicted the meals, and small tapas sized dishes do not count as "courses".  For what we got it was hugely over-priced.  $29 for 2 appetizers and a miniature dessert. 50 other restaurants around town managed to make full meals fit into the $29 price point.   If you can't follow the theme of the event, don't participate.    One of the reasons we chose The Mission was that a drink was included.  We assumed it was a glass of wine.  Well, it was actually about 2 ounces of a frozen margarita.  Take away the ice and you have about a teaspoon of tequila.  Thanks!  They should have used a thimble  as the icon for their drink on the Restaurant week list.        I got duck carnitas for "course 1".  It was 3 quarter sized gorditas.  (I am not exaggerating the small size)  It was tasty but if I wanted hors d'oeurvres I would go to a cocktail party.  My gf got a Rock Shrimp Salad which was small but decent too.    For appetizer 2 I got the Pork Shoulder and she got the Grouper.  I got maybe 2 oz of meat and she got maybe 3 ounces of fish.  Both were good, but not satisfying.    For appetizer 3 (dessert edition) we got the churros with a chocolate shake which was 4 pinky sized churros with about 3 sips of a milkshake.  I think I could have stored the entire amount in the straw.  The gf got Pastel de Almendra which I don't remember how it was.  Wasn't great, wasn't bad.    Of the 4 places we tried for Restaurant week, this place came in last.  Food wasn't as good as the others (Avalon, Wildfish, Papas Tapa Frita) and obviously the hobbit portions were not in the spirit of the event.  I'll stick to the other places that sacrificed a little profit margin in order to gain a new customer Vs this place trying to find a way to take as much money as possible while doling out the least amount of food pleasure.
Awesome tequila list.  Good decor and mood lighting.
Very nice little place with character near old towne.  It was busy on a Saturday, sat at the bar, and had a little meal.  Mango jicama salad, halibut, and pumpkin bread pudding.  All very good but the bread pudding was incredible.  It was funny because the bartender said my name when I sat down and said that such and such was expecting me.  She gave me a free glass of wine all while I'm confused.  She came back and said woops I guess you're not such n such.  However, same first name.  I told her no biggie and that I wanted to pay for the glass because it wasn't necessary.  She was beyond cool and still wanted to buy me the glass but since it was the end of the bottle (still 3/4 full) she gave me another full glass right after.  Then after a while a ordered a different red and had that as well.  Man, I was full and happy but had to figure out a way to fit that dessert down my gullet.  I did, no surprise.  Will be back.
Great food! The guacamole was soo good. The pickled peppers were amazing! Great service!  The only problem I had was the protestors outside showing us how there duck was prepared. There were  about 15 protestors handing out pamphlets on the cruelty to ducks in the preparation of one of their signature dinners. I was appalled by the brochure I was handed after my meal. Thank god I don't eat duck or participate in the manner that these animals are treated.    I would recommend The Mission. But maybe they should re think the duck course prepared. It almost ruined my meal thinking about it. No animal deserves to be tortured alive for human consumption.  Back to vegetarianism for me....
I wish I could give 3.5 stars.  I do love the flavor of the food, but the portions-- particularly on the tacos-- are pretty small for the price.  However, they make the guacamole for you right there at the table, and it's $9, but it's totally worth it.  I am a guacamole fiend, and I would say it's the best I've had so far in Scottsdale.  That being said, I have to say the bad:  1.  Parking not great.  2.  When we showed up, they gave our table to another couple right in front of us, even though we had reservations.  3.  They had run out of menus, so we had to wait for them... for over 20 minutes.  4.  I was most looking forward to trying the Texas grits, and when they didn't show up, I asked our server about them, and he told me he was sorry, but they were out of them.  That's fine, but I wish he had told me sooner.  However, again, the personality of the server was nice and accomodating, and the flavor of the food at The Mission is delicious.
Unbelievable Pork Shoulder Tacos & the Tableside Guacamole is out of this world. I have recommended this restaurant to many of my foodie friends & they have all raved about it. Going back tonite for my third time.......Yay!!
Wonderful! The decor is great - the food is imaginative - the drinks are creative! To start, our bartender was a treat. He gave us samples of his signature margaritas and we loved the flavors - and we're not froufrou margarita lovers. I love the blood orange marg! The margaritas alone are worth a trip to the Mission.   The front patio was very inviting and cozy with a fireplace as the centerpiece. Perfect for a balmy Arizona fall evening.   Yes, the food portions seem small, but the flavors are so full & rich that we were all full afterward. Salsa, freshly made guacamole, clam stew, skirt steak & chicken tacos, and pork belly fajitas were all amazing. The "medium" guacamole was a bit mild for my taste but very tasty.   All in all it was a party for the taste buds!   Service - it was a very busy Saturday night and they were packed, but they got us a table on the patio without a reservation within about 10 minutes. Our server was attentive and informative but not intrusive or over friendly. We were quite happy with the service.   Prices - perhaps they are high, but for the quality and inventive flavors the prices are in line. This is not your neighborhood Mexican restaurant after all. For 5 of us with appetizer, meals and multiple generous drinks the total was $140. Not bad for a unique evening!  Parking - there's a huge lot just across the street and another parking garage right behind the restaurant.  It's certainly not a problem to walk a block, especially on a relaxing fall evening.
Checked it out today for the all you can eat pork tacos.  They roast a pig in the oven for eight hours and then start serving at 12p and go until the food is gone.  Yum.  The menu looked really good and the place is really cool and in a great location.  My only gripe was the cost of the food.  Really?
41/2.  Love this place.  As a rule, if you go to places that get 4 or more on Yelp then you're typically safe and very good.  This is no exception.  The pork for two is so good.  The black and white bean sides are delicious.  Next time I have to get the guacamole made fresh, people around us had it and loved it.  The various bartenders I've met here are all very good and honest about the wine list.  The best red I believe is the first one of the red portion of the list.  Forgot what it was but very good.  I almost ordered something else, they gave me a taste and it wasn't my style, offered this other wine.  Fabulous stuff.  The restaurant is packed on weekends and the atmosphere is fun.  Going back for a business lunch tomorrow, can't wait.
If you prefer a "hip" atmosphere to good food, you might like this place
We gave it a 9, so we will make that 5-, 4,5 stars.     To start with it's just beautiful and we lucked out to be outside, under the heater next to the roaring fireplace. The service could not have been better and thanks to our YELPing friends, we hardly needed a menu.    The Portugese clam soup was "souper" though on the salty side. The pork belly was "off the hook" and the steak tacos were tops too! We gave the dishes, 9, 9.5 and 9.5 respectivley.   Margaritas were awesome, Smokehouse and Pomogranite but it was a short glass.       It's been a long time since we had a solid 9. Thanks guys! Oh and the table guac is a must. PS if you get he bread pudding, get the sauce on the side. It's over the top sweet. My pancreas is running laps right now!
The meal at The Mission was AMAZING!  The only thing I regret is not having more room in my stomach to eat more.    We started with the Grilled Street Corn and the Crispy Cola Pork.  Both were flavorful, unique, and worthy of being ordered again.  For my entree, I ordered the Sopa de Elote (I wasn't too hungry) and my husband ordered the Chorizo Porchetta.  True to the starters, these entrees were unlike anything we had tried before, and they left us wanting more.  We ended with the pumpkin bread pudding which can only be described as God's gift to bread pudding.  It was rich, decadent, and had me wanting to like the plate.    This place is a must try!
I was on a mission to cure the lonely condition of my stomach.  Well, maybe it was a dinner with some clients.  Either way, I found myself at the Mission for the first time and quite liked it.  Staff took fantastic care of us, and the food was tangy and tasty. We had the table-made guac, and I snagged some of their Fantasma (?) sauce made from Ghost peppers to spice it up. Spice it up indeed. Woo!  Mahi-Mahi tacos also had a bit of a kick, and we ordered them grilled so they were quite light.  Washed it all down with a few Agave Margaritas.  Not cheap, but well worth it. I shall be returning!
Best table made guacamole ever. Bit pricy, but the atmosphere and food were top notch. (~90 with 20% tip for 2 people w/ wine and an app).
Eat here. Ate here last night, a group of 5.  Pretty colonial mexican decor with beautiful chandeliers one of my dining partners wanted to steal.   Server was very young, but knew the menu well.   Home made chips and salsa.  Not much you can do with chips and salsa, but they were not...ummm...cold.  Had the $12 guacamole.  A lot like Barrio's Guac.  Table side preparation, like in Rocky Point.  People rant and rave online about the guacamole here.   It's good and all, but come on, it's f...ing guacamole.  Should have ordered the cheese plate.  Duck Carnitas Empanada.  That shit was good!  I wanted to lick my plate, but the bourbon and tequila had not yet kicked in, so I used my finger.    Crispy Cola Pork.  Yummy.  The chiltepin made it spicy.  It was a fancy lettuce wrap, and it was delicious.    Chipotle Caesar.  A fresh break of greenery between the meat dishes.  A little heavy on the dressing.  Pork shoulder Tacos. The meat was the star.  Silly vegetarians can eat all the salad in the world, because that leaves more pork for me.  My wife and I enjoyed the roasted pork without the little tortilla, just dipping it in the mexican BBQ sauce that was served along side.  Chimmichurri Marinated Hanger Steak.  Not a lot of chimmichurri flavor here, but the tomatillo sauce on the side was super savory and yummy.  Tequila and beer and bourbon were making me tingle, so I did lick my plate when no one was looking.    Will eat here again.  A lot like Deseo in the Westin at Kierland, and also like  Barrio.  Good fancy latin cuisine.  Excellent service.  Good value for the money.  Eat here.
Added to my list: Yelp made me do it!  Great atmosphere and excellent food. Friendly staff - even offered me a blanket for my lap since we were dining outside near the fireplace.  Definitely get the grilled corn app. I've had it at other places and this is one of the best preparations.
This was our second trip to the Mission. We were here in February 2010 and were wow-ed by the great service and the fantastic guacamole the first time around. We made a point to go back this time and were equally wow-ed. We went for a late afternoon lunch and we had the table-side-prepared guacamole. I had the chicken tacos and my friend had the steak tacos. These were small but, as it turns out, a perfect portion to accompany the pile of guacamole we snarfed. Despite the small size of the tacos they were quite flavorful and, again, plenty of food for an afternoon lunch.
YUM! My boyfriend has been here several times while in town for business so he wanted to take me here while I was in town visiting. I can definitely see why! I love Mexican food and this was top notch. We started off with the street corn, and it was SO delicious. The corn was so fresh and the kernels were huge! The sauce on top was super tasty and I couldnt get enough. We didnt have the tableside Guacamole, but I thought the $12 was a little steep. For lunch, I had the Mahi Mahi tacos and my boyfriend had the Pork Belly tacos. Both were amazing. The size of my fish was huge! My boyfriends was very fresh tasting with the grilled pineapple on top. We also had the Chips and Salsa and the salsa had a chipotle taste to it, which we both enjoyed.   It wasnt a cheap lunch that is for sure, but the food is super good and the portions were  a decent size. We left lunch pretty stuffed! I would love to come back for dinner some night, the courtyard out back is so cute!
Very disappointed.   The restaurant is very dark. I have decent eyesight but needed to use the candles on the table to see the menu. My poor parents needed to ask for a flashlight, which the hostess already was carrying. That just goes to prove that they know it is too dark in the restaurant for some people to read the menu. . . or even see the food.   My sister and her husband ordered the pork shoulder tacos. They liked them very much. But, they also admitted that the pork should tacos are the only thing they will order on the menu. Mission- there are your two stars!  My parents ordered chicken tacos and asked they be mild. They weren't mild.  My mother could barely eat them. Thanks for listening Ms. Waitress.   I ordered the a soup that the waitress said would be very hearty. The soup  tasted. . . well, it had no taste.  It was like watery broth with tasteless pork at the bottom. Not good and not hearty.  I told the waitress that I did not like it and she said, " Oh, bummer. Can I bring you something else?"  Since everyone was almost done with their meals I declined and just ate chips and salsa.   The bill?  Yeah, it included my tasteless soup that I did not eat. Pretty tacky.
Good guac made at the table, good sangria (both red and white), but we found the tacos while tasty to be a little too nouvelle cuisine-y.  Excellent service.
The best salsa I've ever had - definitely not from a can. Also fresh guacamole was prepared tableside, also excellent. Fish tacos were good, but deep fried in same vat as shrimp (and you could tell), so beware if you have shellfish allergies. Great atmosphere for romance or business. Want to go again.
My husband and I had a great time here on New Year's Eve eve. It was packed, so we ate at the bar, and were lucky enough to have Mike (bar manager, I think) making us gorgeous cocktails the entire time...lotsa them. I'm pretty sure my slightly drunk self declared each and every one 'the best drink ever!'...I might have also clapped a couple of times. The new drink menu deserved it, though.  SOO GOOD. We split the mahi mahi tacos (delicous) and ate every single crumb/drop of the perfect chips and salsa. We will definitely, definitely be back the next time we are in Scottsdale. I wanted everything on the menu. Everything.
Great ambiance as well as quality of food.  Everyone I have eaten with here has been thoroughly impressed.    Be sure to do table side guacamole and do not hold back on the spicy.  Pork belly is also amazing.
This little spot in the art district of Scottsdale is as good a lunch restaurant as I've been to.  I had the mahi mahi tacos, and was blown away by the attention to detail in the flavors bringing the dish together, as well as the wonderfully tasteful presentation.    Of particular note was the attractiveness level of the waitresses, about which I don't have sufficient words to do justice.  Both my father and I were hard pressed not to buy a condo in Scottsdale just to stay and have all our meals for the rest of our life there solely to appreciate the view.  They were dressed tastefully, not in the slightest bit 'slutty', but holy god.
One of my favorite restaurants! Great food, service and ambiance. I recommend to everyone:) Must havs: tableside guacamole, mahi tacos, and pork shoulder. I have had almost everything on the menu and you really can't go wrong. Smaller portions but delicious.  If you decide to go for dinner it's best to make a reservation because at times the wait can be long.
The server we had was awful but honestly it didnt matter...we were on the patio on a beautiful, although brisk, AZ Winter night....the patio fireplace was roaring, heat lamps burning, and the low tempo house/r&b was bumpin....the seating was although rather tight but the food was just a complete surprise from how quick it came out, the presentation, perfect portion size, taste, and cost....a must for romantics inside and out.  I am not a Latino/Mexican foody but the scallops, black cod, white bean puree, green beans (forget the mexican term on the menu), and the fried banana were amazing.....we opted to not indulge in the plethora of tequilas on the menu but it was VERY tempting....Ill be back and probably very soon!  Love it!!!
I never knew that there could be fancy Mexican food that I loved as much as my local taco truck. I was wrong. Dead wrong. Be sure to order the pork shoulder tacos and a bottle of the Inedit beer straight outta Barcelona!
Two people, two entrees, two appetizers,  and two drinks= $107 Come on now. I don't have any problem with paying this kind of money for dinner other than for "Latin"  don't get me wrong, the food was very good. Just wish I've could've made out the menu. It was so dark you'd think you were in a bat cave. FOOD- good not great. Weak guacamole very, very far from authentic  Ordered spicy should've ordered xxxxspicy. I make better for only $4.00 Service- great PRICE- WAY over priced for yuppie ass Mexican food. But it is Scottsdale.
DELISH! The coconut marg is sooo good and everything else!  We had the table side guac and the shrimp appetizer.  For the main course we had the mahi mahi tacos and the black cod dinner.  The sauces on all of the dishes are very tasty!  For dessert we got the pumpkin bread pudding which was AMAZING to say the least! Will definitely be returning! :)
For some reason it took me a long time to try The Mission.    Well, don't be like us - Go Now! The Mission is great and not at all what I expected (in a good way). By looking at the menu online I thought this was going to be a stuffy, overpriced, quiet, boring "Upscale Mexican" restaurant OR a Mexican restaurant in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale with great decor and awful food- wrong!   First of all, unlike so many places in the Valley, The Mission is a standalone building (aka you're not in a strip mall or shopping center. There's a quaint front patio with an over sized fireplace. Then, you walk inside to a dark, chandelier (lots of them) lit bar area and restaurant. The bar was packed, the music was turned up loud and the vibe was great. We were happy to wait for a table because we got to spend some time looking around inside and enjoying the bar. Unbeknownst to us, the restaurant didn't stop there. We were escorted to the adorable back patio covered with lights, a fountain and screened in by tall green trees. I give the vibe and decor two thumbs up.   So what about the food? So good! As recommended by everyone on Yelp, we did the table-side guacamole and it didn't disappoint. My husband and his dad ordered the pulled pork tacos that included 10 small tortillas on a salt brick to keep them warm - so cool - and all the fixings. They loved them. I had the fish tacos which was absolutely delicious. Don't be fooled by the small portions - the flavors are big and after chips, salsa and guacamole you're perfectly content.   This restaurant is a great spot for just about anything... a date night, girls night out, dinner with parents, out of town visitors, clients...  We'll absolutely be back.
It's Saturday and  we are a party of four for lunch.  Had to remind the server three times to bring bread, had to remind repeatedly to refill ice tea, I asked about a drink featuring Mezcal and the server said she would check on it (I'm still waiting), had to ask three times for an item missing from the order, had to wait an hour for the food to arrive.  The explanation was, "we are very busy."  So why do I as customer have to absorb that?  If you can't handle the people STOP SEATING THEM!  The server had to take off one item that she repeatedly didn't bring, and never got the Mezcal drink.  Guess what?  You would have SOLD more if the service had been decent and gotten a bigger tip!
This is some of the best Latin food I've ever had. The table-side guacamole was out of this world and my friends and I actually ordered two rounds of it - best $24 worth of guacamole ;-)  The roast corn gordita was really tasty - very different from anything I've tried before.  The white bean puree was also exceptional!  For dinner, I recommend any of the tacos - chicken, mahi mahi, steak, or pork.  Another Scottsdale gem and I look forward to going back!
Definitely a fan of this place.  They had a great mix of good quality and tasty Latin American dishes (not just Mexican).   The drinks were good as well and decently priced for the quality.  Overall great somewhat upscale place to go, but gets loud in the evening time.
Ladies and gents - listen up. If you're looking to impress your date, The Mission should go on your list. Sexy, dimly-lit interior? Check. Spacious yet comfy bar area? Check. Tempting menu with plenty of items to share? Check, check, check.   I'm a huge fan of tableside guac, and the Mission whipped up a batch just to my liking (maybe less so to my friends at the table.) I'm not a fan of tomatoes with my avo, but feel free to load up on the garlic, onion, cayenne and anything that's extra hot. Yum! I could have made a meal on the freshly-made guac, crispy-thin chips and smoky-flavored salsa alone.  We were lucky enough to sample a tasting menu, which is how I prefer to eat at restaurants like this where it's easy to be overwhelmed by all the delicious-sounding options. For the life of me, I can't remember every single item we tried, but the pork tacos were a standout and I loved the presentation of the extra tortillas on a salt block. As expected, they have a huge variety of tequilas to choose from, and the margs, caprihinas and mojitos all have an twist. Try the pineapple ginger mojito - it's just as flavorful as it sounds. And the milkshake with churro dessert. You will not be disappointed!
It had a nice vibe, but the food was less than mediocre.  The appetizer was dried out chicken, and for the main course, I asked the server what the signature dish was, and she steered me to the pork shoulder.  Instead of the succulent, moist, mouth watering vision I had in mind, it was dried out as well.  Didnt finish even half of it.    Maybe our problem was that we were dining after 10pm on a weekend, and they weren't as mindful as they should have been.  But for the prices they charge, there is no excuse for the lack of execution.  The scene was cool, but I wouldn't go back to eat.
Ask for Adam's special guacamole and make sure you tip him.  Hot and tasty. It will make your night like it made ours.   One of the ladies said he was a cutie.   As for the food... The guacamole is a must. House Margarita is spot on.   Lamb ribs and pork shoulder tacos are heaven.
A great place to have a couple cocktails, eat, or just hang out!  The food is great and worth the price. While it's not too expensive, you do pay more than a dollar per taco like at Taco Bell. The tordas are exquisite and quite large. I savored every bit of it as I sipped my mango cocktail. Very Nice!
I checked out The Mission when I was visiting my parents in Phoenix because I had read Laura's review, and she generally has awesome taste. Also, I love fancy Mexican food. And The Mission met my high expectations! The atmosphere is really romantic but fun at the same time, I would be just as comfortable there on a date as I would be with some girlfriends. The bartenders were all really nice and the pear basil margarita was amazing. So was the white sangria. I may have been a bit toasted by the time I left. But that's not a bad thing.  And the food was delicious. We had the chips and guac, and the guac was great - nice spice level where it heated me up but didn't set my mouth on fire. Very nice mix of herbs. The chips were maybe a hair greasy for my taste but that is my only complaint. I had the duck confit which was absolutely delicious, and a huge portion. My friend had the black cod which we agreed was the better dish. It was light, flavorful, just perfect. We split the espresso churros for dessert and they were freaking incredible. I could have taken a bath in the milkshake thing they came with.  Overall The Mission is highly recommended. Go there!
If you're looking for a restaurant hotspot in Old Town, look no further.  The Mission offers up gourmet latin-inspired creations in a dimly-lit, totally chic setting, with decor reminiscent of its days as a pueblo church.  We went on a Saturday night, and it was a good thing I made a reservation - the place was PACKED!  The bar was packed, the tables were packed, even the aisles were packed!     To eat:  *Crispy Cola Pork - Tasty, but seemed more asian than latin-inspired.  Close your eyes and you might think you're eating an extra-sweet teriyaki lettuce wrap.  *Duck Empanadas w/ Foie - Pass on this one.  The foie was strangely spongy and the empanada crust was very tough and mealy.  Filling was bland.  All around fail.  *Mahi Mahi Tacos - $14 gets you two lipstick-sized tacos with nothing on the side.  Same goes for all the taco dishes.  Very bad value.  *Shortrib Asado Negro - Meat was tender and flavorful, and there was a decent portion of it.  But there was hardly any garnish to cut it - maybe 4 small bites worth.  Why skimp on black beans, plantains, and rice that cost next to nothing?  Silly.  *Espresso Churros - Delicious!  My favorite part was the milkshake - Perfectly smooth and coffee-y.  However, the main component of this dish is supposed to be the churros and for some reason there were only a few small sticks of those.  Conclusion: The Mission has an awesome-sounding menu, but most of the actual dishes fall short.  Portions are generally very scant and uneven across menu items, so be sure to ask your server about what to expect.  The food is basically good for noshing while enjoying several cocktails, looking hot, mingling, and enjoying the upbeat vibe!
OMG.  So incredibly good and very consistent.  This place is hands down my absolute favorite place in Scottsdale.  Great atmosphere, great drinks, great food, great servers, great owners, what more can you ask for??  I visited the Mission the first time for Valentine's Day dinner when my boyfriend took me based on Yelp reviews.  We weren't sure what exactly we were getting ourselves into, but we took advice from many reviewers for the pork shoulder tacos.  We ended up getting the chips and salsa, a cheese plate, the pork shoulder tacos, a side of chipotle grits and ended with the pumpkin bread pudding.  Needless to say we were stuffed, but extremely happy.  We went back last night to take some friends who recently moved to the area, and they left just as happy as we did the first time.  My boyfriend and I wanted to branch out and get something new, but we had the best meal the first time that we did a repeat for round 2, although we got the churros instead of the bread pudding which were delish.  Sometimes you remember something tasting perfectly, and then you get it again and it doesn't quite live up to your mind's expectations.  Well, the Mission know's what's up.  It was just as good, if not better, than last time.  There is a reason this place has so many reviews, it practically speaks for itself.  I would highly recommend the pork shoulder tacos, the chipotle grits (so money) and some type of dessert.  They have a great bartender too - I had the strawberry coconut mojito, and it was tasty.  Their margs are pretty good too.  I can't wait to go back and maybe, just maybe, try something else!
Believe every good review you see on here, and get your tail down to the Mission!  Try the pig roast on a Sunday.....  Have a romantic dinner with your special someone....  A nice family get together....OR....  Have a kick ass wedding on their patio out back!  We had the best time with family and friends at the Mission on St. Patrick's Day, March 17th 2011.  We invited just over 50 people, and the patio was the perfect size, and that included having one the best chefs in PHX manning the grill, and putting out creative freshness on every plate.  The staff was nothing short of awesome, serving with a smile the entire night, and they seemed to be having just as much fun as we did.  We had a very special 3 days, and The Mission was right up there at the top bracket...just behind the ceremony next door.  Now stop reading these things and make a rezzie!
Very good food and drinks...Guac, Street Corn, Carne tacos, & Margaritas. So good, that I went back for lunch the next Saturday and ordered a marg and guac again,, and I was disappointed.  Obviously, the lunch chef and bartender are different than the prior Saturday night, and consistency is a problem for this restaurant.
Great food, great atmosphere and good service. Great place to take someone visiting from out of town.
The Mission serves "modern Latin cuisine in a sophisticated yet casual setting" according to their website. Actually, I'd say the Mission serves the best meal in the greater Phoenix area with a simple and romantic flair. So much for adjectives, as there may not be enough to accurately describe this dining experience.  First off, The Mission makes me want to "re-calibrate" my other Yelp reviews as this is truly a real 5 star place.   We are staying in a wonderful 5 star resort where the concierge suggested this dining spot, but also let us know (under full disclosure) that she is employed by The Mission as a bartender. She gave us 2 tips: "You must try the Duck Empandas and the Peruvian Stew". Peruvian stew is actually called "Almejas Al Vapor" and consists of peruvian clam stew + rock shrimp + chorizo + pan de yucca + aji amarillo + roast corn, and is a bit spicy. I thought this was an odd choice as it's 80 degrees outside dining on their lovely patio, but we tried both.   The Almejas Al Vapor is an incredible dish. Each bite reveals a new twist and many new flavors. Unbelievable call, and no, it doesn't make you seem warmer than normal. The Duck Carnitas Empanadas are excellent and are a bit cheesy. If you like white sauces and cheese, you'll love this dish. The dish consists of duck + foie gras + orange + habanero + oregano + mushroom + queso oaxaca baked in a homemade empanada shell. Honestly, I was trying to pace myself, so I only ate a few bites of an excellent small plate..  Our excellent server had her favorite appetizer and insisted we try the "lettuce wraps", aka Crispy Cola Pork consisting of pork belly + cola + lime + chiltepin + peanut + pickled red onion wrapped in gem lettuce. This dish is excellent and the lettuce cleverly is placed on the peanut sauce such that you only get every flavor if you eat by hand v with a fork. You'll have to try it to understand what I'm saying.  After appetizers, I was forced to "downsize" the entree and we split the Steak Tacos. The story we'd heard about this place was the Chef who is famous for French Cuisine and created Zinc Bistro always wants a "Taco stand". This is far beyond a Taco stand, but you get the French influence and clever presentation, with Latin cuisine and perfect use of spices and sauces making the Mission unique.   Dessert time which means it's time to split the Fired Bananas. Generally, I skip dessert, but Fried Bananas is one of my favorite foods, and these are the best I have ever had.   First, the presentation: The fried banana are actually placed in a cinamon tortilla shell. There's house-made peanut butter and Cinamon Gellato on the plate. This is all rounded off with a simple, elegant cinamon/sugar mixture (heated as a light sauce) with a few peanuts as garnish. Here's the menu's description: Fried Bananas butter + nutmeg + peanuts and dulche de leche.  We sat on the patio as our bartender suggested this was a quiet romantic spot...excellent call. There are two other dining areas, a front patio and the inside which has a large bar. Inside seemed loud and would be a good happy hour spot. The back patio was wonderful for romantic outdoor ambiance.   Last, and not at all least, our service was wonderful. The server on the back patio knew all of the dishes, made great wine recommendations and was just a wonderful, upbeat person who knew food.   This place required a 2-day advance reservation during Baseball Spring training, but is well worth the planning process. I look forward to the next visit!
Beautiful Setting, wonderful menu. We sat outside and had the tableside guacamole. Delicious, even the chips were great. I had the steak which was delicious. My husband had the scallops. He said it was by far the best preparation of scallops he had ever had.
I love, love, love this place!! We happened upon it right after it's opening & have been regulars ever since. Everything about it makes me happy.  The cuisine is modern Latin fusion and it's sooo tasty and unique.  I try to order something different every visit and have yet to be disappointed.  The tequila selection and cocktails are one of a kind.  I highly recommend giving the blended ones a taste, even if they're described as spicy! Prices are absolutely reasonable for what you get and the owners are just about always on the floor. Go for drinks, small plates, brunch, lunch or dinner and you'll be satisfied.  The ambiance also lends itself to being a sexy, but cool date spot.  We've also brought some important clients for dinners there. Very cool.
What a pleasant surprise during my recent 6-day trip to Giants Spring Training!!  I went twice this trip--the first time for dinner and another time for lunch before a game.  For dinner, I was in a large group of 8 and the restaurant couldn't have been more accomodating.  We were greeted warmly and seated on time.  Food and drink service was equally friendly and efficient.  Nothing like a few margaritas and table-side guac-to-order to put one in the mood.  Ole!!  My lunch started with a wonderful mojito and some taco sliders.  Much better than ballpark food!  [fyi food at Scottsdale Stadium is MUCH better than Salt River!!  The Rockies, however, are looking good.]  The Mission is such a find and worth repeating...hopefully, just like our Giants!!  ps...I felt a little underdressed at dinner in my flip-flops.  Thankfully, the room is dimly lit.  The Mission is definitely a place to impress a date!
The food here was very good and fresh! We were able to try multiple things off of the menu - guacamole, soup, white bean side, salads, and tacos. We just loved the decor of this place! All the leather was beautiful.  We knocked it down a star because: the server could have been better. While he wasn't awful, we think he was a bit snooty because we didn't order alcohol. Also, the tacos order was TINY! It was almost a joke! But, everything was very good.
This place was AMAZING.  As if the food wasn't fantastic enough, the service was even BETTER!!  Jonathan and Molly waited on us and we were blown away.  Made great recomendations, cocktails were so unique and delicious and the food was fabulous.  I would highly recommend!!!
We went with another couple to The Mission and celebrated our anniversary. It was dark inside but wasn't stuffy or creepy. Our waiter was relaxed and helpful. He suggested the avocado margarita. Give it a shot--you just may want a refill (I did!).  We started with the delicious guac and shared a few small plates (our waiter was spot-on with his recommendations re: quantity). By far the best part of the night was the pork shoulder tacos. They were make your own with falling off the bone meat. We finished with pumpkin bread pudding.  Never rushed or harried, we had a great time and recommend going with a few people you can sample the dishes with. Make a reservation if you go during peak weekend hours.
My absolute favorite restaurant. I take any relatives or friends that visit me in AZ to The Mission and they are always wowed.   Both the red and white sangria are awesome!!!  The table side guacamole is amazing...along with the braised short ribs and tostados. Yum!  Service is always excellent and I've never been disappointed!
I had the pleasure of dining in old town Scottsdale at Mission.  Very quaint and modern Latin.  The food was quite yummy, I had the tostadas before my maui maui tacos and fresh guac and chips oh yeah and sweet potato fries:) I had too!  Everything was fresh and delish and  I will definitely make it back for the pumpkin bread pudding dessert  I didn't have room for.  Mission is one of my new favorites!
Just had a yummy meal at The Mission. The atmosphere is beautiful--candles, chandeliers, and mirrors everywhere--along with tall, attractive patrons. I felt very short as I was waiting for my table with a bunch of other people. It was quite busy (Saturday night), and even though we had a reservation, we still had to wait 20 minutes. But, once we sat down and got drinks--a Smokey margarita and a pear and basil margarita--I immediately felt more content. Both margaritas were good. The pear one was perhaps a little too sweet to go with dinner but would be great as a happy hour drink.  The food was good, and we ordered way too much. We had: tableside guac with chips and salsa, delicious Peruvian stew, a chicken dish and black halibut (usually black cod). My chicken dish was humongous, which caught me off guard. I could barely finish it, but I can't wait to eat the leftovers. The sauce on the roasted chicken was spicy and delicious. It came with mission fries, which are a mixture of sweet potato and regular fries spiced with cumin and lime.  The service was friendly and prompt but not rushed. I appreciated that they let us take our time even though the place was packed. I asked the waitress to bring a special dessert for my bf's birthday, and they brought out their signature dessert, the pumpkin bread pudding, along with two lit sparklers that sat upright in a lime. The dessert was full of caramel goodness, and I just "had" to break my dessert fast to have a few bites.  This place is pricey, but for a special occasion, it's just the place for a fun time.
Best Ever!! Are you kidding me? If you don't like this place stick to Taco Bell! Pork shoulder, short ribs, any of the tacos, and of course the guac, all will keep you coming back.
Very friendly staff, tacos are amazing, Guac and salsa were fantastic.
A  bit surprised at the high prices but figured that the "trendy factor in old town" and the atmosphere was the reason because the teeny portions of the food and the quality is just GOOD, like the Good egg, not great, not bad, just good.  No happy hour? And Too dark inside.  Lots of pretty wait staff.  My first suggestion would be to fire grill the mahi tacos and not batter them, they were not that flavorful. The side dishes of street corn and some potato chorizo thing were very good. I wanted to try the guac, but 12 bucks for an avacado with some garlic and cilantro? How about trying to make a good ceviche?  My hubby and i thought that Rubios rocks in comparison, we love the shrimp tacos and the pablano and portobello tacos.
Top atmosphere restaurant coupled with great food and service.  My husband and I ate at The Mission on a Wed. and even during the week reservations are needed. (Open Table)  We SHARED the: Table Side Guacamole $12.00 (Requested Extra Spicy) -  Good but not amazing like other yelpers have described..... and it wasn't exactly table side because where we were seated on the patio wouldn't allow for the Guac. cart to come through.  Pork Shoulder (serves two) $32.00 - Amazing and not just because it's pork! The presentation of the tortillas was pleasant and the portion was more than enough for two, although we had to ask for seconds on the tortillas to finish off the great pork meat.  Drinks: Strawberry & Cinnamon Margarita - Good & Strong for a light weight like myself  My husband had some sort of Don Julio something or other.  The dessert was strange, Espresso Churros + milkshake $8.00. Wasn't a fan of the dessert but the meal overall was great.  The patio is romantic and they offer blankets if you get chilled in the evening air.  I highly recommend The Mission.
This place is awesome, some of the best southwestern food in the Valley, some of there meats are awesome.  I can almost live on the enture app menu without even hitting the dinner menu.  The margs are also fantastic.
After reading several outstanding reviews about this place I decided to offer it as a suggestion to spend an office get-together for a combination birthday/administrative professional's day.  I am so very glad that I did.  I am already a huge fan of Mexican food and the place just blew me away. From the moment you enter, the atmosphere is incredible.  The walls surrounding the kitchen are made of this special salt stone that seem to be back-lit and the other decor was impressive.  The menus have real leather covers and the food sounded delicious. We ordered the corn and guacamole as our appetizers and when combined with the chips and salsa, was pure heaven.  Each had a bit of spice to it, but I was not at all uncomfortable. Each of us tried the tacos and none of us were disappointed.  The shrimp tacos were absolutely divine. For desert we tried the fried bananas and the pumpkin bread pudding and some French Press coffee with cream.  I have not had such a fully satisfying experience in a long time.  If you are looking for a wonderful and delicious experience I would definitely recommend this place.
Very cool ambiance. Table-side guac is great. The chef does anything pork very well. Had the pork belly last visit. Excellent!
Very disappointing. Margaritas were very good and service was fine. But the food?  Overpriced and not good. We started with the duck confit empanadas.  The filling was nice but the sauce was way too sweet and then there was the crust.  You needed a steak knife to cut the thing!  We ordered the pulled pork tacos for two dinner (32.00).  It took quite a while and when it came the tortillas were very small and extremely doughy.  The pork was fatty and just not very good.    On top of everything else, it is very dark so it's hard to see what you are eating.  I used my iPhone flashlight app so we could read the menus.    Really wanted to like the place but the quality was not there.  Definitely would never go back.  One start is for service and the other is for the drinks.  That's it.
Beautiful beautiful place. Great for a romantic evening out in my opinion.  Quietly classy, yet not ridiculously presumptuous.  Have not eaten any of their food... this is just based on drinks, service, and ambiance.  Cool note: Birthday sparkles for the birthday person.  Free mai tai shots for the whole group because of the birthday.  it is very dark inside... like how a monastery would look but with crystal accents. (duh)  I'll go back eventually and get a meal.
Good food and great service. The facilities are amusing: a lighted wall of blocks of brazilian salt
Not that this restaurant needs another great review, but I couldn't resist because it is one of my favorite places around. The mission is modern Latin and everything on the menu is delicious.  Its a beautiful restaurant with a charming patio. The service is always great and the cocktails are refreshing and strong. Some dishes you must try are the duck empanadas , guacamole, and crispy cola pork to start. The hearts of palm salad is delicious but the pork tacos are absolutely amazing and a big must. Also love the duck and filet entrees have a real depth of flavors. Definitely make a reservation because this place is busy for good reason.
I've been wanting to try this place for awhile after hearing good things about it and reading the menu. I realize now why the website doesn't list prices-- the mission is hideously overpriced!  We ended up on the patio since they weren't seating in the main area yet (at 6:30pm? For reals?) Our waitress was nice and attentive. She noticed my water had something floating in it and replaced it quickly. My husband's water glass was dirty too. She brought us out two sample size frozen peach and strawberry margaritas which were awesome. Much better than the rocks margarita.  No complimentary chips and salsa which would be ok if they offered something else like Barrio. No happy hour either which was disappointing.  The street corn was good, but I've had much better. The butternut squash tacos were out of this world. My husband liked them better than his mahi tacos. I just can't believe they have the gall to charge $12 for 3 tiny (3 inches in diameter) tacos. They also charge $12 for guac made from 2 avocados. I'm not sure how they have survived in this economy. They must be very slow when the tourists leave for the summer.
Good food and great service. The facilities are amusing: a lighted wall of blocks of brazilian salt
Wow!  I don't write enough about the great places at which my wife and I eat, but this one CANNOT be dropped!  We're in town with friends for a little R&R when a chef at another restuarant, also excellent, suggested this place among 10 or so others.  This food is AWESOME!  We started with margaritas: she had the pear basil, I the Aguacate.  I thought hers was sweet but tasty; mine was out-of-the-ballpark fantastic.  So good, in fact, that my wife got a second margarita, an Aguacate.  It's loaded with avacado -- yes, avocado!  Weird, but really good!  You MUST try this one.  Then we went on to a grilled street corn appetizer.   Fantastic!  We had it off the cob (easier to share).  It had a sort of chipotle aioli, which I guess was the chile paprika, with butter, cilantro, and cotija.  Then came my brisket torta:  smoked brisket, habanero, barbeque, aji amarillo, coleslaw, yucca bread.  I love this place!  My wife had the butternut squash tacos -- and I really didn't think any non-vegetarian could get this excited about a vegetarian dish!  Superb!  We tried the sweet honey chipotle grits as a side, which I thought were too sweet, but interesting, and we tried the Mission fries, a mix of sweet and regular fries with seasoning, lime, and chipotle ketchup or aji amarillo.   The damages with all of the above (total 4 margaritas) came to $86.00, sans tip.  The service was wonderful -- thanks Simona!  Lots of other cool selections.  Had I room for more I would be telling you about dessert.  Until next time (tomorrow?), I continue to be your  Incognito Connossieur
I am allergic to cumin, so I had to avoid a few dishes, but the food was as flavorful and interesting to taste as the menu made it sound. Terrific staff, young professional and lively crowd made this an outstanding experience for a foodie traveler.
OK, seriously some very good food going on here.  We had a table of five for a corporate dinner and asked our waiter to just "send out what he thought would be best for a small group, family style" and it was spot on. Two rounds of tapas and two larger entrees, with pre chips and salsa and tableside guac.....and ending with the most amazing dessert I've ever had, Pumpkin Bread Pudding. I'll def go back
It's been over a year and I still think about this place.  We walked in here without a reservation for dinner on a trip to Scottsdale, and were promptly seated outside under a heat lamp. Between the tableside guacamole and stiff margaritas, I was already a happy girl. But then our pork shoulder tacos for two arrived. This was an amazing quivering lump of perfectly cooked pork accompanied by a stack of fresh corn tortillas and fixings. The pork was so tender it could be flaked with a fork. We ate every bite. The side of black beans ranked among the best black beans I've ever eaten.  We liked the Mission so much, we returned for brunch the next morning. I had a bloody Mary, the steak tacos, and of course, a side of black beans. All excellent again, although the steak tacos weren't as memorable as that pork shoulder.  We ate outside both meals to take advantage of the beautiful weather, but inside seemed to have a very cool, trendy vibe. This seemed like a fun place to have cocktail hour with a group.  My only regret is that our trip wasn't long enough for a third visit.
YUM.  When I think about the Mission, a smile spreads across my face.  The place is great from top-to-bottom.  Stunning menu with high-end meals, to upscale street food.  The Corn on a stick is spicy, sweet and absolutely amazing.  Great for groups, wonderful patio, amazing brunch.  I have never had a bad experience here.  Waitstaff is extremely friendly and attentive.  Portion size is also very good and the drinks are a great topper with their extensive tequila list.  Overall great date spot, team event of just a lazy Saturday lunch.
Great service and the food was spiced perfectly.....better than most any other restaurant than I have ever been to.   The eggs puzzle me though. They cook their eggs on WAY too high of heat on the morning that I was there. I literally couldn't cut through the eggs with a fork. When I brought it to the servers attention she gladly brought me back a reorder, but the reorder only had 1 egg versus 2. The reordered egg was still inedible from being fried on WAY too high of heat.  Everything else was fantastic. Oh, and did I mention really hot servers?
GREAT! a little crowded but that happens when you have amazing food and great service. The corn on the cob with chipotle crema is soooo good. The chimichurri steak was delicous as was the guacamole. Our server was super sweet and very patient with our sarcastic, fun-loving table. Cannot wait to go back. Creative and somewhat fancy Mexican. Five Stars!
The Mission does everything well.  From their creative cocktail menu to the table-side guacamole to the short ribs its all delicious.  There are a lot of options depending on how hungry you are and the Sunday Pig Roast is a great value.  The fried banana dessert is unreal.
Picked this place because it was so close to the SMOCA. It's just a couple of blocks away. After we got our art on we had a lovely lovely brunch. We were seated right away. The dark woods and gold touches make the place cozy. I had the Crab and Corn pancakes. Delicious. Generous portions. Despite the deliciousness, I couldn't finish it. The manfriend had the Mission Huevo Ranchero. I had a bite of that, too. So. Good.
I am torn between two stars and three stars even though the food was Exquisite.  Short Story-Great food but smaller than Barbie Sized but full price.  Long Story-  I had the halibut that was over maybe two tablespoons of rice and had a delicious tomato sauce poured around it that tasted similar to Campbell's Soup but better because I couldn't taste the tin can and it had a great layered spice to it that was just right. The top of my fish was sprinkled with some crisp taro threads and my petite halibut was cooked to perfection and seasoned perfect. Vegetables were not a part of this meal ($28)  My husband had the Chorizo Porchetta it was impressive coming out with a flaming rosemary stuck into it, I noticed that it looked like a petite filet  across the table in the dark but was a pork shoulder and the chorizo (a hard style chorizo) was stuffed into it, the plate had a very tiny dish of white bean puree on the side. I am looking at my measuring cups right now and the dish looked like my quarter cup but the dish of beans wasn't filled all the way so it was less than a quarter cup also vegetables were not a part of this entree ($24)   Both of us and the two tables seated on both sides of us thought it was too dark in the dining room you REALLY HURT your eyes trying to read the menu in such darkness no matter how young or great your eyesight is. The tables are too close together so much so that you have to pull your table out of the way for people seated on the bench to get out. Service was casual.  Petite proteins, less than quarter cup side with entrees (1/2 cup is correct amount of food) vegetable side not included,full price..I wouldn't mind paying $10 more an entree so we could receive 1/2 cup side portions and a vegetable portion.                                 We will not return.
Absolutely love this place. I truly wish there was one of these back home in Southern California. Upscale Latin Cuisine served from an innovative menu paired with wonderfully tasting stiff cocktails. Need I say more. From the moment you walk into this place, you feel like you are right where you belong if you want to be part of the "scene." The table side guacamole that is completely customizable is not to be missed along with the house pork shoulder tacos ("for two")   With four of us dining here, we were able to try a great selection of items from the menu. We thoroughly enjoyed all the dishes we tried from the Fried Pork Belly in Mexican Cola reduction Lettuce Wraps, to the Pork Shoulder tacos to the Chorizo Porchetta. I was ready to go back again if it weren't so hard to get a reservation.   They had a pumpkin bread pudding dessert that was simply superb and their fried bananas was a close second. Don't forget to wash down your meal with a refreshingly stiff Cadillac Margarita. You won't be disappointed here.  Check out some of the pictures of the dishes in full resolution at kitchenrunway(dot)com. I will be sure that this place is on the agenda with each and every vacay out to Scottsdale/Phoenix.
Whoa. Oh, and wow. So, I was debating giving this place four stars because yes it is dark in there and yes the tables are a bit cramped and it did get loud.... but..... I just can't. The food was so good that it completely made up for those things.   The BF and I went here for my (very very belated) birthday dinner (we had made res's somewhere else on my b day that fell through *cough* monarch *cough* and had to make new plans). So I decided to try something a bit different and go to the Mission. I am very glad I did. The BF and I made open table reservations and were seated promptly when we got there. Our waiter was this funny guy named Derek, who, at first I thought I wasn't going to like that much (I have an aversion to trendy scottsdale people) but turned out to be wonderful and make great suggestions all night! So thanks Derek!  The BF and I decided to order a few different small plates to get a feel for the restaurant. We ordered the cola crispy pork belly, the table side guac, the steak tacos, and a side of chipotle honey grits. I also got a Mission margarita. So my margarita comes out and it is really great! I have only had one other margarita that I liked equally. It was extremely fresh and it wasn't made out of that disgusting green sweet stuff that normally makes up margs. I would definitely recommend it (with salt).   We then get the chips and salsa. The salsa is really smokey and reminds me of the salsa at Abuelos, if you've ever tried that. I liked it a lot. So the man who makes the Guac came over and asked how spicy we wanted it, and we told him hot. He then proceeded to mix the guac using all fresh ingredients. It was so good! and so fresh! I liked how I could taste each flavor that went in, from the cilantro to the delicious tomato and jalapeno.... it was all good.... also, it had pinons on it, which gave it a cool texture. I have only had one better guac, and that is at Barrio cafe....   We get the rest of the food, and the portions look tiny, but in reality, they are huge because I just ate half an avocado and a bagillion or so chips. The cola pork belly was Ah. Maze. Ing. I have never had anything like it. It's a crispy sweet and spicy pork with peanut sauce in a lettuce cup. It's like thai mexican fusion. It was the best of the meal. The steak tacos were also wonderful. The BF said it was like eating a new york strip in a taco. It was a little sweet and a little savory... all good. The grits were the only part that were just ok. I liked them, they were creamy and different, but I wouldn't get them again.   So we had to get dessert, as it was my 'birthday' and Derek recommended the pumpkin bread pudding. Holy crap Derek, you are the man! This thing was one of the most delicious desserts I have had, and definitely the best bread pudding. It's pumpkin bread with a little bit of creme brulee, in a sea of wonderful butterscotch sauce (made from real scotch...mind=blown) with the perfect amount of ice cream and little crunchy seeds for texture. Whoa. Just whoa.   All this, and the bill was like 65$... that's wonderful! We could come and not get drinks and not get grits and it would be an affordable dinner, which is the best part, because I want to go back.... like right now.
I went here last night with a party of 4.  I couldn't believe how crowded this place was for being 8pm on a Tuesday.  We didn't want to wait 30 minutes for a table inside so we sat on the patio.  It was hot as heck outside but they had an AC unit out there and it actually wasn't bad at all.  We didn't order any drinks but I am for sure next time.  I have to try one of their margaritas.    Here is a rundown of the eats:  *Chips = fresh and perfectly salted  *Salsa = just eh - it had almost no spice and tasted too tomato pasty for me  *Guacamole = phenomenal - they make it table side and you can make it exactly how you like it which in my case was with all the fixins' and spicy - it was awesome, just awesome  * Poblano Grits = creamy and delicious  * Street Corn = o-m-g - this was my favorite.  I could probably eat buckets of the stuff.  The sauce stuff they put on it is just amazing creamy spicy goodness.  Probably not too healthy though but it doesn't matter because it was fantastic.  * Tacos (I tried the chicken, steak and squash) = very very good.  The only problem is that they were tiny.  They are literally 2 inches in diameter and at over 4 bucks a pop (you get 3) it kind of pissed me off.  I know it is more than enough food but it still angered me.  Anyway, each one I had was excellent.  The meat was perfectly flavored and juicy and all the ingredients on the taco worked well together.  I also loved our waiter.  He was very friendly, funny and engaging.  He was so passionate about the place and its food it was almost as if he was the owner or had a stake in the place.  Enough said.  I cannot wait to return.  I'm still pissed about the size and price of those tacos though.
Great chips and guacamole!  Wonderful tacos and salmon.  Good wine list.  A bit pricey for the quantities.  Will continue to go back and take friends.
To be fair, the first time that I went to The Mission a couple of months ago, it was a 3-star experience.  The food was well prepared and nicely presented.  It could have been 4-stars, but the tacos were sadly small for the price.  Last week's experience was a real let down.  I took my family for a Latin dining experience and was sadly disappointed.  Being an arepa lover, I was excited to partake in the experience with my loved ones.  When we arrived, we were told that arepas were no longer part of the menu, although they were still on the menu :-(  They are now serving the sandwiches that were served on arepas, on the torta bread.  The server was apologetic, but frankly, after driving 40 miles to get this specific menu item and checking the on-line menu before making the trip, I was not happy.  The pabellon filling was very good, but again, a let down without the arepa.  To add insult to injury, when the sandwiches were served, they did not bring Mission fries on the plate, because according to the bus boy, the menu changed when the sandwich was no longer served on the arepa, and it no longer was served with the fries.  The server quickly righted this issue and offered us fries on the house.  There are some high points to the experience: the setting is very pretty and the service is attentive.  The chorizo and papas appetizer is delicious and something worth ordering when you go.
A really fantastic restaurant experience!  Great food, great service, great ambiance  hands down the BEST hand made guacamole on the planet  Modern Mexican food with flair and thought.  make no mistake this place is NOT one of the too many tourist trap places in Old Town
Great food and a good place to go after the Old Town Farmers' Market.  The guacamole is delicious and not over-rated. They know how to make a great margarita here!
Omg swoon!!!! Best food I've had since moving here from San Francisco actually made me feel like I was back in my familiar foodie scene in s.f now where are the shots of jager... Oh shit right I don't work here just eating here.  Ok so here I go I had the diver scallops.... Amazeballs!!!! They were grilled to perfection not at all over cooked which happens all too often with scallops! Had grille octopus on top and serano ham slices that I think were flashed fried... On top of a delicious sauce. Seriously I would injure someone for another serving. Also a great selection of wine which I'm always a fan of. We all shared the espresso churros came with a milkshake that used all my will power not to try (lactose intolerant and all) boo for that btw. Anyways I'm not a dessert person but damn those were tasty deliciousness! Coffee press with dessert too coffee was amazing I'm still on a coffee high. So this is why my friends won't let me drink coffee after 3... It's  all coming full circle now. :)  Totally try this place out! Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm yummy in my tummy!
amazing chips n salsa, pork belly app and pazole are favorites of mine. atmosphere is great! a great stop for a step above normal mexican expierence!
Want experience the perfect evening with friends in old Scottsdale - go here and nowhere else!!  This place has it together on every category. Service, ambiance, drinks, presentation, deserts, etc. Everything we ordered was very creative, fun and fresh. Not a cheap date but treat yourself to this one.
this place is fantastic. fresh ingredients, authentic with a twist. can't go wrong with this line-up:  Guacamole: chunky haas avocado + jalapeno + cilantro + sea salt + lime  Mahi Mahi Tacos: battered mahi mahi + citrus escabeche + olive crema  Green Chile Duck Confit: cheesy fried hominy + smoked mushrooms + sultana serrano peanut mole  enjoy!
Waited 45 minutes for our reservation even though other tables sat unoccupied waiting for large groups. manager's body (bald man) was so bad we almost left out of sheer nausea.  he offered us drinks and a starter to compensate us, but they ended up on the bill anyways.  overall food was decent but cold. only saving grace is guacamole and our server , marlena.   just another overpriced scottsdale hangout which doesnt deliver.
We have been meaning to try The Mission for awhile, and we were extremely impressed. We are self-professed foodies, good cooks, etc. Let's start with the fact that they seated us promptly at our reservation time, and that reservation had only been made that day.....surprising, because the place was packed!! Alfonso was our waiter, and he was awesome and didn't hesitate to make suggestions that we were happy to add to our dinner. First, the margaritas. ....this place knows how to pour, and they are fresh  - the only way we will drink them. Next - there are only 3 places in Phoenix that can make good table-side guacamole, and this is the best of them. Alfonso suggested a fried pork belly/cola reduction appetizer that I had to be talked into. OMG....heaven, and such a complex blend of flavors that the sweet, crunchiness of the pork belly can only be described as "worth it" if you are balking at the issue of pork belly. Entree: we chose the Chorizo Porchetta and the Scallops. Both were excellent and may I say that the timing of each course was unbelievably prompt. We never waited and yet didn't feel rushed. Dessert: I confess that I read the dessert menu first before making dinner decisions, and while other reviews loved the selections ...I wasn't blown away. The churros were small and dough-y, and the milkshake was just to heavy/sweet after a meal.....better to fill the churros with a cheese and serve them warm on dulce de leche ice cream. Fried bananas didn't excite me either. Bananas are bananas..... The pumpkin bread pudding seemed heavy and Autumn-like for a 110 degree day in Arizona and did not compliment the Latin flavors of the dinner. I feel their dessert menu needs to be expanded in a way that compliments their cuisine....some citrus sorbet, chocolate-with-red-chile cake, lime cheesecake. At any rate, I still give them the full Monty on stars!!! Most recent visit: the food was just as great, but we weren't as blown away by the ambiance. We were seated at a table for two on the back wall. My elbow literally kept bumping the gentleman to my left and the conversation to the right of us (a party of four) was literally so close that it inhibited us from having much conversation of our own. Also, the restaurant is SOOO dark you would think they would notice when FOUR neighboring tables are all using their cell phones/flashlight apps to read the menu.
Came here with some friends for dinner, and were thoroughly impressed.  Would've given it 5 stars.... not sure why I'm not...?  Started with Blood Orange margaritas.... my friend ordered mine frozen, prefer the rocks much more.  More flavor, less brain freeze...  Could drown in a bowl of the table-side Guac.  As others have stated before, perfect combination, spicy without compromising flavor.  Had the lamb appetizer, tender, juicy, and delicious, and after devouring a ton of chips was enough to fill me up, but my hubby had the diver scallops, and was still hungry... tastes great, less filling.  Our friends RAVED about the chicken dinner, personally I can't order chicken when I go out to eat.  No matter how good it may be, I feel like I should eat something more exotic.  Ambiance is everything.  Uber cool spanish decor with a splash of classy flair. Dark, loud, and super sexy.  Fun for dinner with friends, or a hot date.
This is not some super authentic Traditional Mexican restaraunt, it's a sophisticated fusion of a variety of latin influences It's a 4.25 star meal!  Chorizo Porchetta was  interesting and delicious !  it's not classic Porchetta or a chorizo you'd find in East LA or  the king of Porcetta (Rolo Roti!). Vegetables Tacos were as good as one could expect. Try the grits with the horseradish. The Pork belly appetizers stood out Punmpkin bread pudding!!! Listen to your waiter.... Very friendly staff.  Portions are delicate and small and prices aren't low, but hopefully you are not looking for a "mexican all you can eat"  Only flaw... it is dark... I think the visual experience on this type of food is important...its lost but still a must when in Phoenix/Scottsdale.  .
This review is based on how we were treated, not the food because we didn't actually get to eat.   Called on the afternoon of July 9th and they said no reservations were open. I asked if they take walk ins and they said yes, but to expect a wait of about 45 minutes.   We showed up at 7 expecting to wait. The hostess told us that they had no tables until 9pm. That is when their first open reservation would be.   I asked if we could wait at the bar as walk ins and told them that I had called earlier about that exact thing. She basically said 'too bad' and that we would have to wait til 9 unless we wanted to eat outside on the patio (nobody was outside in this heat).   I have heard this place is good, but the hostess was quite rude with her tone and basically told us to leave.    It seems that this place could benefit from some additional training to make sure that all of the hostesses are on the same page.
This marked our 2nd venture dining on Sunday Pork Tacos and we have loved it both times.  Great deal at $16 for all the pork tacos you can eat (until they run out).  Tecate in the can runs $2 on Sundays (fantastic).  Great food, atmosphere and service.  First time trying the guacamole.  Good Night!  Outstanding.  Literally, the best I've had be it in a restaurant or elsewhere.  Their chips and salsa are also excellent.  Get in try this place out.  One of our favorites.
I swoon over this place every time!  Let me say this: If you're in downtown Scottsdale as a local or out of towner (like me) it's a must dine.  Decor:  Outside really does look like a pre-historic mission, but the inside looks like it's been gutted out to be placed with modern decor while still holding onto a "missionary" style.    Food:  I absolutely love the guacamole and I'm not even a guacamole fan.  It has a nice balance of spice and limeness which compliments the fatty goodness of guacamole.  I opted for the shrimp chipotle skewers and they were delish!  Plump, spicy, and dipping sauce was awesomeness!  They have dipping sauce that leaves your mouth with a mini burn sensation which I strangely enjoy.  When I'm in town, I make it a point to have @ least one team dinner @ Mission Inn weekly.   All I can say is my taste buds dances with joy at Mission Inn.
This place is amazing. Great place to bring a group of friends.   Food: Is exceptional. The portions are very small and it is a little pricy but from a Scottsdale Restaurant I expect no less. I had the Mai Mai Tacos and they were just so full of flavor. Beer battered fish with an array of spices cooked to perfection. Their guacamole is superb. Absolutely to die for. And coming from Southern California that says a lot. The pumpkin bread pudding was exquisite. It had a cinnamon butter type of sauce and it made my taste buds fall in love.   Service: Our Servers were great! Wonderful happy peopled that really seemed to enjoy there job. Bartenders as well were super nice. Everyone was very hospitable and made our group feel very welcomed.   Atmosphere: This restaurant is gorgeous! Old mission style on the outside, modern, fancy art decor inside with subtle mission feel inside as well. The patio outside was beautiful! We had a fan that kept all of us cool and was not too loud.   Everyone in our group of six had a blast and I will recommend this place to everyone who visits Scottsdale.
If you want to have a nice relaxing meal you better find some place else because you are on the clock at this place apparently.  We were asked to give up our table after an hour and 5 - 10 minutes to accomodate a bigger group (and obviously a bigger check).  Between the bottle of wine , an appetizer, and the main course I feel we were moving along at a very normal dining pace but not to them, I guess.  FIrst and last time there.
The Mission is one of my favorite restaurants!  I LOVE the food!!!!  I have been here several times and have never had a bad experience. I have had almost everything on the menu and never been disappointed.  How does one go wrong with the atmosphere/decor, friendly staff and last but not least the best food.   Must haves: Prima rita, table side guacamole, steak tacos (my fav!!!), bread pudding:)   If you are looking for a great atmosphere, fun night, date night , or just a place with flavor...look no further!! I recommend this place!!! If only there were more places like this....  Love for the mission!!!
Is there less than a star rating?  Met a group of 10 people at this restaurant for a friend's birthday.  First impressions were good.  It is a lovely old-world mission style building with a warm glowing Himalayan salt wall to illuminate the dining area.  Sounds amazing.  I was sold at first site.    Service seemed accommodating and eager.  The server kept asking if we wanted shots and we all declined, it was way too early to get the birthday girl that intoxicated before dinner, right?  Food was nicely displayed, minimal portions but filling and tasty.  The server asked if we wanted dessert.  We declined.  It was time to finish our wine and think about our next destination while enjoying each others company.   Suddenly, three to four dessert plates are delivered to our table.  Hhhmm, who ordered this?  It was a big table, I assumed someone wanted to share the full course dining experience.  I didn't think to inquire further.  The server again, asks if we want to do shots.  yea, no dude.  Stop with the shots.  Not interested.  A few minutes later a tray of shots shows up....Weird!  Nobody seemed interested the last few times our server asked.  But here they are so bottoms up  The bills arrives approximately $800.  Tips included.  Wow.  Okay, we split it.  We continue to consume our drinks and talk.  Minutes later, the manager ( I assume since we hadn't been graced with his presence prior to this event)  comes to our table to encourage us to leave as the restaurant is filling and they need the table.  Really?  Are you Eff-ing kidding me.  We just dropped almost a grand and have been served a full course meal and you want us to wrap it up.    Outside we are discussing this last event and our dining experience... come to find out, no one in our party ever ordered the desserts or shots!!!  Holy server manipulating and pocket padding scandal!!!   What did I expect?  Ventured into Scottsdale. The land of taking advantage.
The mission is my absolute new favorite restaurant!  The food and service is awesome!!  It is also has an incredibly beautiful atmosphere.  You walk in to find a glowing wall of salt rock, which puts a soft glow into the entire restaurant, very romantic.  We made a reservation, which I would strongly suggest.  We got to sit down very quickly.  I think it is great that they take reservations for a party of any size!  Not really all that common these days.  We started with the quacamole and it was excellent!  I also had the primarita, which was made with fresh squeezed limes and agave necter.  Delicious and low cal :)  We, also had the cripsy pork, and halibut as suggested by our server.   Everything was amazing!  Overall, our experience was great!  Friendly and attentive staff, beautiful atmosphere and delicious food!  Can't wait to go back!
I hate going to Scottsdale.  Too crowded, too snooty, and too far.  But I love The Mission.  Yes the ambience is nice, the people are beautiful and the service is great, but its the food that has brought me here four times in two months.  The posole and sope de elote are great, I mean really good.  The almejas al vapor was okay but not my preference.  I've had the mahi mahi, the pork shoulder, each twice, and they were both delicious.  Save room for dessert.  It's worth it!   This isn't a place for skinny chicks who want a salad.  Bring an appetite, but also bring a few bucks because this place ain't cheap.    Make reservations or suffer a very long wait, even in the heat of the summer.
The 5 stars here are basically just for the bartender, Mike.  He's a magician.  He made some phenomenal drinks that we'd never tasted before.  He also threw in a few samples when we weren't sure what we wanted.  The food was great as well. The chicken tacos were excellent as well as the grilled corn.  This place is a no brainer. You have to go here.  The cougars were out in full force, but it's definitely a place for the late 20's crowd as well.
I came here unexpectedly for my birthday dinner. I was plesantly surprised. We had the table side guacamole, the scallops, Pollo a la Brasa, and the fish tacos. All outstanding! For dessert the brought out bread pudding. It was so flipping yummy I could have bathed in it. Will go back to try everything else.
Mission: Delicious Latin tapas and beautiful french Decor make this place lavish and fun...I love sitting at the bar and having fun with friends or sitting in dining area for a romantic date.Every plate might be small in quanity but packs the most flavorful indulgence with quality :0) One of my top 3 places in all Scottsdale!
Good place to take a girlfriend or spouse.  It is a little pricey for the amount of food you get, but the quality is high.  I had the chorizo porchetta which was amazing.  The scallops are bomb as well.  Make sure you get the guacamole.  They make it right at your table and how you want it.  I felt bad i didnt have cash on me to tip the guy so if you plan to order that it probably would be a good idea to throw a couple bills his way.  we tried the churros, they were ok but i think we should of gone with the fried bananas instead.  The service was great, very attentive and informative.
When we get the coveted and rare date night, we almost always try to hit up The Mission. That means we've been here four times since we became parents a year ago. First up, the guac is a must must must! It's some of the best guac I've ever had. Seriously, I have dreams about it. I could bath in it. And I may, if they ever let me.  Secondly, the drink menu changes fairly often and although a lot them are on the sweeter side (not my fav), they do have one that I've fallen in love with. Avocado margarita- they have a fancy name for it, but it's an avocado margarita. And it's one of the best drinks in town. It may sound weird, but I'm asking you to try it because if you have taste buds, you'll be happy you did. Third on the list is the pork belly dish. Just eat it. That is all. And lastly is the halibut. I've had this dish the last two times we've eaten here and I will have it again. The sauce they give you to pour over the dish...oh, the sauce. I would have poured it directly into my mouth if it wasn't frowned upon in Scottsdale. The killer food is a great compliment to the awesome ambiance (love the chandeliers!) and the people watching. Make a reservation- the secret's out!
OK, I went to The Mission when they first opened.  I was not impressed by their menu, or by my dinner there that evening.  I eat out every day, but never returned.  Fast forward to today.  I was headed somewhere else, but they were closed for the Labor day holiday.  There were cars parked in front of The Mission (as there generally are) so I decided that perhaps I had been hasty in my original opinion.  Perhaps it was because I arrived after 3:00 when they only serve a limited menu, but I tried the brisket sandwich.  The experience didn't start off bad...it was kind of flavorful and interesting, until I realized that what I was chewing on was mostly fat.  The $12 sandwich was mostly not brisket (coleslaw and such), and the brisket that it contained was very fatty meat.  The second half of the sandwich was so greasy that I passed on the saturated bread and picked through the contents...coleslaw and fat.  No third chance for this restaurant.
So, we didn't have a good experience the first time we tried to go, but we really wanted to give this place a second shot.  We made reservations about 2 weeks in advance to make sure that we were all set.  At first I was a little put off because when the hostess called to confirm the reservation she said that "typically, parties of 4 take about an hour and a half to eat. Will that be enough time for you?"  I was stunned because nobody has ever asked how long my dinner is going to take, especially when we make a reservation.  So, we showed up last night with a little bit of a chip on our shoulder about what the dining experience would be like.  It turns out that the entire evening was fantastic.  Our server, Rachel, was spectacular.  She took the time to go over the entire menu since we had never been there before.  She answered all of our questions about the dishes and made some wonderful suggestions.  Everything that we ordered was top notch!  The guacamole was probably some of the best that we have ever had.  The tostada was fantastic along with the crispy pork served in the lettuce (will definitely get that again).  The steak tacos were delicious as well.  Definitely get the street corn, it is out of this world!  We will definitely go back to try some of the other dishes (and we will definitely make a reservation in advance).  By the way, we were at our table for about 2 hours and not once did anyone come by and try to pressure us to leave.
We had brunch here and everything we tried was delicious. I t was a tad pricey for what it was. And even though I found the food to be tasty, I think it kept me from going back a second time during our visit. We thought that for that $$, there are tons of other delicious spots to try.
My 3 year old (going on 10) daughter accompanied myself and a friend from out of town last Thursday ( around 7:30 pm).  There was a 45 minute wait for seating inside: we opted for the patio.  The ambiance is great in and out! I loved it!  The staff (hostess, server, busers & manager) were all VERY attentive! Service is outstanding!   I want to emphasize how AMAZING our server was!   She was so attentive to my daughter's needs: which, was a wonderful surprise seeing as it's not really a child friendly restaurant (would have never known by the star treatment our server gave her)! My daughter had a good time and enjoyed her specially made dinner at the request of our server!   Last,but not least, the food was delicious!  :)
I can't say enough about The Mission! The table side guacamole was amazingly flavorful... Chunky, spicy, great flavor. I had the pork shoulder tacos and my husband had the skirt steak tacos. Both had really great flavor and texture. We also had the street corn... The best corn, I've ever had! The buttery cotija cheese sauce drizzled over the corn was spicy and really added a unique flavor that was delicious. The service was prompt and friendly, too. We sat at the bar and had a great time. We will definitely go back! Give it a try... It's worth it!
Awesome food, great ambiance, friendly service.  All in all the perfect dining experience.    Try the Peruvian Stew and the steak Tacos.  They are perfect.  The best food in AZ.
Ideally, I'd like to give this restaurant 4.5 stars, but I went ahead and gave it 5 because I still have faith in the place!  Let me explain...   I went to the Mission for the first time back at the beginning of July on a Sunday evening.  Upon entering, I was immediately enthralled with ambience of the place.  I loved the gothic yet romantic mood that was set by the decor and lighting.  The place was so packed on a Sunday night, that my boyfriend and I had to squeeze into a corner spot at the bar, not ideal seating, but that minor detail soon lost any importance once the friendly bartender began providing us with tasty and refreshing margaritas and extensive knowledge of the menu.    We began our meal with the guacamole.  I like to think of myself as a guacamole snob, (I modestly claim to make some of the best guacamole around...) and the guacamole here is superb.  Not bland at all, full of flavor, and I love the additions of pepitas and cotija cheese sprinkled on top.  The salsa, how i typically judge a Mexican restaurant worth its salt, was super smoky and delicious, not at all watery.  Now, for the main event, the Duck Carnitas Empanadas.  My boyfriend and I both agreed that we had never in our lives tasted something so completely and originally delicious.  They were a revelation.   Now, I suppose any restaurant would have a hard time living up to the hype and standards of such an outstanding first experience for two diners. With that being said, after having raved on and on about The Mission to fellow foodies and friends, my boyfriend and I took my bestie out to dinner so she could experience the food for herself.  The salsa paled in comparison to the batch we had devoured the first time.  The smoky flavor that we loved so much was simply no where to be found.  We ordered the duck empanadas with anticipation, knowing that there was no way these could disappoint.  Unfortunately, we were wrong.  They didn't excite me or my boyfriend the way they had the first time. We were both so giddy about savoring these genius pockets of poultry, but left feeling sorely disappointed.   So my point is this: the food is still delicious and inventive enough to give The Mission a try, but in my experience, it's just somewhat inconsistent.  Perhaps the chef who works on Sunday nights cooks with a little more love and patience.  My first time dining at The Mission was so memorable that I will definitely return in the future, I'll just make sure it's on a Sunday evening.
Luckily my wife was with me or I would have given the mission 1 star based on my meal.  I was served one of the worst meals I've ever ordered in a restaurant.  I order a chicken entree from what I thought was a nice restaurant, not a pub. The server placed a large plate in front of me, it had a gigantic pile of fries and 4 pieces of chicken laid on top. The chicken was covered in a ketchup flavored BBQ sauce. That's it... It was comical that the chef actually thought of this meal. I wouldn't serve it to my 5 year old...   My wife ordered the tacos and out of desperation I reached over and grabbed a taco. It was amazing! I couldn't believe the same restaurant would serve 2 completely different meals. I don't get it.   Moral of my story is if you go to Mission which has a good ambiance and feel...just don't order the chicken entree! And if the chef reads this, please take that off your menu.
Stopped in here for drinks during "happy hour"  and there seems not to be one here. Not quite sure if they think they are too good for it. I dont mind spending $12 on a drink if its worth it but um...their drinks are 4 sips and $12. Their Margarita was blech too.. sorry Mission wont go back! didnt give it 1 star b/c the food looks promising.
Great spot for good food and great drinks! We sat at the bar and had few Mission margaritas which was great. Then we had the guacamole , table side. It is delicious but not enough for four people. I had the hanger steak ! It was cooked perfect ! I would definitely recommend it!
WOW!! The Mission is incredible. One of the top 5 restaurants in all of Phoenix if you ask me. They hit on all cylinders, the food is awesome (try the pork shoulder) the ambiance is beautiful and inviting, the staff is knowledgable and attractive and the bar has great cocktails. Wine list could be a little more diverse but all in all one of the best places i've dined in Arizona. If you haven't been here you must go. Great place to have a nice dinner or take a date.
Great atmosphere and really friendly bar staff. They light the place up with candles every night. The food is great and the only reason I didn't give them a 5 star is because the drinks were a little pricy for what you get.
I absolutely loved this place. Terrific food, service. Outside seating, wow. Really fantastic, fresh, fun.
On a tip from our concierge when asking "Where can I get the best guacamole", the only response we received was "The Mission". Located in Scottsdale, this restaurant is dark, sexy and delicious. Inside, the decor is ambient and moody. Outside on the patio, its dimly lit and warm with the fireplace going. The table side guacamole is amazing and quite possibly that best Ive had. The food is creative and delicious. Try the butternut squash tacos and honey chipotle grits! The service is professional and overall, this place is perfect for people watching as well. I highly recommend The Mission, you wont regret it!
I came here yesterday with my friend for lunch.  As of now I will give The Mission 4.5 stars out of 5 only because we did not have any entrees, we split several appetizers, so I can't give that extra half star or even maybe take that half star away.     We split the brisket torta, which was heavenly.  After my first bite I was in love.  The aji amarillo sauce I could spread all over everything I eat.  Next we had the Almejas Al Vapor and all I have to say is that this soup is transcendental.  I have never tasted anything like this before.  The broth is a yellow pepper base and I never knew you could get this type of sublime flavor from a yellow pepper.  Clams, rock shrimp, chorizo, pan de yucca, aji amarillo, and roast corn.  Please bring me more of this delicious soup!!!     Then our bartender / waiter brought us out a complimentary order of the grilled street corn.  I do have to say that I am not a fan of spicy food whatsoever but the chile paprika and cojita sauce was done so tastefully that I extremely enjoyed it.     The decor, is intimate.  This is a place you would love to take someone to impress them.  Candle holders carved out of Peruvian sea salt, a classy act right there.  Somber atmosphere, at tentative and attractive waitstaff.  Attractive food and an all around great time.  I will be back soon and if not for anything but the soup I will be a very, very happy man.
This place is fabulous! The food, the drinks, the decor, the service.... Minus one star because they were out of pozole soup. However we had the tecate skirt steak tacos, chipotle Caesar salad, Chorizo porchetta... Highly recommended. Definitely plan on returning for some pork shoulder tacos!
Went here for the first time for a bachelorette party.  Loved the decor.  Loved the service.     Street Corn was amazing. I could literally just eat that corn all night long.   Tableside guac was great. Also had a chipotle ceasar and steak tacos.  The steak was amazingly tender.  I wish the tacos were a little more flavorful, though.  I would love to go here for a date night, as well.
I took a trip from the NY metro area to Phoenix this weekend and local took me here to get a taste of "real" Mexican food. I'm pleased to report that the food here is worth a try when you're in town.   The restaurant had a wonderful atmosphere, whereas it was dimly lit and had a ton of strategically placed candles. It really made me fee like I was in Phoenix.   For those of you who've tried Dos Comino's in NYC, Mission is right up there with them. The guacamole was made table side but was a little too spicy even though we asked for medium. Even with the extreme spice it tasted extremely fresh and authentic had the crispy pork belly appetizer and shared the pork shoulder entree with a friend. The corn tortillas were fresh and the pork was fork tender.   They had negro modello on TAP which I've never seen in the northeast. I ended up dropping $50 on the meal but I thought it was well work it. This place is by no means a hole in the wall southwest US Mexican food restaurant and it knows it.
Loved the courtyard with the fireplace.  Service was excellent.  Guacamole was fantastic and whipped up table side.   One dish was salmon on salad (special order for my wife).  Second main course was filet which was good but the sauce prepared with it was way too salty and is disguised the taste of the meat.   Overall though our best dining experience in Scottsdale this trip.  Time your reservation to sit outside and enjoy the sunset.
If you are 21 and don't know what good food is, but want to drink with your friends in a loud room, this is your spot.  "Soulless Mexican food" is the only way I can describe The Mission.  We had some tacos and guacamole that were expensive and really mediocre.  Drinks were fine but nothing great.  We sat in the courtyard patio area and busboys and waiters hovered annoyingly over our table for the duration of the evening.  It took ten minutes for us to be seated even though we had reservations and the restaurant was half empty.  I don't understand the appeal here at all.  Only way to justify the one star rating is the outdoor fireplace.
Having heard Phoenix dining doesn't often extend past 10pm I was admittedly surprised by the people waiting out the door but judging from the number of halter-tops and guys wearing sun glasses at night I quickly realized that The Mission was not all about "dining" after all and on my new friend's arrival we exchanged greetings and made our way through the crowd, across the patio, and into the dimly lit room.  Setting prejudices aside and deciding to let the food do the talking I was pleasantly surprised.  Full review with pictures is in my blog, highlight dishes are below:  With the kitchen moving surprisingly quickly despite (or perhaps because of) the late hour it would be perhaps fifteen minutes before our first course of the evening would arrive and although something I'd not have traditionally ordered the Almejas Al Vapor would prove to be well worth its "best in the valley" designation.  Described as Peruvian in origin and served in a large low-bowl along with dense "pan de yucca" bread with a good sponge for dipping this complex amalgam of spicy aji Amarillo chile powder, tender clam stew, rock shrimp, chorizo, roast corn, basil, garlic, and turmeric was everything its ingredients suggested and then some - hot and spicy, smoky and garlicky, sweet but saline, and all the while complex without being overwhelming.  While I personally could have stood for just a bit less salt and a touch more sweet to temper the spice this was a small quibble balanced nicely by the sweet rolls.  For the second of this round of appetizers my favorite plate of the meal would be presented as "Duck Carnitas Empanada," an invariably upscale take on the traditional empanada with a golden flaky shell harboring orange glazed duck confit and an admixture of habaneros, mushrooms, cilantro, and queso Oaxaca.  Delectable on its own but certainly open to further adornment the empanada was subsequently topped with a chunk of seared foie gras and finally with a foie fortified queso Oaxaca pan sauce and a drizzle of tamarind oil with the end result sweet, savory, and totally decadent.  Left with a bit more time to digest and a lot less noise as the restaurant's population had literally dwindled by half a mere forty-five minutes after we were seated the final savory of the evening would arrive just after 11pm and as I was doing the ordering it just so happened to be a second round of my favorite fowl, this time the "Green Chile Duck Confit."  Ample in portion and more so in flavor this pile of two legs and two thighs featured a whole lot of duck for the dollar but unfortunately was just a bit less crispy than one would have hoped - a small quibble as it was not greasy, but not "textbook" confit by any means.  Again spicy without being "hot" the duck subsequently topped with sultana serrano peanut mole and paired on the plate with savory "cheesy fried hominy" that tasted something like a cross between popcorn and corn nuts plus smoked mushrooms to help ground the rest of the flavors.  For dessert The Mission's Pumpkin Bread Pudding with Scotch, Caramel, Pepitas, Pomeganate, and Chipotle seasonings was quite outstanding.  Beginning first with the pudding, almost a steamed sticky pudding in texture, the flavor of the pumpkin, cinnamon, and clove was present in spades and the scotch tones blended nicely with the sweet caramel giving it all a heavy handed boozy bite.  With a touch of spice from the chipotle cooled by quickly melting dulce de leche ice cream I additionally found a lot of appeal in the pumpkin seeds and pomegranate with their respective salty and sweet crunch adding some texture.  A modest tab, particularly when split, we opted to divide the bill down the middle and with that we made our way to the streets where, as I'd been told, few people were to be found at 11:30pm even on a Saturday.  Saying our goodbyes I made my way to my car satisfied with my meal at the Mission and realizing that perhaps my bias against "scene restaurants" was a bit unfounded, much like my preconceptions about "Southwest cuisine" - a fitting conclusion to my first trip to Arizona and a bit of reassurance that I could undoubtedly live here.  Sure the city shuts down early but to be completely honest by the time we left The Mission it was already nearly 2 hours after my typical bedtime anyway.
I really had an amazing experience when visiting friends in AZ  and we went here.  My friend had been here before and we actually got the same experienced and fantastic server.  Elisha, in addition to being the cutest little thing ever, was knowledgeable and knew when to check in and offer suggestions.  We got the Elderflower Paloma cocktail and the Ginger Cilantro drink both delicious and not overpowering.  Food wise we split appetizers which was perfect for a night of drinking.  Not too much but also not too little so that we were drunk stumbling around looking for a taco truck at 2 am.    We ordered the crisp pork belly placed artistically on little gem lettuce cups.  They had a coca cola glaze and were crispy on the outside but still soft on the inside.  We also got the chicken empanada a delightful and flavorful burst of tastiness on a crisp handcooked shell.  Also a highlight was the tableside guacamole.  The busboy brings over a cart and mixes all the magic at the table and asks what your preference is from mild to hot.  He created a zesty and spicy but not overpowering medium to hot guac that made our chips disappear in no time!  Simple things like management presence and the constant refill of my water glass made me appreciate the well oiled machine that is The Mission.  The ambiance is old meets new (of course it's in an old mission) with dimly lit candles and modern southwestern decor that makes it ideal for a date, casual dinner, drinks at the bar, or small gathering.  I would definitely go back next time I am in Scottsdale!  Prices aren't cheap but are well worth a great meal with great service.
The Mission is a great place to come for a fancier Mexican meal. The atmosphere is trendy and fun, there are a ton of drink options, and the food is quite good. I had:  - Tableside Guacamole: Rather overpriced at $12 for 1 avocado's worth of mush but perfectly delicious. Everything tastes very fresh and it had the prefect amount of citrus, garlic, cilantro, and spice.  - Butternut Squash Tacos: Yummy! I was nervous that the squash would be too sweet but the flavors ended up working very well together and it was a satisfying savory dish. This is the only vegetarian entree, but I don't think vegetarians suffer with this delicious dish. It isn't all that big so definitely order an appetizer or additional side. - White Bean Puree: Super delicious and kind of like an awesome mexican take on hummus.  - Espresso Churros with Milkshake: Awesome dessert. I hate coffee flavored desserts and thankfully this one didn't taste a thing like espresso. The churros are warm and soft and taste good on their own or paired with the milkshake. The milkshake is basically a vanilla version of mexican hot chocolate with strong notes of cinnamon and other spices.  I definitely recommend the Mission as a place to bring a date, your girlfriends, your parents, basically anyone you like.
Sooo good! Cool place. Guacamole is expensive and not the best. They do make it in front of you which is neat.
I went here for dinner the other night and was pleasantly surprised. I was dining alone, but the patio with the fireplace was a nice quiet place to hang out, read a book on my Kindle, and have some tasty food. The prices were a bit crazy. I'm used to excellent restaurants that have talented chefs, but I thought the prices were a bit much. I ordered a Margarita. It was $14. I expected more than 2 oz. of Margarita in an 8 oz. glass FULL OF ICE. It was an OK Margarita, but not worth $14. Chicken soup was very tasty, and the Chipotle Caesar had interesting flavors.   So, apart from the ridiculously overpriced drink, I think it's a perfectly nice place to eat. Be prepared to spend about $50 per person (minimum). Unless you just have an entree and a glass of water.
Would have given them 3 1/2 - food was four star but service made them lose some.  Gracious hostess who sat us right away at a table near the bar.  Really lovely room and interesting, eclectic blend of Southwestern and other styles.  Lighting was very complimentary to all - gotta love that!  Good margaritas, delicious skirt steak tacos, the white bean purée was fabulous as were the green beans.  And the pumpkin bread pudding was one of best desserts I've had in some time.  So what was wrong?  Service was so rushed I felt like there was a timer on the back of our chairs.  Message was loud and clear - hurry up and eat and get out!!!
For our anniversary my wife and I decided to try The Mission to see it would live up to the hype. First impression when walking through the door is that it was a bit loud. But it being a Friday night we were necessarily surprised. Had made reservations and were nearly immediately seated with wait staff being very attentive even with all the chaos around. The decor is quite stunning. While humble from the outside, the inside is modern and classy. They also have an outdoor area with heat lamps and blankets for those who do not mind the frigid Scottsdale weather.   We noticed some of the tables around us just ordering drinks and a few appetizers as their entrees, kind of tapas-like, rather than ordering from the A La Plancha (grilled on metal plate) versus the A La Parilla (from the bbq or hot coal) part of the menu. It seemed almost obligatory that most diners ordered the table-side made guacamole. And it appears that to get chips and salsa you have to order the guacamole. My wife and I really did not come to The Mission to eat chips and guacamole so we decided to pass. Also it seemed a bit steep in price at $12, though diners around us seemed to be enjoying it.   In regards to the food and drinks menu, items are a bit pricey, but in retrospect on our meal I feel it was rather reasonable. The drink prices probably could use a small bump down, but being in Downtown Scottsdale I feel overpriced drinks are the norm (unfortunately). My wife and I ordered a couple Margaritas. I had the classic Mission and she had the Blood Orange. We followed up by ordering the Mini Chicken Tostadas and the Pork Belly Pibil as our appetizer. The Tostadas were a bit small but packed with flavor. The Pork Belly Pibil, however, stole my heart. A fairly sizeable chunk of pork belly slow roasted and served with pickled onions atop and a avocado cream and banana habenero aioli. The cream and aioli complimented the fatty pork belly, which I could literally eat as my meal alone. Probably one of the best Pork Belly dishes I have had. If you like fatty pork, you must order this.   We continued our unhealthy eating habits by ordering the Chorizo Porchetta and the Creekstone Filet. Filet was cooked well at medium-rare with proper seasoning and nice accompanying sauce on the plate. The Chorizo Porchetta nearly sent me into palpitations. They took pork and stuffed chorizo in it. It sounds grotesque, but it tasted incredible, albeit a little overwhelming as we had just had pork belly and steak.   Throwing caution to the wind, we finished with the Espresso Churros, which is served with a milkshake. It was a perfect dessert to share between us. We managed to finish everything but we both found ourselves completely full afterwards.   The waitstaff was attentive, providing us with complimentary tastes of frozen watermelon margaritas between our appetizer and main course. We never had to find them or ask for more water which was again was a pleasant surprise given how busy it actually was. After all the food and drinks we ended up with a bill about $110 between the two of us, which I think is pretty reasonable for the food, drink and dining experience. I think you could possibly get away with the bill being considerably less, as we did order a bit too much food. Also the drinks we ordered were alone around $30. (Side note: they also have pork shoulder tacos, which is actually for two. Its about $32 total and according to the waiter you get a large slow roasted pork shoulder, and unlimited tortillas and sides to make tacos. It reminded me of the family style pork dish at Momofuku in NYC. Definitely will be trying this in the future.) Hands down my favorite restaurant in Scottsdale thus far.
I have to preface this review by saying that I have never written a review, let alone a negative one.  However, after the response of the owner, I am happily writing this review. That being said....Food poisoning is a key indicator of extreme health code violations. Mission, if you read this, clean your kitchen, make sure employees who prep food in your kitchen wash their hands, wear gloves, and make sure your food is fresh and stored properly. I ordered a salad and table side guacamole. About 30 minutes later I had to go home. Cutting straight to the point, I spent Thanksgiving eve and day projectile vomiting the contents of my stomach. Went to the doctor, positive for food poisoning.  My friend was extremely ill also.  My parents were dining with a friend who was with the owner of Mission (at Tommy V's which I recommend to anyone as it is a professional and CLEAN environment with great food.) The friend informed him of my food poisoning from dining in his restaurant and his response was, "well, eating out is dangerous." REALLY?!!!!!! Thankfully for this rude and inconsiderate man, I am not an elderly person or baby that could have been fatally injured by his carelessness. Unfortunately for him, negative reviews spread 10x as fast as a positive review. My friends and friends of their friends as well as family members will not be dining at Mission again. I contacted the health department of maricopa and informed them of the situation.  That type of arrogant attitude from the owner is what will lead to this establishment being shut down. Maybe he will take pride in his restaurant after someone dies and he's slapped with a lawsuit. I fear for the health of future diners.
Super cute neighborhood, AWESOME atmosphere and decor with good looking people all in a great mood having fun.  Excellent service, beautiful presentation and a menu you just can't decide on because there are so many great choices.  Fun with a group, especially at the community table.  Fun upbeat bar.  Decor is cozy and dim but festive at the same time.  And on top of all this the good is EXCELLENT.  Highlights we're street corn with a special sauce that is reminiscent of thousand island but sweeter and zestier, yucca fries w tangy BBQ sauce, Caesar salad with a tex-mex twist, saucy short ribs, and pumpkin bread pudding to die for!
I went to The Mission on Thursday 12/15 and it was an incredible experience. We went in with a large party (10 ppl) and our server was awesome. My family can be a handful and we wanted for very little during our meal.  The guacamole is awesome and made right at the table; although, we asked for hot and we felt it could have used a little more heat.    While we had several different dishes, I would highly, highly, highly recommend the duck.  Another table favorite was the pork tacos with the pineapple glaze.  My aunt is quite sensitive to spice and so we asked for ALL of the glaze on the side and it was perfect and very mild.  For dessert, we had a pumpkin bread pudding and while bread pudding is not my favorite (at all) - this one was exceptional.  I will definitely be back! Yum!
I came here for brunch with the fam a few weeks ago and loved it. I had the Mission Huevo Ranchero w/ red chile pork and it was delicious. The french press coffee was also really good and they even brought an extra cup set so I could share with my parents.  Next time, we will have to come back for dinner. It's also not very far from where my parents live and I'm usually in town at least twice a year.
This is by far my favorite dinner spot in Scottsdale or even the greater Phoenix area for that matter.  The clientele is good looking. The staff is super knowledgable and friendly. The ambiance inside is rustic with the perfect amount of candle light throughout with dark wood floors and walls. There is a large communal table in the bar area along with a salt brick wall that encloses the kitchen. Because the wall is made out of salt bricks the wall is translucent and allows light to come through causing it to glow. It looks really cool in the low lite dining room.  Outside there is a patio in the rear of the restaurant and at the front by the entrance. Both patio's has big gas lanterns that provide just enough light along with gas fire places and ivy walls. It's not a bad thing to opt for the outside seating here like it is at other places. It's just as nice if not nicer depending on what you like.  The food is amazing. If you've never been before let the server order for the table. Get a bunch of things and everyone shares family style.   The table side guac is a must. You also need to get one of the Tostadas. Then either get the Crispy Cola Pork or the Pork Belly Pibil. Oh and make sure you get a side of the grilled street corn. Tell them to shuck it and put in a bowl for you so that you don't have to worry about making a mess. All this should get you started. It's not a whole lot of food, but depending on how many people are in your party it might be enough.  If you have room after your starters, do yourself a favor and get the pork shoulder taco's for two. It's epic. I say it's the best thing on the menu.  I've never had room for desert so I can't speak to that, but definitely try a new tequila that you've never tried before. They have a huge selection and also offer "flights" of tequila so that you can try multiple kinds.
OVERPRICED ! The pork chop dinner was A pork chop ($28) Nothing on the plate but the pork chop. No apple ring...applesauce or even a sprig of parsley. $32 for ten tiny tacos with pork shoulder supposedly for two.  Each taco was two bites and my husband did the math.  It was so dark that the waiter gave us a flashlight to read the menu.  We were given the Bum's rush after our last bite of food.  The portions were so small that it didn't take us long to eat so we hadn't had time to visit with our friends.  The manger came to "push us out the door" No pretense about inquiring about our food or service.  $12 for chips for two?  We will return to our favorite Mexican restuarant where the chips and salsa are your welcome to the restuarant.  The Mission won't last.  It is definately not a family restuarant.  Too loud and too yuppy.
I want to give them more stars but just can't . I will eat there again and re-review. Here is the story, It was the day after xmas for lunch, they were crowded and it looked like most of the wait staff was either off or missed work. The poor waitress did her best and tried to explain the menu in a rush(she did well, considering), but just too many people to cover all the tables she was given.  Guacamole is great, homemade chips too.  I had brisket sandwich which was good But my girlfriends dish which was supposed to be drizzled in vinegar was soaked, so it tasted very bad.  Place has tons of potential, interesting menu, great atmosphere but just needs a little help.
Dined here for the first time on New Years Eve and I couldn't have asked for a more delicious meal.  We ordered: 1- Grilled Street Corn: SO delicious. A skewer of corn with butter, chile paprika and cotija. Its spicy and just the right amount of food for a starter.  2- Guacamole: they make it for you right at your table! You can choose how spicy you want it and can tell your guac mixer to skip the onions. :)  And last but not least... 3- Roasted Organic Butternut squash Taco's: Spicy black bean sofrito, cumin, coriander+poblano, pickled jalapeno+cotija. These are easily the most delicious vegetarian taco's I have ever had. Delicious and again, not over board on the portions.  To drink? we ordered the Bitter Bee's. Hendricks gin, lime, basil, AZ honey and grapefruit. I could tell instantly how fresh the grapefruit juice was. If t wasn't squeezed you fooled me!   We skipped dessert because with all this goodness we were pretty full. We made a reservation for two outside around 5:45pm and had zero issues getting seated as soon as we arrived. We sat at the back patio and while the atmosphere was dimly lit and beautiful for a cozy NYE meal, there was a funky smell coming from, what we guessed, their water fountain. Slowly we became desensitized to the smell and once the food was there, we didn't really notice much else going on around us. Service was great and I can't wait to go back there again.
We had a large (28) group on 1/1 and the staff could not have been more accommodating. The food was delicious and everyone was happy. The community table in the bar is gorgeous, especially at night when it is lit.  All margaritas, entrees, and appetizers were enjoyed. And given the number in our party, I was most impressed by how promptly we were served. The waiter/waitress were unbelievable; they were patient, friendly and extremely helpful. I can't wait to go back and enjoy it with a smaller group!
The Mission NEVER disappoints!  Still in love after 3+ years.  Each time I am at there I always try something new.  I was fortunate enough to choose the chimichurri steak served over a cheese bread (the server informed me the bread was gluten free, BONUS) and washed it down with a coconut strawberry mojito.  The staff is always so friendly and accommodating, even when it is busy and the restaurant is full.
I'm stingy with my 5 star reviews, but this place deserves it. I'll admit, I was hesitant to go when my brother suggested it. I assumed it would be trendy, touristy and kinda show-offy which are 3 things I am not, but it wasn't like that at all.   We met here for dinner New Year's Day and this place was packed. We had a reservation for indoor, but decided to change it to outdoor. There was a 10 minute wait for a seat so the hostess gave us complimentary mini margaritas. There is outdoor seating in the front of the restaurant which is kinda small and intrusive so I was delighted when we were led to the back outdoor area. It was spacious and nicely decorated. There were several large heaters throughout the patio which kept us comfortable.   We started out with chips and the best salsa I've ever had....it was so good we ordered another bowl. We also got mission fries & guac. The guac was very original: avocado, cheese, onion, cilantro, tomato, lime and pumpkin seeds. It was great. I went with the pork belly lettuce wraps, 3 come in a serving. I think I died and went to heaven, I only wish I had 10 more. My husband got the chimichurri hangar steak. He asked for medium, but it was more like rare. I don't eat red meat that often and the fact that it was literally red turned me off. My brother ordered the mahi mahi tacos, 3 come in a serving. The waited suggested he order a 4th taco because they are on the small side. The tacos were fabulous. He aslo got a side of Tennessee, chipotle grits. They were creamy, smoky and yummy.  This is the first meal since moving to Phoenix that I really enjoyed. I wish I had more of everything.   A shout out to Sal, our wonderful waiter. We will be back.
This place is super, no other way to put it. Anything made with pork on the menu will be one of your favorite pork dishes.  And they have a rum menu, so if you're looking to complete a rum tour around the world, feel free.
The Pork shoulder tacos were outstanding, as was the tostada appetizer and the elderflower Paloma.  A very creative and well thought out menu paired with a charming, warm and romantic ambience.  This is certainly my new favorite in Old Town Scottsdale!
Absolutely a must when in Scottsdale,Old town Scottsdale. A unique experience unparalleled by any other. We had the mission margarita, and a sample taste of the frozen mint lemonade margarita, fabulous! Hubby had the clam stew, which he said was fabulous. I had the pork shoulder tacos with pineapple ended cilantro, beautiful presentation and pleasing to the palette. Sam, our waiter, was top notch, made great recommendations and offered exceptional service. We went at 4:30 pm and were seated immediately and the afternoon menu still available.  Trusting Sam with the desert selection, it was fabulous!  Pumpkin bread pudding with pomegranate seeds and toasted pumpkin seeds with a rum sauce, Amazing!  This was one of the highlights of our trips
This place is so wonderful, I almost don't know where to start!  The food: Outstanding.  We started with chips & salsa, guacamole, and chicken anticuchos.  The salsa was one of the best we've ever had.  The guac, made fresh tableside, was to die for.  The chips?  Homemade and still warm.  The anticuchos were perfectly seasoned, on a bed of deliciously spicy mole, and just the right portion for a starter.  We were impressed and we hadn't even gotten to the main event!  I ordered the citrus-cured Chilean salmon.  Incredible.  Also, "huitlacoche & sweet corn puree" does not adequately prepare one for the smoky bites of heaven that are the side dish to the slightly caramelized fish.  My boyfriend ordered the chorizo porchetta, so melt-in-your-mouth tender that you could cut it with a fork.  Everything was beautifully plated, in portion sizes that are appropriate for such rich, flavorful food.  We left no room for dessert, but we can vouch for the bar:  fantastic cocktails (Bitter Bees was a really good one), and if you're a white wine drinker, either of the albarinos are great, but the Licia was a perfect pair with the rich salmon.  The atmosphere/service:  The restaurant is gorgeous, elegantly dark with chandeliers and a glowing salt wall.  It is also very warm;  we opted to sit outdoors.  Perfect choice - we dined under the stars, next to a fireplace.  Patio heaters keep the area comfortable.  The outdoor area is mostly lit by candles, so it can be a bit dark;  our waitress gave us a small flashlight, to make menu-reading easier, without us having to ask for such a thing.  It is loud - though slightly less so outdoors than in - and the service was pretty good for how crowded it was.  We were early for our reservations, and still were seated almost immediately.  (And I was surprised how busy they were, on a Monday night, when all the other restaurants in that area of Scottsdale were dead quiet... I think it speaks to the quality of food here!)  All in all, it was a top-rate dining experience, and a perfect start to our vacation - if we lived in the area, we'd go back again and again.
Was in town by myself from NYC for a business trip and came here on the recommendation of the bartender at the W. Sat at the bar and had a phenomenal dinner! Ordered a primarita cocktail, street corn (best I've had) and butternut squash tacos (small, but very filling). Also ordered the Pumpkin Bread Pudding for dessert and almost punched the bartender it was so good! Seriously, out of this world. Great service all around and a fun atmosphere. There's outdoor seating next to a fireplace which looked great as well. Highly recommend!
If you go to the mission, you'll enjoy some great food and an elegant setting. I highly recommend getting the guacamole that they make fresh.  You must also be prepared to deal with the worst service in Scottsdale. The waiter asked me and a friend how we found out about the place, and he made us feel out of place. He also assumed that we were having trouble reading the menu because the quality of food was too good for our tastes.
hmmm. so i loved the place and atmosphere, but maybe i ordered the wrong thing. We weren't that hungry so we ordered the fish mahi mahi tacos & steak tacos, the fish was very oily and tasted strange, while the steak had too much of a hickory bacon taste, i LOVED the place + Service but the food wasn't good. However i will go back and try one of their specialties
I'm downgrading my original rating of this restaurant from 5 stars to 3 stars.  I know for a fact, that the Mission claims to have some of the best Posole (or pozole, which ever you prefer) around.  Well, not anymore.  Distrito has them beat, hands down.  After tasting the pozole at Distrito, which features an unexpected garnish of littleneck clams), the pozole at The Mission seems bland and ordinary at best.    Also, after having eaten at several other upscale Mexican restaurants as of late, the food at The Mission only seems to become increasingly more over priced in comparison.  The new restaurant featuring Mayan/Aztec cuisine on Scottsdale and Thomas, Caldero, offers equally delicious food at much better prices.  Sure, the ambience isn't near as upscale or unique there, but personally, I go out to eat for a good meal, not the decoration.   If you're looking for small portions as exorbitant prices, then yes, The Mission is for you.  If not, then look else where.
Second time but first time for dinner Vibrant atmosphere great food  See you there soon
Some buddies and I went to Scottsdale for a golfing boondoggle last week and a couple of guys in the know directed us to The Mission.  DANG!  We let our server, Jonathan, drive the car so to speak.  He quizzed us on our likes and dislikes and brought us our orders (we didn't specifically order).  We had 7 people in our group and every plate was spot on.   We started with the chicken (thigh) tostadas and the crispy cola pork belly tostadas.  They were great; particularly the pork belly ones.  MAN were those good.  My dinner was the Chorizo Porchetta which brought a big hunk of slow cooked pork that shredded beautifully.  Along side this hunka hunka porky love was a salt block carrying 10 small corn tortillas to build little tacos from.  Some tasty accompaniments: sauce, onion, & cilantro, finished the presentation.  It was a fantastic dish.  The other 6 dishes were just as great.  To note: the honey chipotle grits that my buddy got were super tasty.  Especially when you dumped some of their ghost chili sauce (forget what it was called).  Desert was the Pumpkin bread pudding (YUM!) and fried bananas.    All in all, a fantastic place.  Really good.
Service, desserts, and coffee were really good. I thought the brunch entrees were tasty, but not overwhelmingly so. The decor is...something else...makes me think I'm in the newest interpretation of Underworld, but I stopped smirking at it after a while.
such a big fan!  we called for reservations late in the game (around 430 pm for that night) and they were able to reserve us a table at 630 on the patio.  the restaurant has a great atmosphere- not at all what i expected for old town scottsdale.  it's really pretty and nice and a really great place to dine.  our server was super friendly and attentive and the food was phenomenal! we got the sophia loren cocktail and the avocado margarita- both were strong but delicious.  for food we shared the duck carnitas empanada which was phenomenal, mahi mahi tacos and chorizo porchetta.  the tacos and the porchetta were both a good portion and really delicious.
This old town spot has an amazing atmosphere.  Dim lighting, rich wood and hardwood floors add to the cute outdoor patio area for a great location.  The menu is like Tapas and the tableside guacamole  is excellent, best I've tasted.  Prices are typical Scottsdale, but portions are fair for the price.  Service was excellent and drink refills were always plentiful.  Tacos are yummy, try the pork for sure at lunch.    Restroom decor is even very chic.  The staff were perfect, very professional.  When your in the mood to drop $50 on lunch for two, this is the place for sure.  Table were a little small given the sharing design and small dishes menu is my only feedback.
Hip, stylish, lively atmosphere.  Excellent service.  Delicious, interesting food.  I can't think of what else you would need in a restaurant.  FABULOUS!  The street corn, duck carnitas, pozole, pork shoulder tacos, and avocado margaritas (EXCEPTIONAL!) were outstanding.  I wouldn't recommend this place for people who are hard of hearing, because it is a bit loud.  Otherwise, this place is perfect.
Really good food, amazing ambiance, and super friendly personal!
Great atmosphere. Excellent Pork dishes.  Empanadas were really greasy, but otherwise everything was perfect.
My wife and I were visiting Old Scottsdale and The Mission was on our short list of places to eat. We ordered the fresh guacamole and it was very good. For the main course I had the Pazole soup and my wife had the skirt steak tacos. The soup was out of this world. Smoked pork in a spicy tomato broth with hominy and avocado. The skirt steak tacos were nice with a charred ouside and tender on the outside. Top it off with a few margaritas with Grand Marnier!
Guacamole was best I've had!
A favorite of mine. Wonderful food, wonderful service, great atmosphere. I try to go every weekend if I am lucky. Try the agave syrup Margarita. I am in love. My Saturday afternoon place.   I wish they would remember me though. Jeepers we come often enough! :-)
Very enjoyable meal. Would rate 4.5 stars so I'll round up. We had lunch on a Saturday. Weekend menu has brunch items as well as the regular menu. We got the tableside guacamole which was great. We also shared the grilled street corn which was nicely topped with a spicy cream/cheese sauce. I had steak tacos and wife had chicken tacos. Small tortillas but stacked with a good amount of the meat/fish of choice.  Can sit out on the pato or inside which is nicely done in wood and dark tones. Service was very efficient and attentive. My only complaint was the table for 2 is too small. Having chips and guac leaves little room for other plates. Dessert menu could be improved. We had the fried banana and it was okay but enjoyed the cinammon gelato. Prices a little high but on avg for Old Town. Will definitely return for the guac and tacos!
World class cuisine. Very good value considering the flavor, presentation and service. Our waitress, Lauren, was excellent, walking  two first time diners through the exciting menu with very good recommendations. Will be hard to go anywhere else in Scottsdale.
Took my fiance' there for Valentine's day/ Birthday.  I did a lot of research of romantic places around the Valley, and this one really caught my eye.  Immediately after walking through the door, you'll notice a dark and romantic ambiance with a lot of candle light.  Seating is a bit tight, but it wasn't bad enough for me to give it a lower review.  We began with an appetizer called "Table side guacamole" which was incredible to say the least.  It literally is made in front of your table.  Then it was onto the main dish... Build-your-own  Pork tacos.  Talk about tender meat!!  The shoulder of pork literally fell right off onto the fork.  The tortillas were exceptional, and so was the tasty sauce which included pineapple glaze.  So, the food was absolutely delicious...but the service was equally impressive.  My water level never reached the bottom of the glass the entire night, and I drink plenty!  Everyone was incredibly nice and cheerfully said "Happy Valentine's Day!" and "Happy Birthday!" to my fiance', which made the experience even better.  A fantastic place that I'll have no problem recommending to others to visit!
The Mission had me for a moment. The inside was so dark, our waitress looked overworked and the table-side guacamole inspired an eye roll from me for its gimmickiness.   I suppose if you go there to romance someone the candle lit dimness sets a certain kind of ambience. But if you are there like me to get some serious grub, the darkness is just plain annoying.   Ok now lets talk about food. Its just too bad the other half and I are not big eaters, otherwise we would have ordered a lot more than the table-side guacamole, kale salad, street corn and mahi mahi tacos.  The eye-rolling-inducing guacamole is nothing to write home about. Something one can easily make at home or get in one of the many tacquerias for half the price. Now, the Kale Salad. Ah the Kale Salad with its julienned- cut kale, cleverly sized bits of blood orange, roasted peppitos, peeled whole little tomatoes and dressing that erred a little to the overwhelming side.  This is one of those meals that made me think about the process of creating the food. Man, I wish I knew how to perfectly peel the skin of a little tomato without crushing the tomatoes or how do I take the bitterness of uncooked kale into a salad that has a myriad of wonderful textures and flavor. I really really appreciated the bitter chewy bits of the blood orange because by itself would have made me upset but paired with the rest of the salad, the combo just worked.  Did I mention I really like this salad?  The Mahi Mahi Taco was interesting. The juxtaposition of the large battered mahi with the tiny taco made me wonder but when I bit into it, I understood the intention was to highlight the fish and the other condiments compliment the fish.  Too bad I don't like greasy fish too much, otherwise I'd enjoy this dish a bit more.  I asked my Street Corn to be stripped from its cob. I like corn. I am guessing the appeal of this side dish is the mayo-based sauce. Meh. I am okay with it.  I'd give 4 stars for the Kale Salad alone but service plus darkness.. hmm 3 stars is generous.
We had lunch here after conquering Camelback Mtn...  ; )  The table side made guacamole is OUTSTANDING...my wife got the steak tacos and really like them and I got the pork tacos and they were okay.  The tacos portions are smaller, but the prices are fair, the service is really good and the guacamole is well worht the trip!
Unbelievable . MUST TRY. Great service and better food
I was excited to try this restaurant after reading the reviews.  Sadly, I was majorly disappointed. We arrived after the lunch crowd, yet had to wait a very long time for our food to arrive. We started with the table side guacamole and the avocado was not ripe enough ... The chicken taco horrible and pumpkin bread pudding too sweet. Do not arrive starving, because the wait staff moves like turtles.  I give this a three at best.  Not worth the $$$
Went to this place yesterday for dinner....amazing food, great ambience, good service! A tad too dark though.  This place was really happening even on a Thursday night but, it is too dark to see your food. It is perfect for a romantic setting where it does not matter what you eat till you date looks good eating it. My boyfriend and I shared the pork taco plate, the tacos are bite-size, never seen such small tacos. We had to order extra tacos (of course, they were not free), but the meat was just awesome. A great place for fun dinner, a little on the expensive side but worth it if you do not want to look at what you are eating.
After doing my Yelp research, this was on my dinner short list. This coincided with a recommendation from a hotel, so off we went. We sat outside in the nice little courtyard. Patio heaters kept things warm. The menu is just long enough. We started with the duck confit empanadas (great!) and got a serving of the pork shoulder tacos to share between the 3 of us (quite good, but the meat could have had a bit more flavour). The crispy cola pork was terrific; crispy flavourful pork on a lettuce cup.  For my main course I selected the port shoulder and chorizo roll. Our awesome waitress warned us that some people found it could be a bit dry because it gets cooked 3 times. So while you're starting with a piece of meat with plenty of fat, it gets a bit dryer. I tried anyhow and agree a bit -- it was still very good and I don't regret my selection. I tasked my friend's short rib and that was also very good.  Overall, great experience made by solid food, excellent service, and nice ambiance.
The guacamole is outstanding as are the street tacos.  The tequila flights and margaritas were also good. The overall atmosphere is nice.  There is a bar as well as seating areas.  The outside patio is probably the best place to sit.
Loved it. My husband wasn't so impressed at first because it was dark, trendy, and packed.  He is was pleasantly surprised at the great food!  The server calmed him down and was very attentive to his discomfort. We had steak tacos and pumpkin bread pudding. I love that kind of atmosphere and my husband...well he doesn't like to to go out of his comfort zone,  and I loved it!!
We had dinner here on a packed Thursday night. The decor and ambiance is top notch. The food was interesting and very good overall. We had to wait a long, long time between courses but the friendly waiter, Sam, made it right by not charging us for several items. Yes, the guacamole was good but a little small for $12. The chips were delicious but needed salt, which we had to ask for. Unfortunately we filled up on the chips and dip before our chicken and scallop mini tacos were served. The pork lettuce wraps were small but very tasty. I told our waiter when we first sat down that I was a big fan of grits and he said could get both types with my order but it never came. When I mentioned it at the end of our meal, he quickly brought me a tiny taste of the honey grits (no charge) which were spicy and sweet and a little strange. It probably would have tasted better if I had tried it before I was so full. Ditto for the pumpkin banana bread pudding, which was huge. I left feeling over stuffed and sick, which is something I never, ever do. I would go back but I would order less food and just stick to one dish along with the guacamole and bread pudding.
Went tonight for business.  It rained so the patio was closed therefore it was very crowded inside.  It was dark, they had to pass around flashlights to see the menu.  The waiter was very nice and informative about the menu since it was our first time.  He said that their specialty was pork and did an outstanding job selling the homemade guacamole which was AWESOME, it was creamy and had the proper amounts of lime and accompaniments.  The tortilla chips were very good as well.  The waiter took about 4 minutes describing how great the porchetta and chorizo roll were.  It was "OK" nothing to write home about, the pork was way to charred on the outside and the chorizo was nicely seasoned but dry.  All in all, it was a nice evening and experience.  If I was to go back, I would definitely get the guacamole and try a different entree.
Loved it.  So much so that I went back a 2nd time a week later.  Table side guac is a winner as is the street corn.  Have them cut it off the cob so you can pass it around.  Muy Bueno.
What a fabulous atmosphere - sophisticated, but casual enough for the visitor from out of town to walk off the street and enjoy a fabulous dining experience. We tried 3 varieties of tacos (served in a unique and intriguing manner) while we enjoyed primo cocktails at the bar area. It was the perfect setting! Warm and inviting, the service was attentive and professional. "Cheers" to The Mission!
Food and service is excellent!!! Robert Earloog
Loved my night at the Mission. It was a warm, March night. Expect a wait, we were on the list for about an hour, but no worries, we went to a nearby bar for margaritas.  Sat on the patio, it was a mellow scene outside, much louder and darker inside.   Get the table side guacamole. It was one of the best guacamoles I'd ever had and watching the guac chef whip it up from his little cart was pretty fun. (Disclaimer: I am highly partial to the avocado and would probably eat them rotten.)   Steak tacos were delish. So simple - steak, avocado, lime in corn tortillas. The chicken were good but not our favorite.   Mojito was delicious although they added fizzy water which isn't my favorite.   Service was great. Would definitely return here for another night.
The food and cocktails at this place are amazing - beyond comparison. I have not eaten one bad thing off of their menu. I am not a margarita person AT ALL but my friend insisted I try their primarita (essentially a skinny margarita) and it was amazing. Probably what all margaritas are supposed to taste like. I crave them.  Their guacamole is phenomenal - fresh and made right in front of you to your taste. You really can't get any better without going to Mexico and eating at at a mom and pop restaurant. The pork shoulder is great and the skirt steak is to die for. This is also a great brunch spot - the green chile chilaquiles are outstanding.   They are on the pricey end but their entrees are shareable. I love the dark, candlelit ambience. Perfect for pretty much any occasion: date night or bachelorette party.   Cautions: it seems next to impossible to get a weekend dinner reservation between 6pm and 9:30pm. I don't know if these are blocked out by default on Open Table. Your best bet is to make your reservation well in advance and call them directly. I have never been to this place as a walk-in for dinner. Service has also been hit or miss. I seem to get an excellent server or a really bad one.
porky bacony spicy boozyness. this place flat out rocks it. the food is freaking incredible everytime (10 + visits) I am always blown away upon first bite.  Pork Belly appetizer is re tard ed good!! Dont waste another moment eating elsewhere, go now!!
The tableside guacamole is fantastic, the chips and salsa really delicious, but the real standout on the menu is the Kobe Dog.  This is, literally, the greatest hot dog in the history of the world.  It is, all joking aside, the Chuck Norris of hot dogs.  It's a huge dog wrapped in bacon and stuffed in a brioche and topped with all sorts of awesomeness.  Actually, that makes it more like the Dom DeLuise of hot dogs, but you get what I mean.
I have to say:  the table side guac is some of the best I've had.  Almost as good as Rick Bayless' guac, but still can't touch my mom's. We went for their Sunday brunch menu and were very pleased with the options.  We had a hard time choosing what to eat!  They do an all you can eat street tacos with pork on Sunday as well.... we opted for the recommended Chaquiles with pork (in the red sauce) and it was incredible!  And some other scramble with vegetables. They have a great patio in the back of the restaurant with a lion fountainhead and just the right amount of sun peaking through the umbrellas they have up.  The drink options are great as well- I hope to go back and eat another meal at this restaurant!
As far as food goes I REALLY enjoy The Mission, I have been here 4 or 5 times and have always liked what I've had and I've usually been able to try different things. Their brunch, lunch and dinner menus are all very good and unique.   My favorite item on the lunch menu in the Cubano Torta, it's excellent. For brunch they have really good bloody marys too. I have never actually had anything I didn't like, but like all restaurants some things are better than others.   I believe The Mission is located in an old church so the setting is different, however it is very dark and that has been a problem for some of the people I have been with (my mother mainly).   The service has been great everytime I have been seated at a table, but the two times I have gone just for drinks at the bar the service was awful. Both times I actually left annoyed because their service was so poor.   Overall, I think it's a great place to eat and an especially good place to take out of town guests who are wanting to try a more upscale Mexican restaurant.
This high end Latin-American food restaurant was actually a last minute decision. I use to play in a youth orchestra that was hosted just next door in the old mission and didn't know this was now a restaurant. The ambiance is dim and romantic. Definitely has a Spanish feel. The patio is amazing, especially on a clear, starry, warm night. The patio is cozy with a large brick fireplace, comfortable chairs, and a secluded location a midst downtown Scottsdale. The menu is to die for! So many unique foods: Peruvian clam stew, swordfish, octopus, etc. My friend and I each got a drink- the capirinhia was ok. Nothing special. The cheese place was very tasty and had a lot of variety of flavors to mix, but there wasn't much to eat. My friend got the swordfish entree. Mmm! Very hearty fish with 2 sides. The flavoring and seasoning is what made the dish. I got the Creekside filet *the most expensive dish on the menu*. SO worth it! The filey mignon was cooked rare (though I asked for medium), but again the spices and seasoning were so unique and savory, I took my time enjoying each bite! It came with a side of white bean grits (also very tasty, but filling). If you want a great night out with a group or a romantic dinner for 2, go here. By the way, I believe his name is Johnathan, but he's a great server and honest about the menu selections.
In retrospect, I would come again not for the food but for the scene.  This sexy gothic lair is apparently very popular with the ladies.  I wonder now if my tastes are more aligned with bachelorette partygoers....  The much raved table side guacamole is fine and fresh but not quite as memorable as I would have hoped.  The papaya salad was downright sad.  The short rib had a great texture and sprung when you could find a pepper to pair it with.  The chimichurri hangar steak was good but very standard for what you would find at any Argentinean restaurant.  During this -- my second -- Scottsdale trip, I tried as many guacamole dishes and tequilas as possible in four days.  The reposado flight here had a lot of turbulence.  The Sol de Mexico and Corralejo were both good; but the Milagro and Maestro tequilas were extremely harsh, reminding me of regrettable nightclubs in Tijuana offering shots from Dixie cups . . . not what I would expect for $6.00 a shot.  But the design, guests, and waitresses are all beautiful.  The hostesses are charming and accommodating.  I think the overall feel is just trendy fun.
Wow. Food here is simple, yet delicious. I didn't expect to find a place like this here, thus the 5-star. Guacamole was made right in front of us. Street corn had just the right amount of seasoning. And taro fries were unique! Pumpkin bread pudding also did not disappoint. If I lived here, I would definitely come back.
My cousin and i went to The Mission last Friday and it was awesome.  Packed as usual but for good reason.  The food is amazing and the drinks are delish.  The owner found us a seat in the bar which was perfect.  I highly recoment the pork shoulder. The Bomb!!!  Thanks for a great night Mission:)
Visited The Mission based on Yelp reviews when visiting Scottsdale. Upon walking in I immediately felt a sense of awe for the atmosphere was great. I loved the old chandeliers and religious themed decor. They had a nice mix of contemporary and Victorian style decor. There was only one thing that bothered me about the atmosphere - the music. I thought it wasn't appropriate for the theme of the restaurant. It was house electronic music. There could have been a deeper meaning for it but I wasn't getting it.  First we got the guac - which as hand mixed right in front of you! We agreed it was the best guac we have ever had.   I got the mahi mahi tacos and my girlfriend got the vegetarian tacos. My tacos were so so. I felt that the batter was too thick and tasteless. Mahi Mahi is generally a tasteless fish (in my opinion) so I felt it needed something to give it a kick. The tarter style sauce just wasn't cutting it. I don't think I'd recommend the Mahi Mahi.  However, the vegetable tacos were incredible. They were so sweet and flavorful. Highly recommend them. They are definitely unforgettable !   The only reason I give The Mission 4 stars was because my meal wasn't that great. I am sure there are so many items on this menu that are so awesome, like the guac and my girlfriend's tacos.
Lovely setting but be sure to check the cost of a glass of wine.  Ordered the standard Kendall Jackson white and amount was very small, so ordered the second with our appetizer and when I got the check was blown away.  13 bucks for very small portions.  Thought the prices were really out of line, when you compare to better restaurants that charge less.  think the whole comcept  is one of greed.  won't be going back. too many other places that offer more.
Blown away by the service, ambiance, and finally the food.  Try the butternut squash tacos.... And, stay for the company you may meet at the bar ;)
My friends and I went here for Sunday brunch/lunch this past weekend after we found that R&R had a two hour wait. We wandered here by chance and I'm really glad we did. It is such a cute place with warm decor and awesome chandeliers. Totally my style. We were waiting for a table but decided to go ahead and eat at the bar since the table we were at was comfy enough for our group. We ordered a variety of menu items including chilaquiles, a beef torta, the chicken and waffles dish and a side of chipotle honey grits. Everything was to die for! Our bellies were full and happy - always a sign of a good time. Our server, Lauren, was super nice and really helpful. This place was busy but in a good way and I plan on going back for more!
The pumpkin bread pudding is to die for, so before I say anything else, remember to save room!  I took my son there last night to celebrate his college choice and we had one of the best meals EVER and the waiter was AMAZING. His name was Sal and he took the time to really explain the entire menu and make recommendations.  Then, he carefully timed everything so we did not feel rushed.  So nice.    We had the duck empanadas for an app and they were very good, but rich because of the foie gras.  My son also had a delicious soup but I don't remember the name.  I had the scallops for an entree and my son had the filet.  Both were fantastic.  I had asked for the scallops to be well done and they were but still moist.  The steak was amazing...even beat The Capital Grille, my son said.  Dessert...ahhhhh.  Pumpkin bread pudding AND the churros with chocolate shake.  A true feast!  My son said he is saving his money to bring his girlfriend here.  Such a wonderful restaurant, especially for a special occasion!  PS Our waiter Sal said to come back for Sunday brunch..I think we may do that!
Love the atmosphere, food, drinks and service! Mike the bartender makes a great drink called the Game Changer. I would highly recommend!
I'm completely impressed by The Mission and I can't wait to go back and try more of their amazing food.    My husband and I chose The Mission for our 8th Anniversary dinner and had a wonderful time - the staff is extraordinarily knowledgeable and very warm & welcoming.  Yelp steered us in the right direction as per usual, so we split the cheese plate with manchego to start, the pork shoulder tacos for dinner and split a pumpkin bread pudding for dessert.  Everything was expertly prepared and delicious.  The bread pudding was EASILY the best I've ever had.  We usually don't order desserts and I'm glad we did, because I can't stop thinking about how amazing this was.    My husband had an Avocado Margarita and an Estrella beer (Awesome that they have this available - and it was even served in an Estrella glass - impressive).  Since I'm pregnant, I asked if the bartender could make me a virgin version of their "Sophia Loren" with fresh strawberries & mint - score!  It was delicious and I'll certainly be back to try it with the proper amount of booze :)    Lastly, how amazing is that Himalayan Salt Brick wall????  I NEED this in my house!
Staff was great, loved the patio, tasty pineapple ginger mojito, and short ribs had a lot going on!  Jenna was very knowledgeable about the menu and owner Brian stopped by and made sure we left more than satisfied.
Wow!  We loved this place enough to hit it twice in a 3 day trip to Scottsdale. Everything from the look, the service, and of course, the food!  Fabulous margaritas and excellent presentation on the food.  We had the guacamole several times and I did think the first batch was clearly the best but it is great anyway and is prepared to your dining preferences.
I have been here to eat twice and while the first experience was ok the second time has me writing of the place for good. I will say the service was always speedy and quick both times but when we went to brunch the menu has better options like the chiliquiles.   My problem is the limited menu during lunch time and the quality of that food. The table side guac was ok and some could say great if they prefer it one way more than another. I would say it wasn't close to Salty's but not terrible like America's taco shop on 7th st. There menu consist of two basic options excluding the soup during lunch, tacos and tortas. Their tortas remind me more of something you would find at a wildflower except without any good mixture of ingredients. you would think that if you only served 5 different things you would be really good. I don't mind a small amount of choices, even if you think of your own home rotation of meals you cook for your family you could limit it to your top 5 things and have a menu that would kick the crap out of most restaurant menus I am sure. I had the brisket torta which seemed to be a mix of a lox and a thin(super thin) layer of burnt beef. My girlfriend thought the same. My friend had another one that looked better but she said she wouldn't rush to come back for it. The side of beans were ok and the chorizo and potatoes were ok more for the potato side as the chorizo was semi bland and couldn't hold a candle to any Shreiner's offering.  So we had a 90$ lunch (no alcohol) that had faux latin food. When I went to brunch my girl did like the drinks and the chiliquiles are good but you could do better from any torta chain with little effort and just suffer from the ambiance for better food. Guero's tortas comes to mind but like I said even Subway could own these guys.
The absolute best guacamole I've ever had. It's been over a month since my visit to Scottsdale but I still dream of that guacamole.
5 *'s what more need I say. ALL the food is wonderful. Great atmosphere and ambiance. The Almejas al vapor and the Pumpkin bread pudding are AMAZING.Oh.. and the guac is good ,too. ( tableside)  Margaritas aren't too shabby either. Good place for a date.
This is the best restaurant in Scottsdale.  I order the healthy margarita and the hanger steak every time I go, and they are both easily the best I have ever experienced.  My husband orders the scallops and we have had almost all of the appetizers and sides, all of them extraordinary.  One note, they do try to rush your experience so make sure you take your time, otherwise you will be out of there in an hour.
This place is over-rated!  It is Cinco De Mayo at about 4:30.  The place is empty for all practical purposes.  We're told unless we have a reservation, they can't seat us. So we're pointed to the bar area. It is now 6:30 and the dining tables are still half empty.  This is a good indication of bad management.  One doesn't tell a customer they can't be seat and must go to the bar to eat and then 2 hours later those same table are sitting there empty.   The drinks are watered down and extremely pricey.  It is one thing to charge a high price (small Margarita $13 and a Mojito watered down $13) and to give value, it is another thing to rip-off the customer.   The guacamole needed help as well.  We had to send it back to the kitchen for help.  You need to add Cilantro, onions, salt, etc. to the product, otherwise you may as well be eating raw avocados.   The fish tacos were good I thought, but my wife hated them. The duck empenada was different.  I didn't like it, but my wife did.   The service was slow to get to us, but once it did it was good.  I wouldn't go back to this restaurant.
pork belly appetizer delish. steak tacos, delish. bread pudding delish.  waitress a sweetie. whole experience the best.
So I have tried this place twice now and I am still not a fan.   I do have to say the ambiance is quite beautiful, but the food and drink are a total rip off. 3 half dollar size tacos with no sides for 16 bucks blows my mind. And $12 for half a cup of guacamole is outrageous. I'm sorry!
we came here with a group that i work with.  I am very impressed with the architecture and decor.  our waiter was a young man named sam (I am) who was very entertaining and knowledgeable.  He suggested a tequila I had never heard of, it was very good.  i shared the pork shoulder, thinking it would be huge, but it was not that much food.  still, very high quality and many new flavors.    as with other reviewers i am completely addicted to the pumpkin pudding.  for those of you who like tequila, this is the place.  i think i counted about four dozen different kinds.  (but no jose Cuervo reserva de familia, the very best in all the land!)....also flights of tequila so you can sample.  altogether, the mission is a delight, especially if others are footing the bill!  mike
Great food, service, and ambiance.
I had been here once before for happy hour and was impressed; however dinner on Monday evening was so-so.  We arrived and were seated right away which was nice.  We did wait a bit for a server (there was confusion over the sections), who while cute and bubbly tried very hard, but wasn't the best server I've had...especially in Old Town.  My boyfriend and I ordered drinks and the guacamole appetizer.  All were good; however for the amount of people in the restaurant took too long to arrive.  I had the Chorizo porchetta (I believe it was called) and my boyfriend had the 1/2 chicken with fries.  Both meals were good, but not impressive.  If I hadn't been here before for a good happy hour I wouldn't likely pick this place again especially as the thing I was impressed with the most with was the decor...and even that was too dark for me to read my menu with ease!
Great food, nice ambiance.    Hope it's just a rumor that this restaurant isn't doing well and will be closing down soon.    I understand the economy has been devastating the past few years.  I've seen far too many great restaurants close.  Hope this one won't be another casualty...
The locals of the area took us here to The Mission, right in the cute downtown area of Scottsdale. It's very trendy Mexican food - lights are dim, music is playing loudly, and everyone is super dressed up and ready to have a good time. We ordered - Pork Belly: decent. The coolest thing about this dish though, is the fact that the tortilla was served on this giant brick of clear salt - super cool. - Salsa: SPICY and tasty - Guacamole: THE BEST GUAC I HAVE EVER HAD! It was made right next to the table after you order it. It has pumpkin seeds, and I don't know what kind of crack, but i could not stop eating it.  And for entree, I had - Hangar Steak with house margarita, which were just okay. Apparently the steak taco is supposed to be very good, maybe i should have ordered that instead.  This place is seriously super trendy filled with dressed up people. Nice for a great evening out.
Great atmosphere.  A bit pricey in my opinion. Drinks are overpriced and the guacamole that was supposedly an 8 on a scale of 1-10 for heat was not hot at all.  And way overpriced at $12 in my opinion for one avocado with some mix-ins.  Food was good but not outstanding.  Many other better places to eat in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area for the same type of food.
The Mission has been my favorite restaurant to eat at for over 3 years now! I am constantly talking about it with friends and acquaintances. I recently ate there for yet another gathering and decided to say some things on yelp.   The only restaurant that can come close to the fresh quality and professional and friendly service is about 2 1/2 hours away. The perfect combination of freshness and flavor that the Chef puts together on the plates are unmatched. Just to name a few, the Tostadas and Crispy Cola Pork appetizers are two dishes I always get when I arrive. Both his every taste bud in your mouth to give you perfect satisfaction. The margaritas are the most well balanced margs I've ever tasted and the restaurant has a great selection of tequilas to sip on or shoot. Maestro Dobel all the way!! Most of the servers are incredibly educated on the food and you can tell just how much they love the place. The staff who have been there as long as we've been coming always remember us and make a point to come over and say hello. Always very professional and down to earth.   Now, I was curious to see what other foodies had to say about this restaurant by looking at some of the other reviews. I had to laugh as I swear some of the "lower" reviews must have been in the wrong restaurant. There is no happy hour that I've ever seen (trust me I've asked). They do have a "transitional" menu in between lunch and dinner when all the staff is changing but no happy hour menu. The thing that brought me to this restaurant years ago was that Phoenix magazine had them down as the #1 Latin restaurant in the valley. I can assure you they have done nothing but gotten more popular and more busy since then! They're definitely not closing down soon, good sir that was just a rumor. The owners have been telling me about a new restaurant they're opening up just up the road within the next few months! That tells me they're progressing forward not backwards. However, the street tacos are a small meal. if you're not that hungry street tacos are great! If you are looking for a full meal however, another item other than STREET tacos would be ideal.   Anyway, that is my review of the restaurant! Another foody who eats out about 5 nights a week and is incredibly picky about what restaurants get my money. The Mission deserves all that I do give them.
LOVE this place. Staff is great, atmosphere is great, and the food is amazing. I've been wanting to go back so badly but I'm trying to wait until next weekend for my birthday. It's so hard!   The street corn and fried bananas are to die for. They're a must.
It's hard to go wrong at The Mission.  The atmosphere is just beautiful, candles strewn all around ---almost reminiscent of a church (appropriate given the name!)---Eating in the backyard is really an experience on a cooler night.  All of the tacos are phenomenal and have interesting ingredients that just pop.  The street corn is to die for, and the milkshake churro dessert is a go-to for me.  The cinnamon they use in the milkshake is awesome.   The servers are all really knowledgeable, and the service itself is generally outstanding.  It is trendy without being pretentious.   GO GO GO!
Literally, the smallest tacos you will ever encounter anywhere in your entire life and I am not exaggerating. 3 tacos were $12 and they were each smaller than the palm of my hand, and my hands are TINY. I can't even imagine what the average built adult would think about them...  Specialty cocktails were good, but pricey. Entree entirely too small to satisfy any amount of hunger and overpriced (I'm serious, the "tortillas" are the size of Ritz crackers; this is not an entree but hors d'oeuvres).   Ambiance was nice, beautifully lit and decorated, dark, Catholic inspired, chandeliers, etc. There's a full bar and seating is nice.  Service was...eh, nothing special. They took our chips and salsa away long before we were even close to being done with them an didn't ask prior.  The desserts were way bigger than any entree I saw and were mediocre at best.   The food itself tasted good, but there was NOWHERE near enough to satisfy any person in just one serving.  If you want insanely overpriced appetizers masquerading as real food, you'll like this place.
Took friends for their 1st time to The Mission, I really wanted to know their opinions on their first visit, as I have been several times.  I really enjoy this place, it's inviting, the hostesses are so friendly and I just love the front patio when they have the fireplace going. They already had drinks from the bar, but I came in a little later and it took quite awhile before I got my first drink. =-( They sat us right away...as I had made reservations via Open Table, and our server was right there and ready to serve.  The place is always dark with lots of candles and after the sun goes down they will open up the windows.  There is a back patio and it is lit nicely.  Too hot to sit out in the summer.  Now for the food, we order chips and salsa to start...pretty standard, but when they brought in the extra hot salsa.....there you go.  It was awesome!  Way to hot, but if you mix it with the regular salsa, it's good. The guacamole is very, very good.  NIce presentation too, as they make it at your table.  We all ordered from the special menu that night and neither one of us were disappointed.  If you ask your server what their favorite is.....they will not point you in the wrong direction.  My server stated the Halibut was especially good that night...and that's what I went with.  Delicious!!  The only complaint that night was our drinks took awhile, but they made up for it when we raved about the hot hot salsa and she gave me a take home container.  Nice touch!
I have been here 5 or 6 times. The service is phenomenal and I always try something different. Every dish has been a joy to my mouth. Well worth the time and cost.
Just fantastic... you need to go here.  Go for the ambiance (romantic, classy, upscale) Go for the food (variety, tasty big portions so you can share or be greedy and indulge) Go for the drinks (tequila, tequila, tequila)   Splurge, enjoy, love and repeat..
I really enjoyed my first dinner at The Mission, the service, atmosphere and menu were all exceptional. Going to Mission was a spur of the moment dinner idea, and we made reservations just an hour prior to dining. I would suggest reservations, we had to sit outside because they were full inside, and although they had a large and amazingly quiet fan outside, it was a bit hot. We sat by a fountain though, and that kind of made up for it, definitely will be back for more patio seating here when the weather cools down.  The waiter was very attentive, I think in part because we were one of the first tables seated on the patio. By the way, I am talking about the back patio, not the entrance area patio- I think the one in the back is better.   Our app was the cheese plate, we chose the cheese similar to manchengo (I don't remember the name exactly, but the waiter related it). The cheese plate came with all kinds of goodies.   I had the kale salad for dinner, and my boyfriend the pork tacos. We also got a side of street corn, our favorite. Everything tasted great. The kale salad had tons of marcona almonds, oranges and a light dressing, the portion was large. I had a bite of the tacos and they were great, but they are small and 3 to a plate, so for bigger appetites consider getting extra tacos.   Dinner here was great, we will be back soon.  (:
I was initially planning to take my lady to the highly recommended Quiessence in Phoenix, but when a freak dust storm interfered with our plans, we found ourselves detouring in Scottsdale and Yelping for a good dinner place.   This place is seriously quite excellent.  The only reason I'm not giving it a 5 is because I think they overcooked one dish and opted not to seat us inside when they easily could have (we didn't have a reservation so it is possible I'm not being considerate here).  The vegetarian options were excellent and I really liked our waiter--totally knowledgeable and accommodating.    Definitely going to come back here next time I'm out there.
This is really 3.5 stars, but I'm rounding up.  The food is interesting--sort of a nouveau Latin cuisine with strong Mexican influences.  I'm only giving The Mission 3.5 stars because I thought the food was more beautiful than delicious.  My dad had the pork which was cooked appropriately for medium rare, but was a bit on the bland side.  I had the butternut squash tacos which looked wonderful--extremely colorful, but were also on the bland side in spite of the fresh lime wedges and slices of red chili (these tacos were also a bit pricey, $12 for 3 and the tortillas were the size of small sugar cookies).  My husband did seem satisfied with his hanger steak tacos.  Even though we planned on getting dessert, the consensus was that our dinner hadn't been particularly impressive so we opted to go elsewhere. There are a lot of rave reviews on yelp for the guacamole.  It was good, but not phenomenal and, at $12, it tied for the most expensive guacamole I've ever had (tie with a Mexican restaurant in NYC).
I can not get enough of the Mission. Having lived in the Scottsdale area for nearly 10 years and trying almost every restaurant they have to offer, there is NONE like the Mission. Nothing even comes close.  They specialize in margaritas with at least 50 different tequilas. The service is so attentive to the patrons. They really make a point to treat you more as a guest than another tip. The knowledge they have about the food is remarkable. The pork tacos are my absolute favorite! They slow roast the pork for 8 hours and let it soak in a pineapple glaze sauce that has SO MUCH FLAVOR!!! "Sweet but Savory" they say. When it comes time to chow down on the pork you don't even need a knife, you could eat it with a spoon it falls apart so easily. With great friends or a great date your experience at this restaurant will be memorable and you will be craving their food and a chance to re-live the experience. I would highly RECOMMEND this restaurant.
I have been wanting to come to The Mission for so long,  and I'm so happy I finally made it.  My boyfriend and I came for our three year anniversary. We were treated like royalty. Greeted by the hostess with a friendly "happy anniversary! " she seated us right away on the back patio. The patio was  romantic, strung tastefully with clear lights,  lush greenery, and a charming fountain.   Our server came to greet us immediately. I was incredibly impressed with how much knowledge our server had about the menu(looks like a foreign language) and his ability to help me understand what everything was and what it would taste like. Looking over the drink menu there are so many great options, but I had to try their avocado margarita. Who knew avocados and tequila could go so well together!?  I had the tostadas to start; three crunchy delicious tostadas with all kinds of cheese, chicken, and yummy sauce. I had the salmon for my main entrée, I've never had a better cooked piece of fish. Our server was always available to answer questions and always kept our waters and cocktails full.  All I can say is thank you to the entire staff of The Mission for creating such a memorable night for me and my hunny. We can't wait to be back!
A must whenever I'm in Scottsdale. I almost always let the waiter bring me whatever they recommend. I honestly don't think I've looked at the menu here for more than a minute or two. Margaritas are amazing and the real deal.
I went to the Mission this weekend for the first time in a couple months.  (My wife and I generally find ourselves there at least once a month--it's our favorite spot in town).  But since I hadn't been in a while, I forgot how great it is.  Ambiance: Couldn't get any better.  Candlelit and romantic.  Music is always hip--tends to get pretty loud on the weekends.   Service: We've had probably 5 or 6 different servers.  They are always friendly and full of knowledge about the menu, and great at making recommendations.   Food: Amazing.  I had the green chile duck this time.  One of my new favorites.  My wife always gets the peruvian stew and the black cod.  Perfect. (We never skip out on dessert.  The pumpkin bread pudding is to die for.)  Drinks: Eclectic wine selection--mostly stuff I don't know about, but we had south american pinot noir that was delicious.  Also, take a look at the tequila flights! (if you dare...) The margaritas are supposed to be the specialty here...Love the blood orange and their "skinny".  Did NOT love the ginger and spice one...  Experience: My only issue is that the meal tends to be distracting, as the tables are quite close together, and there is ALWAYS hustle and bustle in this place, so I wouldn't necessarily use it for important nights (i.e. proposals or something).  But for a night out on the town, and to see some of Scottsdale's prettiest people, I wouldn't miss it.
My biggest gripe is that it was so dark in the restaurant, I couldn't read the menu or see what I was eating.  At one point, put a gob of pork fat in my mouth, which made me gag.    Pork shoulder was OK.  Fingerling potatoes good.  Bread basket not very tasty.  Friend loved her pork chop and has had pork there several times.  But I wouldn't go back.
OMG!  I am so dragging my boyfriend here!
Strawberry coconut mojito, pork tacos, and churros are amazing.
The drinks and the guacamole are really outstanding.  Really yummy.    The actual meals really lacked taste when made vegan.  I wouldn't recommend this place if you have someone with food sensitivities or allergies in your party.  They really did try to be accommodating, but they struggled getting the order right.  When the order did come out, it lacked taste completely.  I'm sure their regular menu made the regular way is amazing because the guacamole was one of the most amazing things that I have ever eaten.    Also, very pricey.  More expensive than I would have anticipated (even considering its location) and I did not feel like I got what I paid for overall.
Is it "Location! Location! Location!" or "Ambiance! Ambiance! Ambiance!"? The Mission has both; it's in an ideal location to begin a night out on the town, and the restaurant's low lighting and sexy decor will had me feeling just as spicy as the Latin-infused fare.  My favorite dish, hands down, was a side of creamy grits with chipotle and honey. Everything was tasty, duck empanadas, pork belly pibl, guacamole, though nothing especially stood out as much as that humble side of grits mixed with perfection.  The service was a little over-attentive, but the guy was sweet and obviously trying his best. And he was Johnny-on-the-spot with the wine, so who can really complain about a few interruptions?   Sexy restaurant. Satisfying food.
Absolutely delicious and unique food in a fantastic ambience- even our teenage daughters gave it thumbs up on cool factor...
The Mission is wonderful! The ambiance is amazing .... it's dimly lit with beautiful chandeliers and great architecture. My husband and I dined here for my birthday and we had a great experience. The host was extremely attentive upon arrival and our waiter, Sam, was amazing! He thoroughly knew the menu and explained everything to us page by page.   We started our meal with fresh guacamole made at our table. It was outstanding and they make it as spicy as you would like. Hubby had a really nice malbec with his Chimmichurri Marinated Hanger Steak and a side of green beans. I had the primarita margarita with Tecate Skirt Steak tacos and a side of the creamy chipotle grits. The presentation of the food was beautiful and tasted just as good as it looked.  Cannot say enough about the wonderful food, ambiance, and service!
I researched the Mexican liquor mezcal for a story, and I decided to head to The Mission in Old Town Scottsdale to try some out.  The Mission is a gorgeous, dimly lit restaurant with chandeliers all over. It's beautiful, relaxing and definitely quiet enough where you can enjoy conversation. The crowd was just as stunning as any you'd see in an Old Town nightclub, too.  Besides the tasty mezcal I tried (lick some Tabasco off your hand before you sip it--trust me, it's great), I also loved The Mission's sangria, which was super-sweet.  There were not that many vegetarian options. I started off with a bowl of the gazpacho, which was chunk-free and had the perfect amount of spice to it. If you've never had the cold soup before, I highly recommend it here.  For dinner, I got the corn gorditas, which is normally an appetizer and definitely was not filling enough for a meal. The mini-corn tortillas were topped with veggies, and while tasty, the portion was meager. Next time, I'll try the veggie tacos.  The restaurant's moderately priced, and even though the food left me wanting more, the chic atmosphere really stands out in Old Town and was ultra-romantic.
I recently went to The Mission for my birthday dinner with friends. I LOVED it and would recommend it to anyone.  We all shared a couple of the orders of tableside guacamole and it was amazing- probably the best I've ever had. They make it as spicy as you want so we got ours pretty spicy and everyone thought it was great.  I wasn't too hungry so I just ordered an appetizer for my meal- the Pork Belly Pibil. Omg. So. Amazing. It had so many unique flavors and the pork belly was fantastic. "Avocado crema and banana habanero aioli".......... I wish I was a chef that could cook up these kind of creations. Our waiter suggested I order a side of tortillas to put the pork belly in to make mini tacos... Awesome suggestion. I couldn't even finish everything, I was so full.  All of my friends having dinner with me raved about their food as well. I know a couple of them ordered the prix fix meal since we were actually there during AZ Restaurant Week and my boyfriend had the steak tacos. They also brought out a complimentary dessert with a sparkler on it for my birthday!  My only complaint would be that it was very dark! We were seated outside on the patio and there was no light other than some small candles on the table. I'd suggest taking a look at the menu online before you go (if you're going for dinner), because it may be a little hard to see the menu when you get there!
Best guacamole I've ever tasted...and that's coming from someone who typically doesn't like it.  Custom made table-side, this fresh dip would keep me coming back, if it wasn't located out of state!  The chicken tacos were equally amazing!  Highly recommended.
My wife and I went to The Mission tonight with some friends during our trip to Scottsdale, AZ, and we loved it! We ordered a sampling of nearly everything on the menu, and everything we ordered was wonderful.    Some of our favorite dishes were - guacamole made at the table (medium spice), short rib tacos, mahi mahi tacos, pork belly appetizer, and bread pudding.  I had the avocado margarita and was pleasantly surprised that it was a really good margarita.  One of our friends ordered one of the tequila flights, and he said it was the best value he'd ever seen - 4 very nice samplings of tequila and great quality for a great price.  The decor was nice, and we were especially taken by the wall of Himalayan salt bricks.  It really is a sight to see with the lighting behind the bricks shining through. The one negative was that we were at a table with a HUGE painting sticking out from the wall that was a little intrusive, but it didn't ruin our meal by any means.  If you're ever in old town Scottsdale, I recommend you go to The Mission.  It's a good picture taking opportunity too with the mission building next door.
super pricey. 4 weak drinks and guacamole, $60.  loud. guac was just ok.
Great guacamole and pork shoulder.  Would definitely recommend
Great food but felt overpriced when we got the bill.  We shared several appetizers and a drink each (2 couples) and it ended up being about $60/couple.
Great service and atmosphere, Delicious food! Duck empanadas were amazing! Highly recommend and will definitely go back.
Went here on a whim for my birthday on labor day weekend with a couple friends. It was AMAZING! Excellent food & excellent service in a beautiful atmosphere! I will be coming back again & again. Thank you!
Great service and lovely ambiance. Perfect for a delicious dinner with friends and co-workers
Try it if you like e-Coli poisoning and a evening spent on or near the toilet. The Pozole has the taste and texture of a barbecued sock, and comes with a side of salmonella. In the interest of fairness the guacamole was good and the service was decent.
Great Margaritas!!
Our first visit to The Mission. Won't be our last. Best value in Phoenix/Scottsdale by far. Service, food, ambience were all pitch perfect. Only negative: man the light is to dim to read the menu or see your food when it arrives....up the wattage on the candles!  Start with an avocado margarita, sets the mood and is amazing, smooth and refreshing. For appetizers we had the pork belly, too much for two because we also had the guacamole, but I am still salivating just thinking about it. The avocado crema and aioli gave the sweet pork belly a real boost -- a must order.  For mains we had the pork shoulder and short rib tacos, both excellent and finished by sharing the the pumpkin seed bread pudding. Zero complaints, manager and about three other servers checked in on us. The price was a BONUS!! $130 for two appies, three drinks, two mains and a dessert!! You can't beat it. I can't wait to go back and I always have a complaint.
One of the best meals my girlfriend and I have had. From beginning to end, everything was fantastic.  We had the Peruvian stew,  grilled  street corn, flank steak and  creamy grits. The food was a bit spicy so be prepared. Finished with the churros and milkshake combo and it was great. Drinks were tasty and service awesome as well! Highly suggested.
Not sure I can much more than the other yelpers here...but man, this place was truly awesome.  If you are headed to the Scottsdale area, make your reservation now - they are hard to get last minute, unless you want to eat at 9:30pm.  The bar area is a bit small, but it included two large communal tables for dining so you could lucky get and snag a spot there.    My girlfriends and I shared the table-side guacamole (medium level) and crispy cola pork to start - both were fab, I felt sad when the plates were empty. The margarita's are cold, strong and made to perfection.  For dinner, we again shared.. Grilled Street Corn (off the cob) and four types of the street tacos: Butternut Squash, Chicken, Skirt Steak and Barbocoa.  We devoured every morsel on the plate.  Each dish was super flavorful and had just the right amount of heat.  Great service, atmosphere and food!  I wish this place was in my hood... but for now, I just look forward to my next visit to Scottsdale.
Since moving here, I needed to find the perfect "special dinner" place. You know what I mean, we all have one. It is our go to place for a special event, birthday, date or family visit. And while I have not had that many special events yet, I have had some family visits. And my parents only stay at the Saguaro hotel when they come to Phoenix. But more on that later.   So whenever they are in town, we will go to The Mission. It is just a great place for a nice dinner without it being too stuffy. While every meal I have had there has been great, I cant honestly remember what I ate. But I do remember the guacamole. As a fat foodie, I love when a dish is prepared table side. And they do this for the guacamole, and it is the best guacamole I have ever had. How do I know this? I hate guacamole. I try to never eat on purpose, but when I go to The Mission that part of me dies. And I inhale this stuff. So you have to try the guacamole is what I am getting at. And order their house margarita or their Blood Orange margarita (if it is still on the menu). Another thing that becomes costly, because they go down so smooth and taste so good before you know it your a little drunk.   I have never had service problems. And both times I have gone, it has been packed. And while it does get loud, you can still hear yourself. Try to get a seat outside in the back. Nothing fancy about it but it just a great outside setting that is not patio or Jimmy Buffet themed (sorry, tex-mex places with outdoor seating usually go down the Buffet route).   Also the drinks are not watered down. Trust me.
Guacamole, chips, and salsa...FABULOUS Pork belly lettuce wraps...DELICIOUS Steak tacos...TASTY Shrimp tacos...GREASY Poblano grits...NOT BAD Lamb ribs...FATTY Skewered corn...GOOD Alcoholic beverages...WATERED DOWN Ambience...CHARMING
One of my FAVORITE restaurants of all time!! .... 5 stars for Ambiance, Service, and Food!  3 cheers to the Chef and the Entire Team, including the hostess, bartender, busboy, and to our wonderful waiter.  My favorite is the soup that is pure heaven with flavor galore and absolutely gorgeous.   I also really love the grilled corn - its a must!!
meh, you were so, mission...ary common place, and just barely better than, the rest of them mediocre joints we've been  to, in town, believed the hype supposed to be, a special night but alas, just missionary mundane, married sex, like many other spots, folks yelp about jump up and down, scream and shout 'think i died, and went to heaven' 'scale, one to ten?, I'd give eleven' 'stars? they're aren't enough to give' sorry folks, and please forgive me, but we were not impressed overly, as we ingest ed, selections, good enough adequate, up to snuff status quo, should have been wary of the love, like sex that married people have, flat on their back a kiss a peck, some this and that then do the do, for five to ten roll over and, remember when the sex was hot, shit, off the charts candles lit, there in the dark couldn't get enough of it and now they sit and dream and wish it wasn't just the missionary through the motions, not contrary to the norm, no shades of gray spank and pinch, whips and chains candle wax, clamps and toys blindfold, handcuffs, add a boy or a girl, mix it up s&m, a little rough er, like it used to be that would be five stars to me but instead, we say ho-hum apps? ok, steak? overdone carter, chefin', sweet decor service good, tequila poured into our margs, yep we enjoyed but the food, is where the void was felt, meh...not that great didn't love the hanger steak mahi taco's? we've had betta guacamole, pork prochetta  both alright, food, just  sufficed but we expected more that night a little more bang for the buck instead of just your average f**k value? a bit pricey, yes but happy to pay, for the best just can't say that it was great will say we enjoyed our wait er, smart n funny, did his best took some money, off our check props for this, but can't say that we will ever, venture back just can't do it, missionary ...maybe someday, when we're married.
For once I cannot say one bad thing about this place there skirt steak tacos are to die  for and there margaritas are amazing nothing artificial is in these things just fresh squeezed juices and tequila this place is a bit upscale and pricey but well worth it
Went for a late lunch.  Guacamole was good, as was the sangria margarita that I had (yes, it's a mix of the two, forgot what the actual name was called).  Got a torta, and the meat was marinated well.  A little sweet but not too sweet.  Portion size was huge.  The fish tacos were good also.  Service left more to be desired and I'm particularly irked that they didn't log in my Opentable reservation.  I was contacted by Opentable after my visit asking why I didn't show up for my reservation.  It all got sorted out but shouldn't have happened in the first place.
My yelp-foodie group decided to make the Mission our second spot to visit and review. This review is only based on my last visit with this group.  I understand sometimes its a bit overwhelming trying to cater to a big group (8 of us) but it literally took over 10 minutes to get our first round of drinks. We immediately ordered the guacamole and chips for appetizers.  I really enjoy their table side guac all the time as a starter. I would have wanted it much spicier, but I am not sure how much the rest of my guests would of appreciated that. I ordered the Mahi Mahi tacos. Yes, they are very small, but they definitely filled me up. Cooked to perfection always. The wine we ordered also complemented the meal. My friend ordered the street corn. WOW, I never knew corn could taste so good. I've been to Mission many times and I cannot believe I never ordered it.  This place is definitely a date night spot with beautiful dim lighting. I would highly recommend to make reservations.
The ambiance is great, this is a beautiful restaurant. However I felt underwhelmed by the food especially considering some of the rave reviews here. We did try the pork belly pibil appetizer I had read about. The pork was wonderfully tender but had little flavor other than the dollop of sauce on top. The mahi mahi tacos were again OK but nothing to write home about. The fried bananas dessert was a tasty standout. Also it may sound silly but the espresso was excellent. Overall going to The Mission was an enjoyable experience but I don't see much need to return.
Let me break this down.  The company was a 6 star, but that's out of the subject.   The food was on the uneventful side with some shining accents. The guacamole was good and they mix it at your table, which adds some charm to the deal. Also you can request more or less spiciness which was good too. the avocados weren't as ripe as I would like them, though.  The roast corn gorditas were really tasteful but a little shy on the huitlacoche and really small, specially for $9.   I ordered the Chimmichurri Marinated Hanger Steak which description in the menu reads as follos: pan de bono + charred leek & scallion soubise + tomatillo salad. OK, the name and elaboration is for the presentation and for the price tag, I guess, but when it comes to flavor, it was more like an OK steak with some undetermined flavor.   I guess the labeling takes an important place here. If you give a dish a name, like chimichurri and the person who tries it has never try it before, it might be really good. But when you're expecting something and they deliver something else is kind of deceitful.  BTW the grilled street corn was pretty good!  The wine was good. We had the tempranillo Coto (I believe that was the name) and it was really good and inexpensive. I also tried the house melbac (courtesy of a really nice friend of mine :) and it was pretty good as well.  The decor is nice but there are a couple of things that I didn't like. The lightning is super dark, like in I-can't-read-the-menu-dark. The upper walls (where the ac vents are) looks dirty and stained. It might be that it was so dark that it was painting or something else, but it looks dirty to me.  The men's room has just one stall and one urinal. I guess the place was built before the new rules and so on, but more toilet space would be appreciated.  I would go back but I might lower my expectations next time. And I'll make sure that I have awesome company (like this time) because that really helps!
Loved the guacomole, and the atmosphere.
I'm surprised this place doesn't have more lower rated reviews. We should have sat in the patio because couldn't see our menus or even our food indoors. Seemed every table was using their flashlight iPhone app. I complained on deaf ears. Chicken was dry, food presentation nice (if only we could see the food on the plates!) but lacked much else. Way overpriced for what you get (tiny servings). Best thing was the side of beans (amazing!). Next time will try the place across the street.
This is my favorite restaurant in a city crowded with excellent choices. Mission is in it's own league and continues to be creative.  I'll quote my prior review:  "The Almejas Al Vapor is an incredible dish." Words do not do this restaurant justice....it's really that good. This time we tried a new twist....the Mini churros for Dessert with a small milkshake. Incredible!  I love coming here when it's NOT tourist season. It's still packed and still requires a reservation, but it's much more relaxing.   Wonderful experience. Bobbly Flay probably eats here :-)
Really cool atmosphere - the bar area is awesome with a salt lamp wall.  The food is outstanding - we ordered the peruvian clam stew and it was one of the best dishes I've ever had.  Don't skip the pumpkin bread pudding either.  The guacamole was good, definitely not the best I've ever had, but worth ordering.  The flour tortillas were hand-made and warm.  The drinks were STIFF and tasty.  One margarita had my wheels rolling.  Staff were helpful and service was great.  We will almost always try a new place, but we definitely will go back to The Mission when we get to Scottsdale.
Had a buddy of mine take me and my wife here and I wasn't all that hungry because he likes to eat much earlier than I do. I loved the atmosphere and will definately try it again. I liked my dish but like I said I wasn't all that hungry.
I went there for an anniversary dinner, just my wife and I. It is a dark restaurant with tight seating. Very busy when we were there. Great service. Honestly some of the best guacamole I've ever had and I eat it a lot. Delicious desserts. Expect smaller portions though, it's part of the fancy vibe they have. I'm not going to be eating there often, but every time will be great.
Yum.  Wonderful food, excellent service, great atmosphere.  I LOVED the chips and salsa, some of the best I have ever had.  The white beans were amaze-balls and the table-side guacamole was entertaining & scrumptious.  The drink I ordered was too sweet for my taste, so the on-top-of-it manager made sure that the bartender made me a replacement drink more to my liking, at no charge.  The space is calm, cool & collected.  I'd say worth the wait for sure.  If I ever come back to Scottsdale I'll be B-lining for The Mission.
Sorry, it's been a while since I've been to the Mission; but reading someone else's review made me realize; I need to YELP.  Whenever I see corn on the menu; I have to get the street corn - yummy!!!  Just always have to get extra napkins; since it's messy. Also, since someone else paid; we tried the Pork Shoulder tacos to share.  It was plenty of food for the 2 of us.  Love the atmosphere and will definitely be back for the corn and will have to try the posole...
Made our first visit to The Mission a few weeks ago to celebrate our friends birthday.  Our reservation was for 8 pm and my hubby and I were about 20 minutes early.  The table wasn't quite ready yet so we had a seat in the little "waiting area."  The sweet hostess brought us some cute little complimentary margarita tasters.  A nice touch I thought for waiting.  The cantelope one was nice and refreshing.    Once our table on the patio was ready we were escorted outside to the nicely lit back patio-it had a nice vibe to it.  I was pleased to find out our waiter was Sam.  I had read in other Yelpers reviews that Sam was the man.  And he was! He was very informative, checked on our table at all the right times and didn't bug us too much.  He had a great personality and made our experience even more enjoyable.  So all in all our service was top notch!  The food:  I see other people complaining-maybe they don't understand that The Mission is more of a gourmet latin american restaurant (read: smaller portions).  But that didn't bother me.  My barbacoa tacos were absolutely delicious!  Small tortillas but piled with barbacoa-just the way it should be!    We all enjoyed the tableside guacamole-made to perfection.  For my drink I had The Missionary-a perfect blend of margarita and sangria.  (I had a few of those actually).  Everyone at our table raved about the excellent food and drinks-we were all pleased.    Sam ordered a pumpkin bread pudding for my friend the birthday girl.  We ended up ordering two more as they were absolutely amazing!  I don't even like bread pudding but I do love pumpkin so I tried it.    The Mission is an ideal spot for a date night or for a nice spot to gather with friends for a special occassion.  We will be back several times in the future!
i came here for dinner the other day while in town and although i had a great dinner here...the only thing that really stood out was the dessert i had....its the only thing that im writing the review on.  sat down at the bar for a bite and to watch the world series game...had some drinks. had tacos. wanted something sweet...so i ordered dessert.  FML. MIND BLOWING DESSERT ALERT.  we've all had churros at some point and time in our lives right...its kinda like eating a donut really...when its fresh, its amazing.  fried, sweet, and tastes like cinnamon...cant go wrong...  i USED to think this UNTIL i had the churros here at the Mission.  they serve up these mini churros here WITH a tres leches milkshake/ice cream that will make a grown man cry tears of joy.  i mean, im over there taking bites and barely able to control my emotions...knowing that i dont live in the area and will not be able to eat this anytime i wanted...  little deep fried churros that simply put, are the most delicious churro ive ever had... crispy, fried, buttery, sweet, cinnamon-y, just simply amazing little things...  go to The Mission. eat the churros. you will geek out when you do....
Be careful of what you eat. 8 of us went for lunch. Two of us had the brisket and we got food poisoning.
Food: -Table-side guac, best and freshest-tasting guac ever; little guac man actually pushes a little cart full of ingredients to you and makes the guac, by your table-side -Street corn, good, liked the option of having the corn shaved in a bowl instead of on a cob so I didn't look like I'm from Sparta eating -Chorizo porchetta, decent but not the best pork shoulder I've had, wasn't as tender as I'd like, tasted more gamey than I'm used to -Green chili duck confit, I didn't try this but feedback from my dining partner was thumbs up -Pumpkin bread pudding with ice cream and pomegranate pieces, I approve as a dessert connoisseur -Espresso churros, interesting but was just okay; didn't like the milkshake you're supposed to dip the churros in, hate alcoholic taste in my dessert stuff; churro sticks looked like poo on a plate  Service: -Our waiter memorized his menu spiel but didn't seem too genuinely enthusiastic about anything, was very fatigued (or stoned?) looking the whole time, also his stoned smiles made me feel uncomfortable/creeped out -Forgot our orders for a really long time and I almost got full on chips, the waiter didn't try to make up for it but just did his creepy-stoned-smiley-apology  Ambiance: -Very nice setting, one of the few outdoors patios I like -Lights are too dim and I couldn't see shit
Awesome!
I'm on a mission to find good Mexican food in AZ.  I'm not talking about Sonoran or fresh mex.  The mission is probably the best restaurant I've been to in AZ!!!  The outside of the restaurant reminds me of the alamo in San Antonio, TX.  We had the skirt steak street tacos, street corn, crab and corn pancakes, and the banana and blueberry pancakes.  It was brunch on a Sunday of course!  All the food was superb!  Skirt streak came in 3 small tacos, but was very filling.  Skirt steak itself was so tender and not chewy!  Crab and corn pancakes reminded us of the crab salad at zinc bistro and find out later both are owned by the same person! Win win!  Lots of fresh crab on top of corn pancakes!  The street corn was amazing!!!  We asked the server to cut it off the husk and it was made with some sort of sauce that had a huge kick!!! It was crunchy and sweet and then spicy from the sauce!  My husband and I still cannot stop thinking about it!!  I have no idea what was in that sauce!  The children had banana and blueberry pancakes! So yummy! The bananas were fried and caramelized! This place rocks and it is so affordable!! We can't wait to go back!
This was our fist time here, it had been recommended be several of our friends, so on a whim we decided to check it out. I called at 5:30pm on a Sunday night to see if we needed reservations, at first the hostess said they had an opening at 8:45... but then recanted and said they could get us in at 6:45 and then I told her, 'no'. Then she asked how far away we were and all of a sudden could get us in at 5:45 (so initially that was off putting).... needless to say, glad we got there when we did because the place filled up quickly, also, if you get there before 6 don't bother with reservations, there will be plenty of available space. We sat at the bar so we could watch the football game - and I'm glad we did. Almost immediately, our bartender/waiter Jordan was there to greet us. He was very knowledgeable, very friendly, and seriously, genuinely seemed to enjoy his job. He was awesome!! We ordered our drinks, I ordered the margarita that Jordan recommended (Primarita) and my husband ordered the sangria/margarita (Missionary) both were very strong and very good. For dinner we split the dinner for 2 - pork shoulder tacos. The meat was so tender it melted in my mouth! Very flavorful! Then we decided to try a dessert. The espresso churros and milk shake... I could have just ordered that and been content. fantastic!! lastly, we decided to go for a night cap. A dessert drink. We both had the Rum Chatta/Espresso. It came in 2 Italian coffee cups.  All in all, we loved the decor, the coziness of the restaurant, the service was exceptional, and the food and drinks were spectacular! If you are looking for something a little different, not your typical Mexican joint, this is your place!
Went with another couple, drinks and appetizers were great but my entrée was absolutely awful.
This place was suprisingly OK for Arizona restaurants.  The Roast Corn Gordita appetizer is very spicy but very good.  I got the mushroom taco and really did not like it.  But some of my other friends ordered the chicken, pulled pork and the squash tacos and liked them.  The pumpkin bread pudding was very yummy.  I would have just been happy ordering that! lol  being we were there for a bachelorette dinner, they brought out a sparkler with the complementary bread pudding which was a nice surprise for the occasion.  The service was not very tentative so things seemed to drag out.  But i am from the east coast so we like things on a faster pace then most.  If you like this type of food i would recommend trying it out.
Such a fan of this restaurant. I have been for brunch, lunch and dinner. Each time I have visited, I have had fantastic service. I love the style and ambience of the restaurant. I love the location and how it was actually a mission at one point. I don't think they missed a mark anywhere with this restaurant. When the food, service, and ambiance are all in sync, you have yourself one fantastic restaurant on your hands. My recs would be the table side guac, shrimp tacos, street corn, grilled prawn salad, and the peruvian clam soup!!!!! I am in love with that soup! You can't go wrong with anything though! Oh and the margaritas are top notch, especially the Primarita. It is more expensive but so worth it! I also love the red sangria.   The curros are also mind blowing. I can go on forever about this restaurant. It is one of my favorites in old town! Hands down!
WOW! This place is great! A definite restaurant not only to return to, but to recommend to friends. I made a reservation earlier in the week for Wednesday night - so glad I did: the place was buzzing!   My romantic husband did all the ordering for me and hit everything on the head. The Colorado Lamb Ribs Adobada was so delish - I could have had another! For our entrees, my husband ordered the Creekstone Filet and Diver Scallops. The filet was a bit too red for my taste, but my husband loved it! The scallops were the best I've ever had - they simply melted in my mouth! The smoked banana pieces that were on the plate were pretty and all, but I did not like them (nor did the people at the next table who we let try them). And of course, the Mission Fries were a happy combination for both my husband and I. I took them home and even ate them cold the next day and they were still wonderfully tasty!   Our stomachs so full that we could not even order dessert (shouldn't have had the chips and salsa the waiter brought out twice). But, our new friends from the next table did give me a taste of the pumpkin bread pudding and it was exceptional! I will definitely save room for that next time.  By coincidence, our waiter ended up being the famous "Sam" and all previous reviews are right - he is simply great! He loved that my husband ordered for me, kept the food a secret, showed up at the right times, and was just all around a nice guy. The restaurant itself was lively and fun. The chandeliers and mirrors gave it a romantic touch and I also loved the tiled wall! Manager was on hand (not that there were any problems, just wanted to tell him I loved this place) and everyone seemed really happy to be working here!   We will definitely be back!
Solid spot!
I really like this restaurant.  Drinks, appetizers, and deserts were all 5 stars.  Dinner was good, just not great.  I think they are guilty of just being a little over ambitious with there main selections.  I had the chirizo porchetta and it looked and sounded great, but it was just average....the pork was overcooked and dried out.  My wife had the swordfish veracruz and she liked it, but thought it was kinda boring.  Overall, still a very good experience, but not 5 stars.  I will go back though as the restaurant and ambience is beautiful and the service was superb.
The best guacamole on the planet!  It also, had pozole, and a great ribeye steak.  This would be the perfect place for a romantic dinner.  It is ultrachic, and has a great wine list.  The desserts were also to die for.  The service I must admit was a bit amateurish, but I must give them 5 stars for effort, and sincerity!  What has really sold me on this place it has a good combination of street food, as well as classic dishes.  If you are looking for a great restaurant in the Phoenix, AZ area this is at the top of the list.
Not a fan... Really nice atmosphere, just could not get with the food unfortunately. I had to order room service after i left just to make sure i ate however i am a very picky eater so you just might like this place. Fresh guac was pretty good probably the best thing i had an im not a fan of guac so kinda strange. Right down the st from Hotel Valley Ho where i was staying i would have been better off ordering room service!!!
Best meal in Scottsdale!! Try the appetizers less expensive than the entree and tasty!!
Ate at the Mission twice during our stay in the area.  Both times we had very good food and drinks, great service - we will go back again when in the area.
Sooooooo Goooooood!  Loved the front patio seating w/the fireplace. We sat there X-mas eve and felt cozy w/the patio gas heaters on.  The inside decor is great, colors, types of seating, bar area, lighting etc...   My husband & I shared a Don Julio Tequila Flight and our Waitress took time to explain the various tequila and the aging process plus she had great tips and recommendations on the menu.   We also shared the crispy pork belly appetizer, the table side guacamole, the braised beef tacos and the pumpkin bread pudding. Absolutely everything was fabulous. Up there with the top tasting restaurants and best ambiance In my opinion!
As a hopeless foody I think I am hard to impress, but this place knocked my socks off.  After reading reviews and talking to a few locals we decided to dine at the Mission on a Saturday night.  Our reservations were for late, but we wandered in early and grabbed a seat at the bar.  Sitting next to us a local was ordering and ran through the menu with us...he was so enthusiastic that we decided to get a few appetizers there....they were incredible.  My wife got an wonderful drink that paired with the house guacamole and the braised pork belly perfectly.  The fresh made chips were terrific, and the pork belly portion was bigger than most steaks I have had recently.  Topped with caramelized onions, perfectly spiced, just the right balance of crisp on top and unctuous in the middle.  The appetizers were so incredible we decided to keep going.  The ambience was wonderful, the crowd was sociable and we ordered the Peruvian clam stew, the duck confit and the sweet potato fries....oh, almost forgot the braised beef street tacos.  The portions were all huge, and it was clear that we had ordered too much, but we shared with the folks around us.  The street tacos were good, topped with a crisp slaw and fresh homemade bread and butter pickles.  I would say they were just what we expected.  The duck was excellent, and more than enough for my wife and I to split...and we still couldn't finish it all.  The fries were great....and good fries should never be taken for granted.  But, the dish that trumped them all was the clam stew.   The spicy brown broth was light...almost airy, and its all about the broth.  The stew was just spicy enough, without being overpowering.  I actually had a dream about it that night.... OK, we are obviously fans.  Great ambience, terrific service, warm rich dark decor that makes you feel good when you walk in on a cool winter night, excellent drinks...need I say more.   If you are in the Phoenix area make this a priority stop....you will not be disappointed.
great food, solid service, wonderful ambiance - one of the best mexican restaurants in Phoenix
Great atmosphere, knowledgeable wait staff,  delicious food, and oh my goodness...the pumpkin bread pudding is amazing!!!
The food and drinks here are amazing! 5 stars for sure! I have to deduct a point for service though, the last 2 times we dined here, it seemed to take forever to get drinks, and the servers aren't very good at explaining dishes, nor are they personable.   The cucumber Jalapeño margorita is one of my favorite drinks around.  We always start with the guacamole (make sure you order it spicy, its really not that hot) and it never fails us. For entrees, my gf always gets the tecate steak tacos and they are fantastic. last time i had the pork shoulder tacos for two, and wow, were they flavorful. love the street corn here too. I had one of the steak dishes once as well, and I can't say I was disappointed. It was cooked perfect, and full of flavor.   This is one of our favorite restaurants for the time being, i just wish the service was a little better.
I was very impressed with The Mission.  Immediately walking in, I was struck by the romantic atmosphere. It was dimly lit, but had lots of candle light and chandeliers.  I really thought the restaurant was just beautiful and felt intimate.    Our service was excellent.  We had table-side guacamole, halibut, and porchetta. The margaritas were really good- I love margaritas!    My boyfriend took me to The Mission at the recommendation of some friends. I'm so glad we went because it was a really special experience. I want to go back the next time we are in Scottsdale!
Bravo!  Went for dinner, and liked it so much, went back two nights later.  Name it, service, cuisine, ambiance (you need a flashlight or candle to read the menu), or friendliness...this is the place!  Date night? Yes. Celebration? Yes. Gourmet enrichment? Yes. The guacamole ROCKs, order it! The street corn rocks, order it!  The grits (both types) rock, order both! Try any recipe with pork shoulder. Each bite is a celebration of flavor. I was pounding on the table with joy. Pumpkin bread pudding was a celebration of wonder. Order it.  Don't come without a reservation unless you feel lucky. We saw people being turned away. Come hungry. They limit your time...so say for a 5:15 reservation, they politely indicate when being seated that you have until 7 (rare, but they do it well). This didn't bother us at all as we had plenty of time.  This place is a Scottsdale must, possibly even a Phoenix must. You MUST dine here.  Bon appetit!
I really like The Mission.  My second trip here for lunch and it didn't disappoint.    We had a larger group with us this time but everyone loved their meal.  The guacamole is outstanding, we ordered two this time because it's so good.  Chips are fresh and the salsa has a wonderful tomato puree base with a medium heat.  Chicken Anticuchos were a big hit, I didn't try them but everyone at the table gave them rave reviews.  I had the butternut squash tacos, I love these the flavor is incredible.  Husband tried the Cuban sandwich this time and thought it was excellent, another at our table tried the brisket sandwich - also giving rave reviews.  One person ordered the pozole and everyone went nuts for it!  I also ordered a side of the white bean puree - if you even just kind of like beans, try this it is so delicious!!  I could have ordered three sides of this as my meal. I gave everyone a taste and I could see them waiting to pounce if I left a speck in my bowl.  There is a public lot across the street which makes parking a breeze.  The ambiance is nice, big bar with TV's, tight tables with dim lighting in the interior restaurant, nice patio seating out front.  Service has been excellent both times but the hostess staff is similar to the interior lighting - dim.  My next move is to go at night for dinner and try some margaritas.
I am really loving the Mission after a recent visit.  The margaritas are fantastic and the "skinny" one is strong and delicious.  Last visit, I had the duck empanadas which were delicious. Every time the atmosphere is really fun.  I will say inside can sometimes be a little loud so if you are having super serious conversation you might sit outside on one of the patios.
Really great food and service. Loved the ambience at night. This place would be packed to the rafters in LA.
Three of us locals went to try a restaurant we had never been to before and came out wondering how come we didn't find this place before!  The service was impeccable...from the hostess to our waitress to the manager.  Everyone was friendly and helpful.  We ordered the guacomole that is prepared tableside and we practically licked the bowl.  The posole and kobe dog hit the spot on a chilly afternoon.  The manager, Michelle, stopped by our table and after some Facebook discussion, sent us three small avocado margeritas to taste.  OMG!  I can't wait to spread the word about this place and I know my boys will LOVE the kobe dog.  Can't wait to go again soon!
This is all you need to know about the mission:  1. Make a reservation. If not, you probably won't be seated for a while. This place is popular!  2. BEST GUAC EVER. Get it. You won't be disappointed.   3. Delicious take on Mexican food. It's a refreshing change from the norm.   4. The pork shoulder taco's for 2 are AMAZING. Get them. And at only $32.... not pricey at all (especially for two people)! The salmon is excellent as well.   5. The side dish of corn is delectable. Get that too.   6. Go for your birthday or anniversary and get their take on bread pudding, free. We're going tonight for a birthday and I can't wait to sink my teeth into the pumpkin bread pudding, YUM!  7. Service is excellent. Servers are knowledgable. Great decor. Romantic.
Based on Yelp reviews and general hype, made reservations for 3 for my buddies and I as we were meeting in Scottsdale for 4 days of golf.  The place was crowded (good) and atmosphere was great.  The right noise/activity level though quite a bit of the clientele were older (60+) semi-snobby acting loud-talkers.  I imagine it's a popular spot for tourists as well (though not during that VERY slow week in town).  The small bar area was much better and offered us the opportunity to wince as we watched an incredibly beautiful woman try to get away from what was clearly an online-dating nightmare...very entertaining and a study in body language for sure! Aaaayway...  As the hostess started to lead us into the dining room, we noticed that all of the 4-tops were quite small.  That-is, small for 4 guys 6'2" - 6'5" and 210 - 250 lbs.  We looked one another and made the obvious point...we would be packed next to each other.  We instead opted for the long high-top bar table and it was perfect for us.  Server (Meghan?) was excellent.  Cute little gal who did a great job explaining things and checking-in regularly.  Of course, we're hard to miss there in the center of the bar area.  Food - Quality was excellent.  Nicely presented but waaaaay to much emphasis on making it feel "haute-ish".  Latin dishes done very well but be prepared for excessively small portions.  They must run a fantastic food cost here.  Porchetta with house-made Chorizo (no more than 4 ounces) and a puny bowl/ramekin of pureed white beans and crema of some sort (maybe 1/2 cup)...$28.00!  Of course, nicely decorated plate and again, excellent quality and flavor profile.  But come-on, it's Porchetta and Chorizo for cryin out loud.   Also ordered their side of house-made tortillas - Four or five 3" round little tortillas served on a big heated salt rock...$8!  Now THAT was funny...or not.  So - Good food, done well.  BUT I won't go back based only on the silly portion sizes for the money and trust me, I almost never gripe about the price as long as the quality is there.    Would definitely go back for drinks or a $7 Stella (yeah, I know) and maybe find that amazingly beautiful woman trapped by her stalker-date! (alas...sigh).
The Mission has rich architectural history and atmosphere PLUS amazing food. The food and the service is always outstanding!
I love the French pressed coffee! Everything I have ever eaten from this place has been amazing. I try something new except for the french pressed coffee I'm just amazed I haven't found a coffee house that offers it. But the Mission has GREAT FOOD and even better Service. I love the tortas the most but everything is amazing!
Great quality food and ambiance for a 1:1 meal. The only reason this place didn't get 5 stars was b/c the portion sizes were small. For the price I was a bit surprised I didn't see a bit more come out.  Everything else was fantastic and I would visit this restaurant again.
I'm from Chicago and Chicago has great food.  The Mission was fabulous!  I loved it.  The server helped me pick out a great wine to go with my steak tacos that was perfect.  I can't wait to go back here.
Best restaurant in phoenix . Excellent food and service .. I would take anyone here ! Great great great !
Came in for lunch & drinks while on vacation and instantly fell in love with the decor and ambiance, what a great place.  Our second love was the guac - seriously...the BEST I have ever had. If there was guac in heaven, this would be it. So freaking good.  Both the hus and I opted for different tacos, all of which were delish & the service was great. Definitely a great spot for lunch and I imagine and even better place for dinner & bar atmosphere.
Awesome food and good service. We were there for my birthday and sat on their very nice, intimate patio. I would definitely return.
The Mission is a quandary.  I like the flair and inventiveness the restaurant brings to the food.  Beyond that from the, "Hi, do you have a reservation" to OMG at the size of the check TM is hard slogging.    If you're into food TM should be sought out but if you're looking for a good time I suggest avoiding them and that would be two stars not worth the time an money.
The Mission is a wonderful restaurant located in Old Town Scottsdale and priced accordingly.  We came here this past Friday night around 5;30 or so.  Over drinks and our meal, we keep discussing the term In-elasticity of demand.  That's economics, for how high you can raise prices before consumers will start cutting back.    You see the food at The Mission is excellent!   It's delicious!  It's outstanding!  But, judging on how they pack them in, the investors who own The Mission, could easily raise prices by 10 or 20%, and no one would blink an eye.  Hopefully, you're not reading my Yelp Reviews for Economics lessons. But to find out about the dining experience and food.  LOL   Since there is no Happy Hour at The Mission, we were lucky to get a table near the bar.  We ordered the "made at your table" Guacamole for $12.00.  Excellent!  If you do not believe me -- checkout the nearly half dozen photos other Yelpers have posted for this one menu item.  Yes, it's very good.  They cut up one avocado, add a pinch of salt, red onion, half a lime, cilantro, pine nuts and some grated mexican cheese. Creamy texture and yummy.  We ordered a glass of Sangria for $8.00. and a Mohito for $12.00.  Both were very good, though each had too much ice.  We also ordered off the appetizers menu the Chicken Anticuchos for $8.00, and Skirt Steak tacos for $12.00.   The chicken comes on two skewers, with a very nice tasting mole that dominates.  It's seasoned with raisin, balsamic, sesame ,cocoa and peanuts.  Very nice.  The three small steak tacos were marinated in Tecate and smoked in their back yard. It's the smokey taste that makes the dish unique.  It also comes with green chili salsa, some diced avocado, cilantro and cotija on top.  These too were delicious and hit the spot.    A shout-out to fellow Yelp'er Pepper T, who coined the term "Petite proteins" in her review.  Nicely said Pepper!  I believe it's nouveau cuisine.  We ordered one more drink before asking for the check.  The damage came to just over $69 including taxes, but before tip.  As I mention in the begining, The Mission gets very crowded and can feel claustrophobic.  It's also dark inside, and at times can be very noisy.  After the show at the Permorming Art Center down the street, we thought about coming back for dessert. But there was about twenty customers waiting outside to be seated.  Maybe next time.  In-elascity of Demand as they say.
Even though it has only been about a month since the last visit, I needed my Almejas Al Vapor "fix". This Peruvian dish is soooo incredible. Also, I had the kale salad which was excellent! This is one of my favorite restaurants anywhere and I'm so glad I get to go to Phoenix, often!
Seriously folks, get the fresh made-at-your-table guac.  It's the best I've ever had!  Damn!  that was delicious!  The pork belly appetizer is also delicious and fatty and succulent.  My wife and i had the pork shoulder tacos.  Meh...  I thought it was juicy and tender, but lacked some flavor.  But then desert came, I had the fried bananas.  OMG!  Super guilty desert.  So good with the chocolate sauce, caramel sauce, peanut butter fluff and ice cream.  You can just skip the main course and go from appetizers to desert.  That would work!
I tried this place because the hotel bartender at Gainey Ranch recommended it to me. He did steer me in the right direction. It was very crowded, and you are going to need a reservation for large groups.   However, we were sat immediately on their little patio out front. It was cozy and lovely. I actually recommend sitting out there when it's not 200 degrees outside. It's away from the hussel and bussel.   The food was delicious! I know their menu selection is limited, but the food that is on there is to die for. The chef is apparently French but working at a Latin restaurant. French and Latin fuse together to make a great combo. I had their filet and a bite of the chicken dish. Both were simply amazing.   ALSO If you only take one thing away from this review, remember to order the guacamole appetizer. It is the best guac I've ever tasted in my life!   If you have lots of money eat here because it's pretty pricey, but totally worth it in my opinion.
Mmmmmmm! I love The Mission, the margaritas are fabulous, amazing tequila flights, the food=AHHHHHHH.......MAZING* Latin American Cuisine at it's finest* The duck special was to die for, creamy honey chipolte grits, bacon haricot verts, mahi tacos, Sunday brunch specials on drinks and all u can eat pork taco buffet for $16. GO EAT HERE. (I also LOVE the ambiance~super romantic, fabulous chandeliers, super chill front & back patio) Enjoy.
I've lived in Tempe for about five years, and if you asked me what my favorite restaurant is, I would say The Mission.  If I were to try and pin down the reason for my favorable opinion, it would be something about the entire dining experience.  Located in Old Town Scottsdale, the actual restaurant is an old church.  At least on the outside.  It always feels like a party is happening on the inside.  Indoor and outdoor tables are available.  There is a vast array of margaritas, most come with actual lime juice, and other sundry drinks.    The dinner menu also boasts a myriad of options.  The food is always great.  I'm always trying to decide between several drinks and several entrees.  Although, I usually order several drinks.  The ambiance is festive and loud with dim lighting.  If you want a quieter dining experience, come during the day light hours.  Often, my daughter accompanies us.  There is free parking near by, and a variety of after dinner locations within easy walking distance, such as ice cream parlors.
We came here during restaurant week last year and it blew our minds. I heard good things before, but really, it started with their award winning drinks. I recall a blood orange margarita that was amazing and then the almejas, which is a Peruvian stew, touched every part of my heart. I got the scallops and split my honeys entree, which I think we're tacos? I can't help but recommend this place to people. I wish it wasn't so loud though. I guess that's part of the Scottsdale thing though! Worth the wait for sure.
I went to this restaurant on a business dinner.  First the atmosphere and decor is spot on.  I am not typically a fan of guacamole, but WOW!!  Reminded me of the old steak restaurants that would fix a Caesar salad at your table.  The server came to the table, asked how hot we wanted our guacamole and fixed up a fresh serving.  It was fantastic.  The rest of the food was quite good.  Two of us had the duck confit and two the flat iron steak.  I would have the duck again when I go back.  The only reason I didn't mark 5 stars is that our server wasn't that great.  Forgot for about 10 minutes to bring some drinks to the table, etc.
Great ambience.  Sat out on back patio.  Felt the waitress was a bit snooty.  I think the concept of the food is great, but not so great in execution.  The guacamole everyone raved about "made tabelside" was made over in a corner and brought over to the table already made.  I would have liked to watch them make it.  Was just about one large scoop and that was it.  Left us wanting more, but flacor wasn't really there.  Underseasoned and overpriced at $12.00.  And the chips were undercooked so crunchy onthe outside, but tought toward the middle.  The chicken skewers with mole sauce was dry and mole was just ok.  The sweet potatoe/french fries were just like any other restaurants, but loved the sauces.  Tacos (ckicken) were just ok.   The much acclaimed pumpkin bread pudding was excellent, but only about a 3 inch square.  Just a teaser size.  I think if you don't mind spending the money, can get by the snooty waitress, and want to try something different, go for it.  Everyone in the area said to try Los Olivos right around the corner for really good Mexican food.
Omigod, the the food is absolutely fabulous, I eat til I hurt.   You need a reservation! Period.   But its totally worth it. I tried it last year and literally thought about it ALL YEAR, finally returned and just as awesome as before. Nothing like it, yes there is good Mexican food in AZ (and in SF, CA).... its just not like this place.   Would be hurting all the time if this place was local to me!
I went to this restaurant with 9 other girls as part of a bachelorette party weekend.  We actually picked this place based on all the Yelp reviews and now here I am writing one of my own.  First off - make a reservation and get there on time!  This place gets packed, and I can see why.  The ambiance is really nice.  Kind of laid-back, soft lighting everywhere, some pretty chandeliers and this sort of industrial look that went well with the antiquity of everything else.  Our server was AMAZING.  He took the time to go over any item on the menu and explain how it's cooked, and made great recommendations for some of our girls who were vegetarians.    Myself, I was going to order the chorizo pork shoulder but decided to get the chicken tacos instead.  I was a little worried that I'd made a mistake with that order because when the food was served, all I got was a small plate with 3 cute lil tacos.  What I didn't realize was how packed full of delicious meat those tacos were.  They were, literally, finger licking good!  All the other girls in my party loved their food, so I think I can go as far as saying most everything on the menu is delicious.  Finally, the mixed drinks are delicious, too.  They have so many tequilas, it's mind-boggling. I had one of their mojitos and it was to die for.  The bartender also hooked us up with some kind of sweet drink in a shot glass for some of us chicks who can't handle hard liquor shots.  Anyways, I highly recommend this place!
I had heard good things about this place, so I had to check it out. We came here after a 1PM Giant's game and sat at a table at the bar.   We ordered margaritas - definitely hit the spot. We had table side guacamole - mild since we had some wimps at our table. It still had a kick to it, and was very yummy. We all had different types of tacos, and aside from one person who was on a no carb diet, everyone's plate was cleared.  The waitress was very attentive, and we were never left looking around for water or our next drink. I would highly recommend this place for lunch or dinner. Definitely worth a visit.
Nice place and the staff was fantastic.  There is a casual vibe to the place and the food was upscale Latin.  That being said; small portions at a high price. Great place for drinks and conversation with food being an afterthought.
Relativly new joint in Old Town.   very innovative margaritas.  Went midday so we had the quac and tostadas.  The patio is lovely.  bring your wallet though... not exactly cheap
Called in a take out order on Tuesday night at 8:00 and waited on hold for 8 minutes. They said they were unusually slammed and they were.  Expectations were set to pick up the order in 10-15 minutes at the bar.  Not a terrible estimate. Arriving 25 minutes after ordering I found the bar at sold out to the lovely Shae. Every seat was filled. Every employee that I interacted with was great!  Even while on hold placing the order. I was tended to several times with an update as to when my order would be taken. FOOD, let's get to the food. The Butternut Squash Tacos were the most petite little things. Seemingly small portioned these tacos were satisfying. The squash was perfectly cooked and there was a blend of black beans and sun flower seed to lend some protein. The guacamole was unique with Parmesan, sun flowers and a bit of smoke. The salsa was also an Arbol smoky.  The HEAT challenged my mojo. I thought I wanted a 7 out of 10 kind of heat. They gave me mild with a side of the pure goodness. The smoke definitely comes from the hot sauce. It's a heat that build for a few seconds and lights on fire when you try to wash it down. MEDIUM was plenty.   The Pumpkin Bread Pudding was all the reviews promised.
Absolutely do not miss this gem!! I seriously think I could eat here every day. The guys at the bar make amazing drinks and the menu will NOT disappoint! The merlot braised short ribs was fantastic and we had a hard time deciding! Don't miss the street corn!
The food here was great.  We got the taco platter, which was great to share!  The drinks and ambience were very pleasant, even during a busy Friday evening dinner service.  It's tucked into a nice area in scottsdale with plenty of valet parking nearby.  Our waiter was fine, although she had a habit of repeating what we'd ordered as a question.  The guy who cleared the tables was just bad, though.  He took plates too early without asking if they were done, and managed to spill a heavy mole sauce on us.  The food was great, but since the service was terrible, I will stay away from here.
Super delicious short rib tacos!  Lots of chandeliers and candles give a dim, romantic vibe.
One of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix. It's such a nice departure from the Mexican food you find on every corner. This "Latin American" food is flavorful and fun, there is really no comparison to anything else around. If you're a fan of pork, you'll be in heaven. Sure, the tacos are tiny but they are filled to the top with the good stuff-meat and seafood. Who cares about the tortilla?  Tableside guacamole is fantastic. Pork belly can't be beat. The pork tacos, seafood tacos (especially the scallops), and the beef short ribs are some of the best things I have ever tasted. The drinks are expensive but they are yummy. I like the presentation of the tortillas on the salt blocks and the salt wall around the kitchen is pretty cool. The decor is very nicely done with two huge patios that are perfect for Arizona evening dining or enjoying a cocktail in the sun. They get knocked one star because service is not consistent. I have been here four times now, twice the service was over-the-top, best waiter/waitress I've ever had. The other two times were just average wait staff, not bad, but why go back to the Honda when you've had the Bentley? Otherwise, everything else is perfect.
Excellent Margarita (Primorita)  We shared the tableside guacamole, the corn gordita (comes with 3 we added an extra), the shrimp tacos (also comes with 3 but added an extra) and scumptious shrimp taco.  Everything was excellent.  Great ambiance and very nice waiter who gave us great advice, thankyou Angel!
Awesome! We loved this place!  We sat at the bar to order margaritas and decided to stay there and eat. The service was fantastic. It's always a good sign when there are a lot of locals sitting at the bar as well.   The pork tacos were great! Guacamole and salsa were awesome!  Hubby got the chicken and waffles and would not share. They were that good!  Try the cucumber jalapeño margarita. Seriously it's to die for.  Overall this place gets an A+!
This is how much we liked The Mission:  2 dinners, 1 lunch and 1 time for drinks and apps out of 5 days that we were in Scottsdale.  Weather was perfect and we sat in the patio.  Get the guacamole!  We ordered the kale salad, spinach salad, fish tacos, Crispy Cola Pork, Pork Belly Pibil, Pork Shoulder tacos, Pumpkin Bread Pudding and the Primarita Margaritas.  Lots of Primarita Margaritas!  Guess you could say we got addicted, so much so we made it our last stop before heading to Sky Harbor to fly home.
Bad customer service. I got the steak tacos. They were nothing special. I asked for one more corn tortilla since the tortillas were too small for all the meat and I was told that they come in sets of 3 for $6 extra. Really?? I just wanted one more tortilla that was 2 1/2 inches in diameter.
We were visiting for Spring Training, and this is by far some of the best "fancy" mexican food we have ever had.  And being frequent travelers to Mexico, this is a high complement.  My husband ha been craving it ever since we left.  Simply delicious :)
After a long day on our business trip in Phoenix, my friend and I looked up a good place to relax and hang out for dinner and came across Mission on Yelp. We decided to stop by this place at around 6pm and, boy...this place was full aleady! There was a line already coming out of the restaurant...and as we inquired, it would already be another 1.5 hr of wait time! Luckily, there was just the last 2 spots left at a bar, so we decided to just grab those spots to forgo the actual restaurant seatings. There at the bar, we were able to order restaurant food as well....so we opted for (...ready for this?....*drum rolls**):  appetizer: table-top guacamole crispy pork pork belly  main course: duck confit pork taco  dessert: pumpkin bread pudding with fresh pomegrenate toppings  yea...I know...we were total pigs..but hey..the food was so good!! They brought out all the ingredients and customized the table-top guacamole for us according to how spicy we wanted it and what we wanted in there. The crispy pork/pork belly were also bite sizes (though still in good portions!)...and were delicious treats to us! I love the food there so much even though after eating all those dishes...I felt like I could never really have any Latin American/Mexican food for the next few months! The biggest let down though was the pumpkin bread pudding. It really didn't taste like bread pudding at all. It tasted more like pumpkin bread soaked in some sort of syrup and just topped with fresh pomegrenate seeds.  If I ever get to go there again, I would just skip desserts and only go for appetizers/main coruses there. Total damage to our wallet (e.g. cost without tip) was around $130, including soda/2 cocktails.  By the time we left (8:30pm), the bar/restaurant were both completely packed! I saw a couple waiting for a table just anywhere (bar/restaurant) and I felt like they must have been waiting at least 1+ hour! yikes!!  so...suggestion to all,...go early! eat lots..and be merry! :)
Had the tostados for appetizer and shared the pork shoulder tacos.  Both were absolutely delicious.  The handmade corn tortillas were perfectly sized and made.  I am usually not a fan of modern fusion cuisine and always love the simple street soft taco like King Taco back home in LA.  But this place didn't loose any of that simplicity by making it their own.  Both dishes were done with just enough "flair" to add to the dish instead of taking away from it.  Definitely a place I'd recommend and come back for.  Everything was great. We sat at the bar and the service was excellent too.
Great meal!  Had a nice dinner on the back patio and can't say enough good things about how impressed I was with everything.  Margaritas were great, guacamole was some of the best that I have ever had, and my Chimmichurri Marinated Hanger Steak was perfect.  Good meal all the way around.
Great ambiance and service, plus delicious food and margaritas!
Sat at the bar. Ordered the tostada appetizer which was delicious. Also had the pork shoulder tacos that are cooked for 10 hours. Very yummy. The mission is very romantic with darker lighting. I highly recommend it!
Probably the best guacamole I've ever had and it was made to order table side. Simple ingredients, but incredibly tasty.  We also had Duck Carnitas Empanada: duck, foie gras, orange, habanero, oregano, mushroom, and queso oaxaca and pork shoulder tacos with a pineapple glaze served with handmade corn tortillas. The tortillas were placed on top of a large brick to keep them warm. We also enjoyed a side of fresh corn made with butter, chile paprika & cotija. It typically comes on the cob, but we made a special request to have it shaved.  Very hipster & trendy vibe.  Right up my alley.  What a great looking group of people dining at this awesome establishment, except none were Asian.  Yeah they're lacking with the Asians in Arizona.  At any rate, I can totally see Bobby Flay dining at this joint.
In 2012, I found this jewel of a restaurant while on a business trip.  This year, my wife and I were there within a hour of landing in Phoenix.  We did have a wait for a table but they were gracious and offered to call my cell phone so we could enjoy Ole Scottsdale area while the sun was setting.  We selected a table outside in the rear patio.  It was slightly chilly so they brought my wife a blanket.  Who would have thought Phoenix would have been so chilly...in mid April.  We love their guacamole made table side.  That was our favorite.  Amanda was our server and she made several great selections.  Although the portions are small, we feel like this is going to be on the list for 2014.    BTW - the salsa is fantastic!
Fantastic ambiance, with low lighting in classic Spanish architectural-style building. Had the Green Chile Duck Confit paired with an Argentine Pinot Noir (both utterly delectable). I finished with the incredible Pumpkin Bread Pudding! Unparalleled service from Hannah. 5 stars all the way.
The Mission ... where I fell in loved with my new favorite drink ... AVOCADO Margarita.    When I saw this on the menu it was like huh?  Really?  But after my first sip I fell in love.  I'm basically a lush and will drink anything and everything, but rarely do I fall in love with a drink as I have you.  Even tho I don't live in Scottsdale I plan on coming back to visit you again.  Maybe have another secret rendezvous before it hits triple digits there.  Although I cannot lie if I do see this on a menu elsewhere I will have to cheat on you, but it will mean nothing.  What we have is special I swear.  I will dream about you until we meet again.  Oh minus one star for all the flies on the patio.  Maybe invest in some Citron candles?
Only ordered apps. Excellent guacamole made table side great grilled corn Duck empanadas were delicious, but could have done with just the insides, so savory.  Good margarita selection Good wine selection Great service Good ambiance.
Three stars for the food & value, five stars for the service. Went here with a party of six. Patio seating was lovely.   Downside -- We ordered a bunch of appetizers (guac, grilled corn) were solid, if uneventful. For the prices you pay, I would have expected better food and/or larger portions. Shared the pork shoulder taco entree-for-two with my friend; they were good (not great) and not much of them. Our friends seemed to enjoy what they had.  Upside - My wife's scallops came out way-too-salty. She asked the server to have them redone, and they came back oversalted a 2nd time. This time the manager came over, apologized profusely, and offered to comp her a different entree. By this time she had been nibbling on appetizers and just wasn't interested in another entree, so they brought us a variety of desserts (comped) for the table to share.   That's how you treat guests and solve a problem. Extremely well-handled by the server and manager, which is enough to have us give The Mission another try this weekend.
Tostadas and short rib tacos are amazing.  Ive been lucky to travel all over the globe and rarely repeat a restaurant.  However came here twice in 3 nights.
Dined here recently on a girls trip to Phoenix.  We split the spicy caesar salad which was definitely the best part of the meal.  I ordered the short-ribs braised in merlot which were just okay and my friend had the ahi of which I found that the flavor combination didn't work too well.    Service was the worst part of our experience.  It appeared as though our server was relatively new as she kept referring to notes on wines and food and then got upset with us when she brought us a sparkling wine when we had ordered the still. She was really huffy thinking we were being difficult and took the wine away and when she came back she had the wine list open and was like, "oh, there is a still of the rose, I thought it only came in sparkling.  All roses are usually sparkling."  Um...no.     My friend enjoyed her margarita but you won't find us back here.  I would be willing to overlook the wine mix-up if the food made it worth it.
Well decor, high end. Food are interesting and well cooked.  I enjoyed Chicken Anticuchos, Green Chile Duck Confit(really tasty, sweet, rich with hominy),
As it would happen, choosing The Mission as a place to pre-game the evening's events was the best decision my crew made all night. (For my sake's anyway).  There was the ambiance.... The ambiance here envelopes you, much like that first wave of warmth you get from a vicodin, scotch and Red Bull blast. In fact, this place is so warm and cozy, it'll make you feel like you're back in the womb flipping off the ultrasound technician.  The service... Perched at their communal high top, a long and double-sided table adjacent to the bar, our server was more attentive than a lion tamer with a big stick. This made it an absolute certainty I would lose the first of my five senses in a very short period...hearing. The weird thing about those communal tables is how you never know who you're going   to sit next to. Who do I get? A gaggle of what I can only conjecture were church ladies whom, at my merely uttering (90 decibels) the word 'FUCK', would violently, and in unison, snap their heads in my direction. Now this was fun. Yes, my prodigious cursing made for quite the theatrics as, with the same precision of Old Faithful, five heads would whip about on cue giving me the skunk-eye. What a hoot.  The Food.... The food was, well, I'm not sure. It looked and smelled good, but I was down to three senses by the time we finally ordered. Sadly, taste, much like Elvis, had left the building at that point. Good thing for our dates who were quick to inform us (routinely droning on throughout the meal) about how delicious everything was. (Blah Blah Blah)  The bill for four of us came to two hundred twelve dollars before tip. We had drinks, some very cool looking appetizers, enough chips and salsa to feed a small Ethiopian village, a bevy of drink, and some entrees whose names I couldn't remember if my life depended on it.  As I said, pre-gaming at the Mission was the best decision we made all night.  Who could ever know that with one well-timed (and perhaps highly audible) "FUCK", I held the awesome power to control my very own Women's Synchronized Scowling Team. For at least one night of my miserable existence, I WAS omnipotent.  Thanks Mission.
The first time I went was with my wife and sister...  Each appetizer, entree and drink was amazing, not to mention great service...  So, I would have been between 4-5 stars.  The problem is that I booked a business dinner there two months later and was completely embarrassed with the service.  Our waitress didn't know the menu whatsoever, so really couldn't guide us when ordering.
Pros-  Good location, not in a congested part of Old Town Good service Had the Chilean Salmon which was unbelievable Table side Guac which is awesome Tasty Margaritas  Cons-  A bit pricey  Gets a little claustrophobic inside Very noisy on a Saturday night  Will definitely go back and try the tacos and get some more ritas.
Excellent food and service. Although the fish tacos were a bit small in portion size.
If you are in need of a light meal, don't overlook the Pozole.  It is amazing, assuming you like the flavor of ham.  The little corn tortillas are perfect with this, and the guacamole.  Also, don't overlook the corn on the cob, street style.  Really yummy.  We also thought they make the best margaritas we'd had in a while.  Loved the ginger & cilantro one, and also loved the pink grapefruit, which was in the soft-serve freezer that they use instead of a blender for slushy margaritas.  The decor is very cool.
I've been to The Mission three times now. The first time was for lunch with my coworkers. Half the table got the Tecate Skirt Steak tacos for $10. I guess we didn't realize they were street tacos and so, so, so tiny my manager even took a picture to send to a friend as a joke. The taste was fine, but I wish the waitress had warned us the portion size was so small.   I went back for brunch on a Sunday and had a much better experience. I had the Chorizo Scramble, which includes chipotle grits. I am in love with chipotle grits. They were incredibly creamy and flavorful. The portion size was very reasonable. There was a lot more food for $9 than the skirt steak tacos. I've been back for brunch and I really love it.   They have a great front patio as well as a back patio. During the winter months it's great to sit outdoors. Next time I go I'll have to sit inside and see what the vibe is like in there. The abuelita hot chocolate with dulce de leche whipped cream is also a winner.
My favorite Mexican restaurant in the Valley.    I love everything I've had from the tacos to the hot dogs. ..yes. . .out of place but the hot dogs are amazing!  Excellent customer service!
After a night of drinking with friends in Old Town, we walked over to the Mission to grab a bite to eat.  Although it was late for dinner by Scottsdale standards (9 pm), the place was packed.  We waited at the bar for our table and had a few cocktails.  After a short wait, we were seated.    We browsed the menu while we were having cocktails, so we knew what we wanted.  I ordered the Steak Tacos ($12).  After a short wait they came out.  I took one bite and became a fan!  The quality of the ingredients was evident...the Tacos were delish.  Service was  pretty good as well.  The first thing I thought about after leaving the restaurant was coming back on a date night with the Wife.  Return Factor - 90%
The food tasted weird, i think they're trying too hard. As far as the prices, well, can I just say it was way too expensive. Sorry The Mission, wont be coming back
Everything was amazing!
Husband and I there last Sunday for late brunch.  Even though it was a very warm day it was crowded and dark inside so we opted for the patio dining. (I do like the "speakeasy" effect of the restaurant decor.) Food choices were not extensive for brunch but we had the guacamole prepared tableside.  It was delicious, very chunky and full of goodies.  We ordered medium; it was a little too hot for me but husband likes the heat!  He had the all you can eat pork tacos and I had the steak tacos.  Sides we ordered poblano grits ( I like any kind of grits but these were excellent, not too hot) and the pureed black beans (nice with slight garlicky flavor).  I had 2 pomegranite margaritas.  The first one went down so nice I couldn't resist.  One of the best of this flavor margarita I've ever had.  Only downside was pesky flies on the patio--they need to address this, but food/drink excellent.
2013 started with TWO trips to Spring Training.  The Mission is always a definite GO...like GO GIANTS!  Still O-sooo-GOOD.  I've included their Pozole in my faves.  Added another star to my earlier review!
It's still so good.   Wonderful cocktails supplied by the sweet and capable Brian at the bar. Table side guacamole is just amaze - bright flavors, freshy fresh happy food accompanied by warm, unending supply of chips. Delish.   First time for the Barbacoa tacos. Genius. Beautifully cooked and seasoned, piled on top of the fresh tortillas. Yikes. I wasn't that hungry after the guac but had no problem happily eating these. I like them just as much as the pork tacos and its just the right amount of food.   We had coffee - yum to the french press - alongside of which was a cinnamon shortbread that had some pepper heat. Perfect. The table shared churros. I love you Mission, but the churros were meh. A bit overcooked and it seemed like the oil in the fryer need to change. Its a nit pick, granted. Otherwise, it was a full house, service was humming and dinner was great. Still a fan.
chicken and waffles with maple. jalapeno margarita. chef carter wins again in this swanky old town digs.  --LOVE the all-day sunday pork taco station. all you can eat! --lively bar scene, and with creative and excellently-crafted drinks to boot --smoky and spicy red sauce. i'm glad to have it as often as possible. perfectly prepared. --fois gras on a skewer? i wasn't sure it could work, but OH yeah, it was awesome. with juicy and moist bites of beef it was delectable. --guacamole prepared tableside. it's a bit of a spectacle, but fun. --i finally understand it. chicken and waffles. with maple syrup dip. i just needed it to be made properly. and it was. MAKE IT YOUR MISSION to eat this dish here. if you didn't get it before, you will.  i've seriously had this place on my list for years. Finally i made it. wow. great seeing some folks from zinc down here. smiles all around.  i can't wait to go back.  # but i asked the fried egg for the torta to be SLOWly-cooked and instead it came brown and hard at the edges. sorry. can't cook eggs is a dealbreaker. it's the same problem at zinc on their croque madame. guys, you've gotta slow down and lower temperature on fried eggs. they are so delicate! don't rush them!
Went here for dinner and the for was delish. We had a couple margaritas and Guac to start. I had a regular marg and my wife had a cucumber jalapeño marg. Both were really good but I prefer the classic. The Guac was different but really good. It was chunky and spicy, just how I like it. Next we went with the flat iron and steak tacos. Again, both were really good. The homemade tortillas were really fresh and tasty. The flat iron was med rare which is what I normally like but think we should have went with med. the steak tacos were the highlight. They were bite-size but full of steak. A nice SW flavor-Yum!  The desserts looked amazing but we were too stuffed to partake. Definitely worth a visit. Enjoy!
Some other cranky New York expats and I were bemoaning the food around here, so I started thinking about my favorite places to eat in the Valley. Places where I haven't been disappointed, and where I don't leave feeling like I paid for a great meal and got a good meal.  The Mission is one of them.  Go there and eat.  Eat anything on the menu.  It will be good.
The Mission...what can I say.  This is the BEST restaurant in Scottsdale hand down. I am a regular and here is why: -Amazing ambiance..... dark with lots of candles and a salt brick wall. Really cool music at just the right volume. -Creative, unique and perfectly executed menu. What makes this place so special is there is literally nothing like it in town. -Friendly service. In my experience, the servers had strong knowledge of the menu and were real people. At a lot of these nice restaurants service is great but seems a bit fake. People who work here seem comfortable in their own skin and are generally fun to talk to. -Top notch margaritas! I sat at the bar once and the bar manager Mike took great  care of us. I was pretty sure my girl friend was going to dump me for this guy...he is as smooth as it gets. This guy has to be melting hearts on the reg between his game and the tequila selection.  If you want to get in here I strongly recommend a reservation...pretty tough to get in even on week days without one.
Beautiful outdoor space overlooking the historic Mission church. Everything was perfect.
Muy Fuerte! This place is sexy, swank, and fun! A great place for any special occasion or date night. Their drinks are incredible, the food is decent, and the desserts are fun! Arrrrriiiibbbaa!!!!
My sister and I dined on the back garden patio.  I loved the location of The Mission.  We ordered the table-side guacamole and it was superb.  The Mexican restaurants in Houston doesn't come close to the freshness and the complete circle of spices that were added.  It was topped with pumpkin seeds which was a first for me.  My sister ordered Chorizo Porchetta which was pork shoulder with fresh kitchen made chorizo stuffed in the middle and I ordered the Chilean Salmon.  The drinks were amazing.  We ended dinner with Espresso Churros....oh my...no words.  I will never have Churros unless they are from The Mission way in Scottsdale AZ.
Absolutely delicious! Three of us shared the Mahi Mahi, Short Rib Barbacoa, and steak tacos.....really incredible. The guacamole was good and the Cucumber-Jalepeno Margarita was excellent!
Was not impressed with the food or beverages.  To start with I had two draft beers, both were flat and had no lacing in the the glass (dirty glassware).  It was Sunday so I went with the Chicken and waffles which was highly suggested by the server.  Wheat waffles does not make any since to me, if someone orders waffles they are not concerned about eating healthy for that day,  The waffles were flabby and not crisp and the chicken was made to be more of an art piece.  Every kitchen has it bad days the at least they are not defacing good quality craft beer with dirty beer lines and glasses.
Went here tonight for the first time and had an amazing experience.  EVERYTHING we tried was wonderful.  All the flavors were great and the food was very unique.  The atmosphere was very chic and the service was fantastic.  Would definitely go back as well as try other restaurants the chef owns.  Our waiter Jermal was the best!
The Mission was my last stop on my food tour of Phoenix, and I ended it with a bang!  The place was surprisingly crowded for a Wednesday evening, and I had to sit at a bar table. I didn't mind; was just surprised.   I started with the Mango and Jicama salad (no cheese), and it was light and refreshing.   The drink menu was impressive, and I decided on the Primarita. It was crisp with a little bite to it - perfect!   I sipped my drink while I enjoyed the Tecate Skirt Steak tacos, which were incredible. The meat was flavorful and tender; the spices perfect. The portion size was a little small - the corn tortillas were silver-dollar size - which perhaps explains how the Primarita went straight to my head?  I highly recommend this place. Ambiance, food, service - all are top notch.
There are plenty of dining options in downtown Scottsdale area.  The Mission outshines the competitions with quality food and welcoming atmosphere.  There was a big crowd, and we waited about 45 minutes without reservation.  Overall, this place put out some of the best Latin inspired dishes.  Duck Carnitas Empanda The flavor combination worked well, but it was difficult to discern foie gras as one of the ingredients.     Pork Shoulder It was tender and flavorful with soft tortillas.  I like the presentation with the tortillas layered on top of the salt block.  I don't think the salt block did much flavor wise, and the tortillas weren't too salty because of it.  Fried Bananas  The bananas weren't too mushy inside, and the exterior had nice delicate crunch.
Very good authentic Mexican food. Made from scratch guacamole & margaritas. Great wines available too.
brunch was amazing
Tiny inside. Very good service and street tacos delicious, yummy guacamole made table side.
A five star review is a rarity for me to give.  It leaves no room for doubt that this is a business that has achieved the ultimate mastery of its craft.  If the purpose of the "The Mission" was to create an experience of latin flavors that both excite and dominate your palette with brutal efficiency, they indeed deserve this 5 star review.  On a rare occasion you get to experience something new.  Both my wife and I love latin food and we had heard plenty of buzz that The Mission was the place to go to feed this hunger.  The old world style of the restaurant is matched by the decor and place settings.  You get the feeling that you are somewhere deep within Mexico or Argentina once you take your seat.  The wait staff was courteous and explained each and every aspect to the menu.  From the delectable seafood soup to the various tapas and main dishes, we were well informed on what we could expect.  We tried a little bit of everything and I cant say as I have tried anything more delectable than the south of the border treats set before us.  Each dish gave a unique experience and flavor that kept the table quiet as we tried to mastermind how to describe these tastes.    If you want an evening out that will give you no less than an amazing meal with a lot to talk about afterwords, you should make The Mission your mission.
The food here was just ok. Though to be fair, I'm not typically a fan of Mexican Food.
I think it's safe to say that if I could afford it, I would eat here every night. This place is AMAZING. The ambiance is great, the patio is great, the drinks are great, the food is phenomenal. When I had family in town, we came here twice in two days because they loved it that much too. We got guacamole and several other appetizers that I can't really remember but they were all very good. The duck was my favorite thing here and the pork shoulder was delish as well. The staff was really friendly and service was good. Great place to bring family or friends who are in town, great place for date night, a birthday, special celebration, etc.
We had a great meal here!  Food was delicious and the atmosphere was very nice!  Definitely will return
Out of this world good. Amazing service, amazing food. Sam took great care of us multiple visits. One of the best places in old town...seriously. Try the Kobe dog, it will have you telling all your friends.
The food here is spectacular, and the ambiance is great.  Servers are always friendly.
BEST TACOS EVER. Wow. After trying a few restaurants here in Scottsdale and being thoroughly disappointed, The Mission really delivered. The tecate steak tacos are probably the best tacos I've ever had. The handmade corn tortilla is tiny, maybe 3 inches but is loaded up with delicious, tender skirt steak, salsa, avocado and cotija. It is the perfect taco - has a balance of flavors, and if you are like me (a carnivore) the ratio of more meat to tortilla is perfect, the salty crumbly cotija and creaminess of the avocado set off the flavorful deliciously tender skirt steak perfectly. The table side guacamole was amazing as well. So fresh and had the perfect consistency and loaded up with red onions, jalapeños, tomato, garlic, sea salt, lime and topped off with cotija and pepitas. The chips were warm, thin and crispy and seasoned well with sea salt. I hate when you get a basket of bland unsalted chips like at most Mexican restaurants. Not here.  My son got the chicken tostadas. Again, mini corn tortillas but loaded with flavor and topped with a spicy creamy sauce. Crispy and Delicious. My hubby got the pork shoulder tacos which were too sweet for my palette. Everything was fantastic! I am hoping to return one more time before we go back to LA.  This place is really happening at night. Very loud and crowded and dark. Very cool decor with crystal chandeliers hanging and a Himalayan salt wall. We were going to go here for dinner but it was just too loud and had too much going on for a newborn so we decided to go here for lunch which was perfect for us - it was not crowded or loud and we got great service. The staff was so friendly and they told us about their sister restaurant The House Brasserie which we are going to check out tonight.  I LOVE this place. My mouth is watering just thinking about those tacos!
Very nice.  Very dark.  Table side guacomole is good.  The 4 of us had small plates instead of meals.  Pricey but worth it. Pork belly was my favorite. Two liked the mushroom tacos. Service was good. John helped us out. Would return and do small plates again.
This food is everything but authentic Mexican but I say that in a good way!  The chef is French trained and has taken traditional Mexican dishes and put his twist on it. Agree the table side made fresh guacamole is to die for!  We shared the roasted corn and both had tacos (fish and spare rib).  The preparation and presentation is nothing I've ever seen as the mini tacos were stacked not stuffed.   We learned of two other restaurants the chef owns and plan on trying out!  All in all one of the best (if not the best) "Mexican" dinner in a long time.
Love the ambience of this place.  The tacos were fantastic and really enjoyed our server.
Could not have been more satisfied!! Tara, our server, was so kind! She did an awesome job recommending foods to us. We enjoyed all her recommendations.  I enjoyed the flat iron steak. Wow!! My girlfriend had the red snapper and she loved it! Overall, an amazing dining experience. This is a fantastic restaurant.
I dined here for the first time, while on vacation, because of all the good Yelp reviews.   The atmosphere is tranquil looking but loud with a mixed aged-crowd. It is apparently customary to be given a small light to look over the menu, because it is so dark . Our server did not offer us one , even after she saw me using my phone.  Being our first time, (and we even told her it was our first time) she did not run through any specials or anything. I had to ask and she just told me the Chef's recommendation.  The server next to us told his table all the specials that evening. The guacamole was different with the toasted pepitas in it. It had a nice flavor. I had the chicken tacos and ordered flour tortillas vs corn. It would have been nice to have been told that I would have had to put everything together myself, vs if I had ordered them with corn tortillas. It came with two flour tortillas and a bowl with the chicken and avocado and then a side of the sauce. The chicken was  a tad dry and overcooked. I have had better tacos elsewhere. The blood orange pineapple margarita was the best thing I had there.  The server was not very inviting and seemed uninterested in helping us . She only came around to take the order and check how the guacamole was and then handed us our bill.  I think there needs to be some improvement on the service. I would try it again and ask for a different server.
loved this place. was in town for a bachelorette party and someone recommended this restaurant to us. it was a perfect way to end the weekend. food was delish, our waiter was serious eye candy and the ambience was perfect. also since we gave a heads up that it was a bachelorette, they treated us to free tequila shots and a brought out a dessert with sparkler for the bride to be. must go again whenever in town!
awesome!
Love the guacomole!
As I do with most places, I want to and for whatever crazy reason feel the need to leave some long ass review.  But this place already has enough of those.   The Mission is certainly one of the Best Local Restaurants in AZ but I don't think its that amazing.  The drinks are incredible but expensive, the appetizers are so tasty but expensive, and the food is pretty damn good (but not over the top amazing) and expensive.  See a pattern?  While I do like it here very much, I really think its just overpriced for what you get.  Certainly worth going a time or two though.   (anyone that wants to buy me a Mojito here may fill out application. I'm accepting all applications.)
Truly inspired dishes and excellent service. The marketing will lead you to think you are going to dine inside the mission, but you are simply in a building next to it.  I liked the experience and will go back.
Atmosphere is great, but the service was subpar.  The tables next to us were offered samples of margaritas and overall seemed to have better service.  We will likely not return, expenisve food which was average at best.
This place has everything you could be looking for! Good for a date or just with the buds! The food takes the spotlight at the mission. Its not over priced and it fills you up! Fancy by my standards, however, all of the tacos were delicious and the tostadas were amazing!!! Get the table side guac to spice everything up! Just remember what you order comes usually in threes and there are no sides per say.  Margs are 10$ a pop but they are good! Atmosphere and service was amazing!
Hands down one of the best restaurants I have been to.  Service was unbelievably great.
This is one of those sunshine stories, the mission has succeeded in launching their own twist on Mexican cuisine.  /Service When I first arrived I was greeted in a very personable way. I was promptly seated and soon our waitress arrived. Let's talk about the waitress for a second. Professional and personable, and did not hesitate to give her own opinion on dishes and drinks.. neither did she say anything negative on anything on the menu, but that is her job after all. I think the service was great, absolutely great.   /Food The food was excellent. The tacos are small, very small.. like taco sliders, but they are tasty. Dont be discouraged by that fact. I went with the chorizo filled pork - I wouldn't recommend it, but I loved the set up, the presentation, how fresh it seemed. But if there is one thing that is a must to try at this place, it is the tableside guacamole. They mix it before your eyes and you can comment and suggest yourself, and the result was amazing.  /Drinks I think the drinks are too expensive. Yes, this is Scottsdale and you have to accept this fact - but I am saying this because despite the raving about the mixologist, I just wasn't impressed. Plus one for ingenuity, minus one for drink list limitation.   /Ambience Fantastique. No but really, it is really good and the service (as I already over sold) plays a big part of this. They are the life of the atmosphere. But the layout is cool and they have focused on making this cozy and intimate, but not too intimate. They have found the baby bear kind of middle ground.. (you know, Goldilocks?)
I tried really hard to like this place, but in the end, no different than a Cantina Laredo. Table side guacamole was average compared to other places ( La Grande Orange has the best). Skirt steak tacos were good but were so heavy there is a reason why they only give you three quarter sized ones. Dessert was the most disappointing. The churros were soggy and the milkshake that came with it was terrible.
Great sunday brunch option. Food was very good. I will definitely return.
In Scottsdale for the week on business and had the opportunity to try The Mission. The guacamole is as good as advertised. The chips were just salty enough. The short rib tacos were small, but tasted excellent. Between the app and the tacos (3 to an order) I didn't have room for dessert. I wish I did though as the next table over was raving about the pumpkin bread pudding. I would have loved to try it. Service was very good (friendly, knowledgeable and made good recommendations) if a little slow (the place was busy early on a Thur evening).
The best scallops I have EVER had....and I have had scallops in many restaurants.  Order them and you won't be disappointed.  Great service, amazing food...kind of expensive, but worth it for the experience.
Brunch on a Sunday.... This was exactly what we were looking for!  Setting: The weather was perfect so we dined on the patio at a corner table with an umbrella. The corner table had bench seating on one side and chairs on the other and it was actually quite comfy. There's a raised planter in between you and the side walk to give a bit of separation from you and the street.  It's a fairly quiet street (even with Spring Training fans walking around) so it wasn't loud. Great place to hang out and relax.  Starters: Bloody Mary and Mimosas I had the BM... it was very good.  I wanted to order another one but figured I'd better "be good" and only have one. Mom sucked down her Mimosa.... She wanted another one too but she refrained.  :)  Fresh, Table-side Guacamole...  So!  Good! They make it to your preference... so if you don't like onions or cilantro or whatever then you can omit what you don't like.  But let me tell you... all the ingredients were Excellent.  We opted for Medium heat and it was perfect... the heat from the pepper balanced the creaminess of the avocados.... Oh and the roasted pepitas on top were like the "can't live without sprinkles on a cupcake".  Next time I make guac... I'm adding a a bit of pepitas.  These add a nice flavor, crunch and texture to the dip.  I ordered the Chicken Torta with an egg on top (it was brunch so I figured an egg would make it breakfast-y)... Mom ordered the Green Chilaquiles and the husband ordered the Chorizo Scramble.  The husband's Chorizo Scramble was good and the Chorizo had lots of flavor and a bit of a kick.  But overall, I was unimpressed with the dish.  It was your basic egg dish.  My Chicken Torta was really cheesy... I don't mean it was silly... I mean... there was lots of cheese on it.  This isn't a bad thing if you love cheese. I didn't realize this so next time (because there will be a next time)... I'll order something a little lighter.  This dish was meaty and filling.  I didn't recognize most of the ingredients but it sure was tasty... plus it had nice heat which made the cheese a little less overpowering.  It's a pretty big dish... I didn't finish it... so the husband helped me out.  Mom's Green Chilaquiles was Awesome!  BIG too!  I called them Gourmet Nachos.  Just thinking about them makes my mouth water.  If you're adventurous and have never tried these before.... Order these with a beer.  Total comfort food.  :)  Service: Great! Super friendly and accommodating. Since we were one of the first for brunch ... they let us pick where we wanted to sit.
Let me start by saying-- whenever I decide on a place for lunch or dinner Mexican/Latin/Spanish food is rarely (uhm... never) at the top of my list. But, it was my boyfriends 21st birthday, and he'd been talking about going here for a while. Knowing that they had a pretty good drink selection, I decided to take him.  The place is smack in the middle of Downtown/Old Town Scottsdale, so be sure to arrive a bit early and be able to walk a little ways, because they don't have their own private lot (it's all street parking). Anyhow, the outside is very plain and simple- like an actual Spanish missionary-type building. Despite the simplicity to the exterior, the interior is so much more lavish. So much up-scale decor and style, I was blow away!   Anyhow, we sat down and had the most pleasant and nice waitress that we've had in a while at any dining experience. She had short blonde hair and was extremely knowledgeable about the menu and seemed to genuinely care. She took our drink orders and was so nice about it being my boyfriends birthday! After checking ID, she brought us the blood orange margarita and the watermelon mojito. According to the boyfriend, both drinks were really good and really strong-- I guess that's a good thing considering the drinks are pretty pricey- $12-14 a piece.   Anyhow, when she came back we ordered the tableside guacamole to start. Awesome concept, you get you add in exactly what you want, you get to determine how spicy you want it (we got the hot version) and you get to watch it being made! Aside from the interesting concept, the guacamole itself was SO good. I really haven't had fresh guac like that ever. The only downside is that the portion is a tad small for $12.   Our waitress came back in a timely fashion, and took the time to explain the menu in detail to us. We ended up ordering the barbacoa tacos and the crispy rock shrimp tacos. The wait for the food was short, and when they came out I was amazed. I have NEVER, EVER, EVER eaten a taco that mind-bogglingly delicious. How it works for the tacos is you get three tiny little housemade tortillas that come with heaps of meat or shrimp or whatever you decide on top- kind of like an open-faced sandwich concept. Anyhow, the rock shrimp were my favorite. The shrimp were cooked to crispy perfection, but not overly-battered. The shrimp tasted fresh and juicy, and the cabbage and such that came with it was delicious as well. Make sure to squeeze some fresh lime on top for an extra kick! My boyfriend ordered the barbacoa tacos, and they were honestly amazing as well. I've really never eaten meat that tender in my life. It was super flavorful and melt in your mouth delicious!   Once we finished, we waited a bit for our plates to get cleared, but to our surprise our waitress brought us a sparkler with a complimentary dessert for my boyfriends birthday. The dessert was a warm pumpkin bread pudding with a scoop of ice cream, and gosh was it delicious. I would most definitely recommend it. The service got pretty slow toward the end of our meal, but honestly it didn't really deter too much from the great food.   The bill came- around $80, but I was so willing to pay the price for a great meal and good service (FINALLY)! Would most definitely recommend to anyone looking to try something out of the box!
Whoa! I was so happy when I was taken here while in Scottsdale.  This food is great and seeing as we don't have the best Mexican food where I'm at this was perfect.  There was quite a few of us that were here - total of about 8 people and we were seated quickly.  I heard this place is really popular so calling ahead is suggested.  I started off with the drink menu and I got a variety of drinks, honestly, I forgot what I drank prior to the tequila that we got.  Anyways, I was told that I had to get the guac both spicy and mild so we ordered them both.  The spicey had a nice kick to it and it was delicious.  It was so good that I was craving for more.  It was a little insane to have such a guac crave after lots of drinks but it was the best guac I've had thus far.  We ordered so many appetizers I think we cleared the entire menu and then went straight for the tacos.  There were so many of us that we just ordered a variety of tacos and they were amazing.  At the end we were so stuffed I wasn't sure i would be able to go out dancing again but needless to say the Mission hit the spot!  You can't miss this if you're in town.  I'm planning my next vacay to Arizona and we are definitely going to be going here and then hit up the nightlife.  Awesome spot and could really be dangerous if you came for a happy hour -- 6pm will turn into 12am very quickly!
We came up to visit a group of friends for lunch after dropping our son at the University of Arizona in Tucson.  They had selected this place based on reviews and word of mouth but nobody in our party had been.  They will be frequent guests now and we will be wishing we were coming to Scottsdale more often.  Our waiter was fabulous - very knowledgeable; chips were never left empty, guacamole was something I will dream about; meals were just amazing (I had the pork tacos and they were the best ever); the pumpkin bread pudding was the lightest most mouth watering dessert I have had in a long time; atmosphere was impressive.  I would highly, highly recommend.  we are in awe!
Our dinner at Mission closed our trip to Phoenix on a truly wonderful meal, and meeting. My husband and I were privy to a charming conversation with the manager whose passion for food and drink make it clear why Mission is so enjoyable.  San Francisco has spoiled us with amazing food choices, which makes it difficult to enjoy dining when traveling. Mission is a gem! The food, drinks, and ambience are sublime. Rarely have we read menus that made it hard to order - the drink and food choices really make you wish for more stomach space. Every bite and sip was so enjoyable. This meal might just have ruined our tastebuds for our hometown food.
Had dinner here while on a recent vacation. I absolutely loved this restaurant. The spanish mission style is so beautiful and pleasing to my spanish style loving eye. They've created a lovely environment. The owner is very nice, staff was as well but I have to say that the Chef is clearly trying too hard with the menu. The dishes are over thought and pretentious. I think that the food should be uncomplicated. I'm not suggesting they do standard Mexican fare, rather that they keep a dish's integrity. They put things toghether on a plate that do not make sense to the palate. I think they need to do the regional foods of Mexico and elevate those dishes instead of doing a "Latin inspired"  menu with no cohesion. Having said that, I found that the sides were the stars of the menu... the popcorn grits were out of this world , as was the guacamole.  Overall I would highly recommend this restaurant, however I would caution one to pay attention to ingredients and stick with simpler dishes.
The Mission is wham, bam, thank you ma'am.  I absolutely love this place.  It's perfect SW food and even more so for the spicy food lover.  When you go for dinner, make sure you get there a little bit early and imbibe in a couple of drinks from their very experienced and knowledgable bartenders.  Yes, they can even make you an Avocado Margarita.  Sounds gross doesn't it?  Give it a try.   A couple of must-try's on the appetizer menu include the Street Corn (it's a bit sweet but very flavorful) and the Lamb Ribs, which is one of the tastiest things you will ever eat.  The entree menu is filled with several excellent choices- my two favorites are the Chilean Salmon and the Chorizo Pork Shoulder.  Both are melt-in-your-mouth amazing.  Make sure you add the poblano grits for a side.    As for dessert, well I'm usually back at the bar drinking mine.
Killer dining. Just awesome. We had the Duck Carnitas Empanada, the Braised Shortrib, and the Chorizo Porchetta. Wow.   Also, absolutely stellar service by a gentleman whose name I cannot recall, but who wears glasses, has short black hair, and manages part time.   This is such a great restaurant, so glad they are doing well. There are a lot of substandard Mexican/Latin restaurants in the Phoenix area. But The Mission is so good.  Highly recommend.
Love this place! We visit Scottsdale every year and this is one of our must go places. Our favs are the table side guacamole, chicken tostadas, tacos, and for dessert, the espresso churros. :)
I love this place.  Everything we had was amazing,  I thought the pork belly was truly the best presentation and cooked I've ever had.  The drinks are expensive but very good, I'm loving jalapeño margaritas and they make a decent one.  The scallop tacos were another favorite tat stood out.  I'll def be back many times
I tried The Mission this past weekend while in town for a bachelorette party. Great place for a party, very accommodating of our large party.   We started out with the skinny margaritas (delish, not too sweet) and guacamole. The guac was good but I've had better. However, I'm also from San Antonio and could live on Mexican food. We also ordered the duck empanadas which were out of this world; rich, with great texture and flavor. I had the steak tacos as my main dish which were good but not outstanding. I'm wishing I had conned someone in my party to split the pork shoulder tacos with me. We ended with the pumpkin bread pudding which was just as good as everyone says.   Great vibe and decor although the lighting was so dim it caused eye strain and dried out my contacts.
Really awesome place. Solid food. Their salsa was really good and I'm crazy picky when it comes to salsa. The cheese plate was awesome too but I didn't think the chimichurri didn't fit; however the honey was great and so were the jalapeño roasts peanuts.  I wish they had a better beer selection. I know it's not that kind of restaurant but being a huge craft beer fan it always bums me out when restaurants have a poor selection. I don't go there for the beer which is why it still gets 4 stars because their food was really good. Good mix of Latin with a modern twist.
A coworker and I tried out The Mission while in town for business. We had been to Scottsdale before and tried more than a few good Mexican joints, but as The Mission had the highest ratings on yelp, we knew it was a must-try while we were in town.   Overall, the ambiance was steller. The restaurant was designed and decorated to look like a mission and had great patio dining with awesome lighting and candles everywhere. it is in a nice part of town with great shopping as well so great area to walk around in before or after dinner.  After sitting down, we started our meal with margaritas and house-made guacamole. My coworker had the guacamole margarita and said it was outstanding. I ordered the primarita which the waiter said was the house specialty and rated the best margarita in scottsdale. While it was definitely good I didn't find it all that different from other margaritas I have had in town and really didn't find it worth the $12 price tag. Our waiter made the guacamole right at the table and my coworker (as you can tell, a guac enthusiast) said it was awesome as well, but I (again) didn't find it all that unique.  My coworker ordered the halibut and I ordered the Duck Confit as our main appetizers. We were a bit confused as the restaurant markets itself online as a latin american restaurant, however when we arrived our waiter described the food as more of a latin american/french fusion. While the halibut and duck were very good, we found the plates to be overly complicated and the flavor profiles to be very confusing. Even though all the dishes sounded very tasty, the execution didn't really come through and the overall experience of the dish was very muddled.  Overall, The Mission is a great restaurant but I would aim to come here more for drinks and appetizers rather than a full meal. I dont really feel the food lives up to the price point.
This place for real has the best service I've ever had at any restaurant. When a restaurant has perfect service, it really adds to the whole overall experience. Everyone is so personable (and being at a fancy restaurant in Scottsdale, it's really hard to find a place where the staff is both friendly and respectful). The food here is excellent; the scallop tacos and Alaskan Halibut are some of my favorites along with the pumpkin bread pudding. Would give it 10 stars if I could!
GHOST peps!  Fantastic Mexican food in olds owns Scottsdale. The restaurant has a traditional Spanish styled decor. The outside looks like a Spanish mission.  Appetizer: Guacamole- The guacamole is out of the world. This is a must try with the chips. The waiter brought us some ghost pep salsa which was definitely hot!  Food: Chorizo Porquetta- 12 hour pork shoulder served with chorizo and sweet garlic. Savory moist and perfectly cooked.  Service: The waiter was enthusiastic but it was hard to order near the end of dinner.  Overall, this is a delicious restaurant to try in Scottsdale.
My absolute favorite place for fusion Mexican food. The pairings are definitely a spin on the palette. The combination of unique flavors on one plate is definitely a must see if you're in the area.   The drinks are also a great combination but not at 'unique' as the plates.   The atmosphere is dark but the servers are knowledgable of the menu and attentive to your needs. The outside patios on a good day are definitely a must.
Yes.  The guac is fresh made table side.  The chips are really ho hum and cold.  The prk shoulder tacos are excellent.  The pumpkin pudding is unique and, if one has room , definitely worth getting.  We have a service dog and this was the only restaurant that didn't offer him a drink in all of Scottsdale.
Definitely a 5 star restaurant! Hubby and I were here today for a late lunch/early dinner date. Very unassuming from the outside but wow, it's amazing on the inside. A bit dark until your eyes adjust but it's a beautiful setting. Perfect for anything. We sat at the community table in the bar and even at 2pm on a Sunday it was still fairly busy. Server Angeline was very attentive and made good recommendations. Honestly I don't think you can go wrong with anything in this place. The street tacos are small but extremely flavorful and filling. I had the pork and hubby had the shrimp. Table side guacamole is a must and I don't think I've had better salsa anywhere in the Valley. This is a definite return for me!
Very good Mexican food!!! I love the place -   Have been there several times and never gotten disappointed.  Important to make reservation even if it's a week day because after 7pm is packed daily.  High quality Mexican food.  Excellent tequilas - most try the mission margarita and the table side guacamole while browse the menu. If you go to Scottsdale must go to the mission a bit pricey but worthy.
I'm not sure how anyone can give this place less than a 5+. Service is top-notch and gracious as can be. They are busy here folks but you won't know it as you are seated and treated to their very best. Margaritas are pure and simple - try the 1/2 calorie Primarita Margarita or the smoky Smokehouse margarita. Both are clear winners. The tableside guacamole is chunky and spiced to your liking, and filled with flavor. You'll see that little silver cup and think it's not enough for your table, but it truly is. And the chips are divine as well. Our party of five enjoyed the tecate skirt tacos, scallop tacos, fresh halibut, butternut squash tacos, and pork shoulder. The steak tacos were the best we've ever had - our number one fave of the evening. Everything else was uber-tasty too. Dessert was a pumpkin bread pudding that was out of this world. I can't wait to go back!!!
The food, drinks and service were awesome. And this would have been a 5 star review had they not taken for-e-v-e-r in bringing us our food. But we did get a free dessert for the long wait. We really enjoyed the grilled street corn and the pumpkin bread pudding was to die for! Also, their french pressed coffee is so, so good. Great decor and ambiance too. We will definitely be back when we visit Scottsdale.
Extra double yum.  The cucumber jalepeno margarita is outstanding.  My food was absolutely delicious and I can't wait to go back.  Service was fantastic and the place has great ambiance.
First and only time I had been to The Mission was for drinks at a social mixer before the group headed to another venue for dinner -- that was back in 2009. When two of my closest Chicas suggested we head here for Happy Hour, I was excited!  I was seated at the Bar and enjoyed an Iced Tea before the girls arrived. As soon as they arrived, we were seated. We were in good hands with Kristin, our Server. Appetizers were delish! I loved their Spicy Chicken Wings! Chicken Tacos were perfect! This would be ideal to bring my Partner for a nice dinner -- he would love this place.  Good friends, fabulous conversation & great food & service...Five Stars, Baby!!!  CHEERS***
What I Ate - chips and guacamole - grilled street corn - pork shoulder tacos (pineapple glaze and cilantro) - pumpkin bread pudding  Would I Go Again? Two items highlighted my experience at The Mission: chips and guac, and pumpkin bread pudding.  Chips and Guacamole To begin, they bring out a big rolling cart and make the guacamole right in front of your table.  I watched him open up the avocado and add pine nuts, cilantro, etc., and then he mashed it all together.  When I took my first bite, then I quickly realized I should have taken a video of making the guac.  It was amazing, and now I have no idea how to recreate it.  (I'm sure I couldn't anyway, but it's fun to think about.)  The all-important consistency was on point.  It was not chunky, but there were still enough chunks of avocado to remind you that the guac was homemade rather as opposed to the creamy, Cool Whip-like texture of guac from a mix.  The guac was awesome--the pine nuts, cilantro, and other juices and spices were perfect.  Pumpkin Bread I'm not a pumpkin bread connoisseur by any stretch, but I would confidently challenge any other restaurant's pumpkin bread pudding to hang with The Mission's.  The baked edges, caramel sauce, and ice crea made me yearn for more.  If only I hadn't filled up on the chips and guac!  Sometimes the toughest choices in life are between two good things, right?  The rest of the meal was just sub-par.  The Mission is supposedly famous for its pork shoulder tacos, but I thought they were bland and dry.  The grilled street corn was very good but I can't imagine ever getting too fired up about corn.    Simply put, I would highly recommend The Mission to anyone living or staying in the Scottsdale area, and I would especially recommend the chips and guac and pumpkin bread pudding.
The food and drinks here are amazing. I had the mango and jicama salad to start with and the steak tacos for lunch.  The primarita margarita was delicious too. The tortillas are fantastic as was the beef.  I want to come back on my next trip out to Arizona, this place was wonderful and so was the service. Loved the hostess that is a student at ASU, she is lovely.... great place!!!
Grabbed lunch with a friend on a Saturday.  The margaritas and guac were both perfect.  Our server was on top of us when we first came in but then disappeared.  Anyways, my friend got the steak tacos and I got the green chilaquiles (vegetarian).  OMG the best chilaquiles I've ever had, seriously.  WOW.  Best meal of my weekend in Scottsdale.  Just wish the service would have been a tiny bit faster but the server was very sweet and apologetic.
What can I say...This place has it all! From the ambiance, service, food, and drinks! They serve up the BEST guacamole table side as you choose what you would like put in it and how spicy you would like it. The Pork Belly Pibil is a signature dish that many of my friends have recommended and is the Grilled Street Corn (One of my favorites!) and Green Chile Duck Confit. If you like dessert you def have to try the pumpkin cake with vanilla ice cream! I sometimes go here just for that!
Excellent ambiance. Excellent service. Food was all above expectations. Drinks were perfect. Portions and price were on point. Very dark outside to the point you can't read the menu, but that's what the iPhone flashlight is for! I will go back because I literally want to try the entire menu.
This place is over rated, over priced, the service is good.  Be prepared for avg. guacamole, over glorified made from scratch food not worth the $.  Will not be back.  And advise folks to be aware of this over rated place.
Don't know why I didn't come here when I actually lived in Scottsdale but finally got a chance to check it out when I came the other weekend. I love the ambiance and how they have two patios. The food is also really good! I had a torte and tried a bunch of other dishes that my friends got. They have a really cool pork taco bar on Sundays with all you can eat tacos for only $14! The chips and salsa were also really good. We had a pretty big group and a couple people helping us and the entire staff was super friendly!
Are you frickin kidding me?  Have a reservation for 9 and they keep us waiting half an hour.  Go to the bar and order 2 margaritas with salt on the rocks - cost? $30.  Ask for an IPA and they bring me a clone of Stella Artois for $14. (And not a good clone at that).  Overpriced, overrated and just OK food.  Save the money, the time, and your effort - go somewhere else. And then we got the food... No problem paying big money for food... But hey - that sucked too.  Just about every Bistec taco from a taco wagon has been better.  Am I bitter?  Heck yeah. Am I wrong? Ummm no.
Delicious.
I went here with my mother and wife for a birthday dinner celebration.  The reservation was for 8:45 pm. We were seated promptly, in the inside eating area. The atmosphere is very dark, which is great, but made reading the menu slightly difficult. The waiter was very attentive. Drinks and food were good. Price was high, but that was expected going in.   Biggest issue: noise. It was sooo loud that we were practically yelling to have a conversation. The noise (just from other guests talking) even continued to be extraordinarily loud after 50% of the guests had left for the evening. I think the building could seriously benefit from some acoustic barriers.
Where to start?...Tequilla! This place has a great selection of tequila to accompany their very original culinary creations. I say go for the cola pork! Yum! If you're not in the mood for Scottsdale tacos, try Barrio Cafe in midtown/downtown. They have tableside guacamole!
Overall, this was a fantastic experience, and I want to go again whenever I am back in town.  We had a three-course meal, and every course was fantastic. I had a watermelon basil mojito, and it was just sweet enough for my tastes and was smooth and delicious.   The first course was a pork belly lettuce wrap. I liked the crispiness of the pork belly and how you get an overall nice flavor.   We next had a kale salad. I loved this salad. It had a great dressing with a kick to it. I am not sure what all went into it, though I will have it when I make it back to The Mission.  For our final course, we had three different types of tacos. The beef tacos were delicious. The chicken tacos were very tender. I think the pork tacos were likely my favorite -- they were juicy and tender. I was surprised by how tiny the tortillas were -- that wasn't a negative, just unexpected.
A perfect night to enjoy outdoor seating with impeccable service. I will preface the rest of my review by saying that our Yelp commandos set up a dinner for the Community Managers in town for Regional Week. Our menu was preset so I'm not aware of the costs.  The weather in Arizona right now is perfect for outdoor eating, so take advantage of it while the gettin' is good. The Mission's outdoor area accommodated around 4-6 tables of our group of over 20 plus as well as other guests not with our party. There was a fire burning in the hearth, probably perfect for when the nights become a little chillier. The owner greeted us by presenting us with a shot of Tequila apparently made by George Clooney (hello!?) and instead of a lime and salt, there was an orange with brown sugar. This is what they call, "mission style." Tequila is my enemy, but I sipped the shot and it was very smooth. I mostly ate the orange slice that I assume if I liked tequila would be a great innovative way to shoot it!  While most of our group opted for margs, I went rogue and ordered the red Sangria (though they have white as well) and it was perfect to pair with their chipotle salsa. Though I'm more of a pico de gallo/limey salsa girl, this one wasn't overly smokey. I have to say their table side guacamole was one of the best I've had. I love me some fresh guac, and if I could've had it for myself or had them make a bath tub of it, that would've rocked my world.   The first menu item was a petite pork app. Two of our table guests didn't eat pork, and our waiter, Tony, and the owner quickly brought them out other options. The app was a great crunchy texture and various levels of flavor. This was followed by a shaved kale salad. I am a sauce/dressing junkie, so I could've had more of the dressing, but I understand what they were going for. Then we were presented with three adorable tacos; one pork, one steak and one chicken. The steak was Tecate Skirt Steak, and if you know me you know I love me some Tecate, so that was definitely my favorite with the pork being very similar to the app and the chicken one, probably coming in second place. I would most definitely go back for another round of the steak tacos.   The service, again, was amazing. They would replace forks on a dime, ask about refills before you took your last couple of sips and they put napkins under our purses that we put on the ground. Something I have never seen, but consider immensely thoughtful.   I would definitely consider coming back to the Mission for a more upscale Mexican dining experience, especially when the weather is perfect like this. Absolutely perfect for a big group!
Absolutely the best food, service and presentation I have ever experienced!   I live on the East Coast, travel weekly and experienced many restaurants across this country.  The Mission tops them all in every way.   Hope to return to Phoenix very soon.
Warning even though yelp says Mission closes at 11PM on Thursday the kitchen closes at 10PM.
A modern take on traditional Latin cuisine, the Mission is a perfect option to try something a little different while in Scottsdale. From start to finish I was impressed. Our group enjoyed a 3-course meal which included a sweet, savory and crunchy pork belly lettuce wrap. It was heavenly. Second came the kale salad. I wasn't too much of a fan, but it seemed to pretty popular with my dining companions. It's probably a matter of preference as it was accompanied with a unique tangy dressing. Lastly, we had various tacos. Sounds simple, but they were a far cry from your typical tacos. Seasoned, juicy and garnished with toppings the chicken, beef and pork were anything but ordinary. On top of great food, the ambiance is reason enough to drop by. Apparently Autumn in Arizona means pretty much perfect weather. Their gorgeous patio is a large, romantic dining option that added that much more to our overall experience.
Well, if you truly eat with your eyes, then you're not going to be happy at The Mission. Got there at 4:30p and was told the dinner menu wasn't available til 5p (wish I had been told that when I made the reservation). So we order drinks and tableside guacamole and chips. I had the Primrita which was a good start. At 5p, we ordered dinner. I ordered the Green Chile Duck Confit and hubby ordered the Flat Iron Steak Tacos. He really liked his tacos; meat was tender and flavorful. My dish was over salted to the point that I almost couldn't finish it (even the tequila didn't help to cleanse my palate). I didn't detect the green chili, but my biggest complaint is, I couldn't see what I was eating. It was SO dark, you couldn't see what was on your plate. Good thing I carry a mini flashlight in my purse. It came in very handy for flashing my plate to see what I was eating and what was left. Our server left her little light so we could read the dessert menu, but we passed.  All and all, the service was good, and the offerings were good, just too heavy on the salt.
Decor was nice, service was fine, but all in all, just a meh experience. Flavors were not terribly dynamic, the heat was negligible, the portions were scant, and the check average unjustified. This to me was not "fancy" or "high-end" or even "innovative" Mexican fair...just plain ole' expensive Mexican Food stripped of its soul.  Personally I prefer to pay for the product, not the geographical location, but if you're the type of person to pay for ambiance and are interested in helping them pay for whats surly an exorbitant rent, have at it.
It was a perfect romantic dinner by the fireside.  Our waiter was very professional and knowledgeable about the menu and had excellent recommendations, the outdoor courtyard table right in front of the fireplace was as romantic as it gets, and the entire atmosphere was dreamy.  The food did not disappoint neither.  We had the pork belly to start with- cooked perfectly tender with avocado mousse and spicy mustard on the side- the boyfriend even said it was better than his entrée!    I had the pork shoulder as main and the boyfriend had the flank steak.  The pork shoulder was charred and crispy on the edge and tender on the inside, every bite was heaven, paired with a very good Merlot.  The flank steak was very good, according to the boyfriend, as well.  We were too full to get dessert but I heard good things about the chocolate churro.  Although pricy, but definitely worth a visit.
It's been awhile since I last wrote a review for the mission but my love still remains. My two favorite things about the mission are their fresh guacamole and the patio atmosphere. The entire restaurant has this charming old world feel to it and the food and drinks flow with it.
Brunch was fantastic! Our last minute decision to try The Mission was not a bad one at all. The chicken and waffles was satisfying, surprising, and flavorful. Margaritas are fresh and light - made me miss the ocean breeze of the Riviera Maya! Service was attentive and prompt.
first time, have to return.  met friends for lunch on the back patio - great setting, very attentive service.  understand that the chef is French or French trained so the menu has an upscale unanticipated flair to lunch dishes that initially sound Mexican.  tableside guacamole was very good, salsa was good also.  chicken tacos were tasty and both friends liked their entrees - torta and more tacos with beef.  will definitely return for either lunch or dinner...looked like a nice selection of tequilas.
This is my favorite place in AZ, a must stop every time I am in town!  I always order the same thing: table side guac, blood orange margarita, and the mahi-mahi tacos. Soooo GOOD!
I was lucky enough to get to eat here during a quick trip to Scottsdale for work last month. Side note: I think everyone should get to take a work trip to Scottsdale sometime. It seems like the best city in the country for a work trip!   The Mission had two private tables set up on the outdoor patio. The outdoor fireplace was a big hit with our crowd. We started with wonderful chips and delicious, fresh guacamole. I truly could have sat there and eaten nothing but guacamole all night and been happy as a clam, but they just kept bringing out delicious food. We had a Taco Tuesday menu that consisted of several different tacos. The beef was my favorite, because I loved the cut of the meat (skirt) and the flavor of the seasonings. I also got to try the chicken and the pork shoulder tacos, but the steak stood out to me.   The margaritas were plentiful and so delicious. They just kept coming, and we kept drinking them. I think some other people ordered specialty cocktails, but I'll always have the margarita when dining Mexican, especially at a such a renowned place as the Mission.  I will definitely come back here next time I'm in Scottsdale, which I hope is sometime very soon.
Great place for drinks and dinner. One of my favorite places in Scottsdale.    Good ambiance, good mix of people and food.  The pork belly lettuce cups are the best thing they serve and the Jidori chicken is really good.   Reservations one week out, same owner as zinc and the house.
The Mission boasts a super charming old world vibe with it's ornate interior and a fabulous patio with a fireplace, which I got to enjoy on a dinner outing with fellow co-workers. We weren't your typical 6-8 top, rather 20 plus! We took over a good portion of the patio and several tables, but it was still intimate and cozy. Our prefix menu included pork belly lettuce cups, kale salad and tacos (beef, pork and chicken). The lettuce cups were a nice way to start off the meal. The salad was good, but my serving was heavy on the cheese (cream cheese? or a super mild goat), while I love love Kale, I was distracted by the clumps of cheese on my plate. The tacos delivered on flavor, yet were teeny tiny! My favorite was the beef. I found the pork a little sweet for my taste, but all were flavorful as can be! We had what seemed to be bottomless chips, salsa, guacamole and delicious margaritas! I can't fail to mention the shot of tequila with a cinnamon rim and a slice of orange. What a pairing! Something I'd never had before. I love tequila and I loved that shot. The servers made sure to keep the food and drinks flowing all evening. All in all it was a fine time and a fun meal.
I expected the other people in my party to be raving about the eats and drinks we devoured. Apparently, however, our server was the most appetizing element of the entire evening, because that's all they talked about.   I'll admit, even I took a second glance at the clean-shaven stud that took especially careful care of the ladies... and gents, in our group. Dude delivered the goods in style. But, gee, I must've been the only one who was thinking about the meat inside the folds of those tacos after we left. Seriously flavorful delights, folks. Dine on the swine, for sure, it simply knocks the other land-based meats, chicken and steak, out of the water. This goes for the domestic style corn wraps and the crunchy lettuce wraps, equally. Artistically rendered and inspired plates abound at the Mission. And I'll drop a big thumbs up for the kale salad, I thought it was fabulous; this admission surely wins me Metrosexual points, yes?   Finally, the drinks. As a general rule, the further you wander from the familiar path, here, the better. While everyone was quite comforted by the house specialty margarita (and it was tasty), I found much more complexity and delight in the unusual options on the menu. Top it all off with a sitting on the lovely patio, and your Mission, should you choose to accept it, is impeccable.
One of the best places to go in Scottsdale. Absolutely perfect. Service, food, drinks... Everything. Don't miss this one. Price is probably on the upper end but not bad. I recommend this place to everyone.
You know those people who are all "oh THIS isn't real Mexican food" -- yeah. I'm one of those. Usually in my head of course, but still. That's why I'm always wary of Mexican food in other places - even in AZ, which has a legit stake in the purveyance of delicious Mexican.  The Mission then was a fabulous adventure whereby I immediately regretted my restricting belt and longed for the welcome spandex comfort of something a little less buckled. We had delicious guac, excellent sangria, a spicy kale salad that will inspire home dinners to come, the only pork belly I've probably ever liked, incredible bistek and pork and lettuce wraps.   It's my personal mission to get back to the Mission as soon as I can.
Great food. Very creative and unique combinations of flavors.  Great selection of tequila as well.
Service is always solid. Above and beyond. Food has occasionally been a bit salty... Love the fresh squeezed juice from bar for cocktails.
I think I could have enjoyed my experience more here if I did not make an ordering mistake.   So overall I say 3.5 stars for my experience, but i can certainly see a 4 and 5 star review for this place.    The table side guacamole was incredible...some of the best I've had.   I would say its a must-get every time you go.   Instead of ordering an entree I ordered two appetizers for my dinner.  The reason I did this is because I had these two apps suggested to me by several people - the pork belly pibil and the crispy cola pork.  As you can see, thats a lot of pork belly.  I ate the crispy cola pork first, and it was very tasty.  It was quite sweet from the cola, but it was a nice app.  I probably only ate 1/3 of the pork belly pibil, but like i said, I think i was just overwhelmed with pork belly.  It was a pretty big block of pork too, maybe enough for a meal in itself.  It was tasty as well, but certainly more fatty than its crispy counterpart.   You can take my review for what its worth.  I'd say everything I got was worth getting again, but maybe just not all together.
We enjoyed our outdoor patio meal so much two weeks ago we decided to return for more of the same last night. Unfortunately, the weather wasn't as cooperative second time around but the meal and service didn't fail to live up to prior expectations.   Things are a bit more crowded and noisy in the restaurant than out (and even though we'd dined inside once before a couple of years ago, we hadn't realized there's an additional patio area to the rear of the establishment) so in order to have conversation with our friends we did have to raise our speaking voices a good deal to be heard over the volume of the large size bar and Friday night crowd but seemed to quickly adjust. Our server appeared quickly, gave us a warm welcome and reviewed our options, including The Mission's signature drinks and table side guacamole.  As an aside - two weeks ago we decided upon medium spiciness but it packed a punch; this time we scaled back to mild and it was perfect for a delicate palate. Server was very attentive to providing more chips as soon as we made our way through the dip.   My husband knew he wanted to save room for dessert so ordered steak tacos which were limited to about three small but favorable slightly-bigger than bite size tacos; I selected my favorite: jhidori chicken; tender, succulent chicken slices spread over rice  with two flavorful sauces. Desert was their flavorful churros and one serving was actually enough to be shared four ways.   Parking can be challenging in Old Towne but it's worth a little extra walk to go the distance for a gastronomic experience at The Mission.
Took my parents to dinner Saturday and it was outstanding. I ordered the duck and it tasted like angels cooked it in heaven. Margarita was clean and delicious and not too sweet. Guac was extra tasty because it had toasted pumpkin seeds. I can't wait to go back. Get a seat inside because it is chilly this time of year.
I just had one of the best meals ever.  I cannot comment on the entire menu but the chorizo stuffed pork shoulder is so good!  My friend sitting across from me said that he's never seen anyone happier.  Great place with atmosphere. Try it, you won't be disappointed.
We went to The Mission to celebrate some news that my boyfriend had, and it was an EXCELLENT choice might I add (on both the news, and the restaurant). Due to us arriving a little later in the night, just before closing, the service was still prompt with great suggestions....  As we both have never been to the The Mission, we entrusted him to select multiple items for us, and each dish came out perfectly, and savory.  The service was excellent with great customer service and quality. The ambiance was gorgeous and classy. I loved the layout, as well as the dimming of lights, architecture, and design of the environment.   It's a great date place to go. Very romantic and classy. Although it is classy, you do not have to dress up. You can still go very much in casual nice attire.   Great recommendation!
I was here shopping in Scottsdale's Old Town just around lunch time. I got hungry so I checked the best place for lunch in the area on Yelp and found The Mission, was highly rated. It was across the street from where I was standing so we headed that way.  When we arrived we were able to get a table in the outside courtyard in the front of the restaurant. We informed the waiter we had very little time for lunch. The three of us ordered margaritas with salt at $8 each. They charged an extra $2 for one with Cointreu. We ordered two Almejas Al Vapor stews for $14 each and one shaved Kale salad for only $10. The shaved kale salad consisted of aji amarillo vinaigrette, baby heirlooms, blood orange, goat cheese & marcona almonds. My friend loves kale. The Almejas Al Vapor is a peruvian clam stew, rock shrimp, chorizo, pan de yucca, aji amarillo & roasted corn. I especially enjoyed the unusual appearance and spice of the stew. See my pic. The stew made me want to go to Peru for some more. I have never been to Peru.   The waiter was very expeditious in serving us.  My total bill for the three of us for lunch was a very reasonable $69 without gratuities and we were all happy with our meals, margaritas and service.
They have a fun and interesting take on Latin American food. Their tableside made guacamole really is some of the best we have had. It's simple ingredients done well. Served with house made chips that are really a step above regular restuarant chips. They are cooked fresh and topped with a nice finishing salt which takes them up a notch.  The pork is their specialty slow cooked for 24 hours and served with pineapple habanero sauce. The pork tacos are great. We will definitely be back.
Awesome food. The duck is excellent the pork shoulder tacos were really great as well. Be sure save room for the pumpkin bread pudding.
From the moment we stepped in, our experience was outstanding. Reservation confirmed via phone, promptly seated, and perfect lighting in a historic building. Our server was well spoken and very knowledgeable, but most of all he was attentive. The food was among the best upscale Latin cuisine I've encountered. It's an insult to call this a Mexican restaurant, because people will go in expecting Spanish rice and chimichangas. Instead, you have the pleasure of dining on pork confit with cilantro inside a fresh tortilla warmed on a salt block at your table. Just a wonderful experience from top to bottom.  Bravo!
Food was delicious, service was fine. We will be back.
Top notch place I would say.. I love the ambiance,  love the chandeliers, super prettty. Nice set up, except there's a huge dip next to entrance,  I almost fell and broke my face. Lolz. Smh.  Appetizer;; the guacamole was too salty. So I had to mix it with hot sauce/salsa.  Entrée;;  I got the portabello mushroom taco, it was so salty. Our waiter came over and saw that I didn't touch my tacos, So she suggested the gorditas, and yuppppppp, the gordita was fantastic! I sure finished that. Haha  Drink;; I got the 360 mint lemonade,  omg. Extra friendly they made :)))
Good thing the meal was good and the waitress was personable and helpful, because the hostess staff was clueless. They were about to seat us outside, and I said we want to eat inside, and they said, well, we confirmed with a confirmation phone call that you were seated outside. I said, I received a confirmation call, but no one said anything about our seating arrangements. They said to give them a minute, and they did end up seating us inside.  It wasn't a big deal from what I could tell, but they made it their drama. Ok, so the real review... Yes, Yes, YES! The pozole soup was delicious. My husband had the duck empanada, which was too big to be an appetizer - tasty, but too much food. My meal was scallops perfectly prepared and pleasingly presented. My husband had the pork shoulder - tender and well seasoned. The white bean puree that came with the pork was really a treat.  We were too full for dessert, but the mojitos during our meal made up for the absence. Our waitress helped make our mea fun and pleasant - she knew the menu, could answer our questions and made good suggestions.
Very pretty and trendy restaurant. Some food was great, some was good. Definitely nothing life changing about this food but overall enjoyable. Service a bit on the slow side. Solid drinks.
Let me start by saying this place was veryyyy accommodating...  We came here during the week and it was extremely busy. The wait for a table was about 45 minutes. We found a table in the bar area so ended up sitting there. Everything that we ordered I felt like it was a bit salty. We started off with the tableside guacamole. The good thing about this is it is extremely fresh, they come to your table and make it right in front of you! It was good but a bit salty. I ordered the Tecate Skirt Steak. The steak was very tender but also a bit salty. & you get 3 mini tacos. They're really little. My friend is a vegetarian so she ordered the Grilled Portobello Mushroom which she didn't enjoy because it was also salty. The waitress asked how everything was and recommended the Corn Gorditas instead, took her plate and brought her the new dish. =)   For drinks, I got the Missionary which is a mix of the red sangria and the mission margarita. Yummy in my tummy! lol. My friend got the 360º Mint Lemonade which she loved.   I loved the ambience of the place and the customer service was amazing however I thought that the entrees were a bit over priced for some bite size tacos...
The Mission is a great all around restaurant with great decor and really great food. Of course the Guacamole is incredible and everything else was tasty, though the portions are on the smaller side, it's worth the experience to go there.. The  real stand out for me was our waiter, JAMAR!! What a great worker and kind spirit. He really made our 2 hour dinning experience worth the restaurant. If you eat at the Mission ask to be seated at Jamar's section, he knows the menu well and gave us great recommendations and if I owned a restaurant I would love to have him on board helping the ship. Yummy food, even better service! Go Jamar!
Short Version: French-Mexican. Same guys from Zinc Bistro. Hip and trendy if not a little too "hoity-toity" depending on the people working. Get the Pork Shoulder Tacos and start with the Guacamole. On the expensive side for Mexican food, but it's worth it and more than just typical.  Long Version: This place is always a safe bet and it's one of my go-to places when people ask me for recommendations. This is how you make Mexican food unique. The food served always exudes freshness and unique culinary expertise. The must-have for us are the Pork Shoulder Tacos which are perfectly tender and juicy, The Tableside Guacamole which has the perfect kick and zest, and the White Bean Puree which has the perfect texture and flavor.  Now on to the service. We've been here probably 12 times total and always had great service but the last time I went, the service left something to be desired. I came with one of my best friends who is well connected in the restaurant scene and if it wasn't for him, we would've left. We got there on a Sunday night off-peak time with visible empty tables and were told it would be a 45 minute wait. I understand this can happen when they're holding tables for reservations, but one hostess in particular was very smug and snooty about the whole thing. Just as we decided we'd go somewhere else, my buddy saw his friend working and talked to him about getting us in. He happily obliged and got us a table within 10 minutes and continued to take very good care of us throughout the night. Perhaps this is a normal rule in the restaurant OR the hostess was just upset we bypassed her smug attitude and got in anyways, but when I asked her for an extra menu she curtly told me that she didn't have any and told me I have to take my hat off. So, just a bit of warning, even though we're in Arizona where flip flops are pretty much excepted everywhere, don't wear a hat to this restaurant even though it's also a Mexican restaurant, but it IS a higher-end one so there's that.   Also, don't ask that hostess for a menu. She's incapable of keeping track of the one thing she's responsible for; menus. Good to have friends with connections though!
The short story: Excellent ambiance: Very old school, dim lighting, chandeliers, dark bar. Lovely Christmas decorations, greenery, black and white feather Christmas tree. Tile floor, lots of cougars. Yea, I don't know why that's relevant, but I thought I would mention it.   Drinks - extensive menu. The chipotle pepper margarita was awesome, REALLY spicy. I had the kale and orange salad, which was good, but not as outstanding as all the reviews on this website would lead me to believe. W side of white beans, which were yummy also. My date had the steak tacos, which he thought tasted like salted cardboard. But I didn't try them so can't say. They looked good. Anyhow, I am looking forward to going again but next time will try the guacamole and the squash tacos. Oh and the bread pudding.
Love the ambiance here.  Grilled street corn and pork belly were delish.  I also liked the cucumber jalapeno margarita.  The chicken tacos were meh.  This place can get very crowded even for a Monday.  The service was extremely slow.  Maybe it was the night we went or the server we had.  Make sure you speak up though.  We waited and waited as the server ignored us until we asked him if we can order.
This place is the reason I signed up for yelp! Wish my first was a positive one.  This place is not cool though.    I have no idea what the food even tastes like here.  I walked in with my wife around 3:30 in the afternoon and there were open tables all over (definitely busier than I would have thought for the time though.) The rude hostess told my wife she would "get to us in ten minutes."  Then I watched three groups of people walk in and get seated after us.  They had no reservation just asked for a seat.  I could see them.  Then I asked the hostess about this issue.  She said "our kitchen is really busy, and we do take some reservations."  What does that have to do with this situation?  I wasn't sure so I left, never getting a chance to eat their food.  You are not better than anyone.  Judging your patrons on the clothes they wear won't get you anywhere.  I would never give my money to a place like this!    If you wondered what I was wearing it was a Michigan tee shirt and some jeans.  I was there for their bowl game.
Awesome authentic Latin cuisine. Great tortas. Awesome staff. The tacos are good the table side guacamole  was good. Good atmosphere. The margarita section is great too
Great meal and atmosphere!  Had the chorizo porchetta and pumpkin bread pudding.  Salsa and table side guacamole were also really good.  All the food was beautifully presented and the service was excellent.  Only complaint would be that most of the seafood listed on the menu had been changed or wasn't available that evening and no one told us until we ordered it.  They should change that on the menu or have the server tell you before you order.
Pork shoulder tacos for two.  Street corn. Duck empanadas. Table side guac is good but not sure it's worth the 12$ as it's a small portion and hello-- so easy to do at home.  It's fun to make dinner into a tapas affair with a bunch for the table to share. Portions are small so the bill can get high quickly especially with drinks but it's a cozy and romantic ambiance. I love the fire outside on the patio and the banquette seating inside isn't too terrible either but for a truly special night I'd ask for a booth inside if you can't sit on the patio. I'm not sure how accommodating they are as I've never had any issues but it was a yummy dinner.   Service was attentive but invisible which is kind of nice sometimes! No problems except fitting into my jeans the next morning!
Pricey but delicious! Our server was great and the tableside guacamole was fantastic. Wait time was average considering it was Saturday night. Most likely will go again.
After living in San Diego for 15 years, I will say that The Mission in Scottsdale has the best Mexican food I've had.  They have a roving guacamole cart...ORDER THE GUACAMOLE!  Someone will mix it up right in front of you, and it is so good that I did not stop eating it, even as the waitress was kindly going over the menu at our request...munch, munch, munch.  Please also order the Malbec-braised short rib tacos.  They put one slice of dill pickle in, and coupled with amazing sauce and the meat, your tastebuds will be in absolute Heaven.  Provided you can stop eating the guacamole long enough to enjoy anything else.
This was our "splurge" dinner while on vacation over the holidays.  We picked The Mission after visiting the sister restaurant (House Brasserie) on the Scottsdale food tour earlier in the week.  The restaurant is beautiful, but the seating is a bit tight.  We enjoyed talking to the couple seated next to us, however, if you're looking for a more private dining experience this might not be the place for you.   We started with the guacamole, prepared table side.  It was okay but the salsa was actually much better.  Dinner choices include typical meat/seafood entree dishes or tacos (3 small tacos).  My husband had the Malbec braised short ribs.  It was a very generous portion of meat served on a very minimal portion of a vegetable.  The menu indicated they were "crispy potatoes" but they looked and tasted more like a plantain. The tacos I ordered came as described - three small steak tacos.   As a side dish we had a ridiculously large order of mixed regular and sweet potato fries with two dipping sauces.  We ate less than 1/3 of them, in part because there were just too many and also because they were not as tasty as the rest of the food.    I can't comment on the drinks, but the menu looked interesting.  The service was great.  Our waitress was very nice and helpful.  Our water and ice tea glasses were filled constantly.  Because of the proximity of tables I could not help but overhear the party next to us and their constant questions and demands of our server.  She handled them all politely and as patiently as she possibly could.    Overall, I think this is a very solid choice and we would return to try some other dishes.  The service is outstanding
The food and service was awesome! Short ribs were amazing and the presentation of the food was very classy.
We just happened into this place early on New Year's Eve with our (well behaved) four-year-old while in town for a football game. We were not expecting to even be let in! Luckily, no one cringed and just let us know they'd squeeze us in if we thought we could be done by the next reservation at 7:30, which was no problem and completely understandable. Table side guacamole and pork shoulder tacos were amazing! Highly recommend and really nice people.
Ok. On the advice of a few friends who have been living in Scottsdale for a little while, I decided to take the gf here for her Bday as Mexican is her fav. We're both from Manhattan and are used to getting damn good street tacos and decent Mexican food. So we come here dressed casual chic and apparently the hordes of locals, many of whom I suspect make 30K a year but acted like they make 1 million plus, were dressed in suits and such. Keep in mind, I am in investment banking and my gf is in fashion so when saw this, were were giggling inside. However, this apparently warranted sub-par service as the waitstaff was apparently ignorant and knows not what they do. No surprise here as Scottsdale and most of the area can be accurately described as trailer trash trying really hard to pretend they live in a real city and actually have real jobs. So what we do is what we always do when we try a "hot restaurant" for the first time, we order the one dish that a place like this should never screw up. We ordered tacos. The meat tasted like it was pulled from some frozen TV dinner box, smothered with way too much sauce and overly salted. We decided to end the night right then and there. It was an absolute disgrace. We have had much better tacos at holes in the walls on random streets in NYC. I still don't understand how this place gets such raves and high reviews. Maybe they've never tasted real, authentic Latin/Mexican food before and this is the only thing they have to benchmark against. Such a sad state of affairs, like so many things in AZ.
The best pazole in town! A beautiful and romantic-chic atmosphere, delish guacamole made at your table and a variety of beer, wine and tequila as well as mixed drinks to choose from. Me and my friends love going here!
I have been here a dozen times and have sent numerous clients here. This was the worst experience ever and when asked for a manager Brian Adams was very unhelpful. Last time I was here with client he was intoxicated. This will be the last visit and referral. If I could leave zero stars I would.
Best southwest/Mexican food I've had in years!
4.5 stars, but I'm rounding up because it's a good day :)...here's what we grubbed on @ El Mission: *Crispy Pork & Cola Lime Glaze- get it! My favorite thing on the menu *Grilled street corn: bueno, but not quite as good as the street grilled variety in Mexico  *Lamb rib appetizer- fatty and not too much meat...but the good bits we're awesome! *Mahi Mahi tacos- decent, but save the fish tacos for another time and place! *Espresso churros & milkshake- a tasty and fun dessert...couldn't taste the espresso, but it was fun to dip those crunchy morsels!  Our server was also very knowledgeable - will definitely be returning to the Mission!
Every time I get the opportunity to eat at place that can remind me of my madreland I'm always a sucker to try it.  Most times I'm not impressed because... See review for all the other Mexican places I have ventured but other times it's a great experience and treat.   Meantime I decided to go out with my team and we looked forward to this awesome atmosphere and restaurant located in old town Snobsdale. We made reservations and ended up with Lauren our server for the night.  We ordered appetizers like the Guacamole and the cheese plate.  The guacamole was good but nothing beyond what other local joints can do and I was not impressed with the portion which was very small. The cheese plate was not my favorite.  We kept getting pushed to hurry and order and we were still having cocktails and waiting for another member. The server said if there was any chance we can call our friend to order her food because they needed to serve more guest?? What the French! Did we just get checked at a high end restaurant and were told to hurry up?!   By the time we got our food I was really annoyed.  Here I am bringing out my team and although I understand you have a busy place, get over yourself and make sure your hostess doesn't seat us if we don't have a party versus making such a classless move.  Foul!  The food was okay but my experience just bummed me out.  I talked to the manager, Brian and he said it was a tough balance and hoped we can understand.  We will see whether I would ever do this again.  It's not like I do this every once in a while, I'm out and about all the time.  Boo
Great food and drinks! I also love the atmosphere...not always the best service, but worth it for the food and surroundings.
Definitely try the guacamole, crispy pork belly, and the margaritas! They make the guacomole right in front of your yable! So delish!
No matter how good the food is, how you treat your customers is what really distinguishes a great restaurant.  Tonight we came in to dine and were told all they had was outside seating.  This was not told to us beforehand, and if we had known we would have come another evening, as we don't care for outside seating.  Instead of accommodating us, we were left to take it or leave it.  So we left.  We know the food is very good, as we've been to the restaurant many times before--we live in the area, as opposed to the many patrons who are visitors.  So, MIssion, when the economy tanks again or it's summer and you need the local residents to help you make it, good luck.  Not to say we won't be going there again, but we certainly won't be recommending you to our friends and visitors.  And by the way, Los Sombreros was thrilled to welcome us back and the food is just as good, if not better!
We had a reservation at 8 for a group of 7. We showed up a little before 8 and they told us they were just getting out table ready and asked if we could wait. Literally 5 minutes later, a waiter brings by free mini sized margaritas as a thank you for being patient. Already in an awesome mood.  The drink menu is extensive, and just about everything is great (I would know because we all swapped drinks and tried each others).  Food: you must get the guacamole as a started. But caveat, do not overeat chips or you will be full by the time your entree arrives! I ordered the butternut squash tacos, which were so good. Everyone else got steak or fish and also loved their dish.  Great ambiance, great service, nothing but raves about the food and drinks.
You've got to get the guacamole & pork shoulder!  Cool atmosphere and great food...we loved this place! Service could've been a bit quicker but the quality of the food made up for it.
Horrible horrible experience. We went to this restaurant specifically due to their allergy friendly menu options and rating. We announced the food allergy and she very clearly understood it when we ordered but the waitress ignored the food allergy, served us food that made one member of our party exceedingly sick, spent the night in the hospital and ruined the entire next day, our only full day in Phoenix! The manager was very nice in person but asked me to follow-up then never returned a call. I just made call number FOUR and neither Bryan Adams nor partial owner Brian Raab have responded! So disappointed. To boot, they billed us for the dinner! HORRIFIC EXPERIENCE.  Lastly, we had reserved a 845 table, were told when we arrived it wouldn't be until 915pm but then they magically got us in 2 minutes after we had drinks in hand from the bar.
We came for brunch on Sunday and being it was our first time we made reservations. They were probably not needed at 11am, but it did get a little busier as morning turned to afternoon. We asked to be seated on the patio and the hostess seemed somewhat confused. When she took us outside she tried to seat us right next to the only other table on the patio. We said we would prefer to sit on the other, empty side. The next couple that came in was seated right next to us!  The menu looked good, but the brunch section only had about 5 items, not much of a choice. The server was friendly and recommended the huevos rancheros, she asked if we wanted meat, my girlfriend said no as she is a vegetarian. When it came it had pork, but the food runner was quick to correct it.  I asked for her recommendation between the red or green chilaquilles and she wholeheartedly said green. Seeing that the green had cilantro and the red didn't , I went green - they were good, but the green was chicken and the red was pork and everyone raves about the pork here, maybe I should have got the red.  The talk of the town here is "try the guacamole" and while it wasn't bad, making it tableside wasn't much of a show and one avocado certainly wasn't worth $12. The awkwardness started when the guacamole was finished and plopped on the table, but the chips didn't arrive until a good 5 minutes later. Wasn't sure if I should be eating it with a spoon or not.  Mimosas and bloody marys were half off, which was nice, but when I ordered a second one it didn't arrive until well after I was finished eating and then only after a reminder.  Maybe it was because we came so soon after they opened and maybe everyone was still hungover from Saturday night, but the hostess, server and cook just weren't on their A game today.
Favorite place in Old Town Scottsdale. Perfect for groups and dates. I had my birthday brunch their this year with my twin sister and they accommodated us great for a large group of 20. Sunday brunch buffet is the best for the pork tacos, all you can eat for $16. The ghost sauce is amazing but use with caution. Also ask for the baby taster frozen margaritas of the day. Then order them mixed if you like both of them. Best margaritas in town. Be bold don't go with a skinny one here. They are worth the extra calories. Table side guacamole is MUST HAVE!  ENJOY!
How did I forget this?  This place just rocks all the way around. Even with their overpriced drinks and retarded wait times.   Just go.  Get the Guac and the Porkbelly   Oscar the Grouch used to be orange. Jim Henson decided to make him green before the second season of Sesame Street.   Did you know that? No. You didn't. This has officially been the most helpful review you have ever read. You're welcome.
Jack in the box was a better choice. The Customer Pool Was Deeply Immersed In Trash Talking About the service
Service is very hit and miss and when it misses it misses by a mile.  Waitress was not attentive at all.  Felt like we were forgotten.  Food is alright, nothing special.  The Phoenix area has many great Mexican restaurants and this isn't one of them.  Wouldn't come back because of the service.  The food isn't good enough make up for the bad service.
LOVE this place. The food is magnificent. Every time we have an out of town guest we take them to Mission.  We have been for dinner many times and for brunch. Amazing menu. Love the table side guacamole...and every entrée we have tried.  You have to make a reservation.
This place has amazing food. I have tried several things here but my favorite are the steak tacos. Yum!!
The ambiance is great...I'll give it that.  Service, however, was full court press, and yeah i understand that they are trying to turn over tables but when I am paying a final tab of $100+ for 3 petite taco plates and 2 cocktails (me and my date) i expect a bit more than food artistry.  Frankly, great concept by way of decor...but a bit too pretentious for my taste. Its a place to 'be seen' and to impress someone with but not particularly cozy nor intimate..i.e. if you go for more than dim lighting.  I certainly would go back but with adjusted expectations.
BARF! Gave it a extra star for the ambiance and decor that was the only thing this restaurant had going for itself.
This restaurant is fantastic in every way, it offers a multi-sensory experience which is impressive in terms of ambiance in addition to food and drink.  The amount of thought and intentionality is evident in the way that many small details are well attended to including the use of Himalayan Rock Salt bricks to keep tortillas warm to the interior reflecting a classic Latin American mission through lighting and catholic symbology.  If you don't like it, you shouldn't be writing restaurant reviews for others. Enjoy.
This is currently my FAVORITE restaurant in the valley. Everything from the ambiance to the service to the FOOD to the decor is fabulous. I've never ordered a bad thing on the menu. Everything has so much flavor. I love how the portions aren't ginormous - you leave full and satisfied but never feeling stuffed. The front patio is adorable, complete with a fireplace. The back patio is more spacious and offers heat lamps at night. The inside dining room is gorgeous but can be loud. Favorites are: Pork shoulder tacos, skirt steak tacos, mahi mahi tacos, grilled corn, tableside guacamole. Margaritas are great. Just learned of the "Sunday pig out" - $16 per person for all you can eat taco bar (this may change from week to week but it was pork shoulder tacos last Sunday) and half price bloody mary's, mimosas, bottles of wine.
The other night, my cousin invited me to dinner. I didn't know where I wanted to go, so I told her to give me some options. She sent me a text message with a laundry list of restaurants, some I had never heard of. I didn't know where to go, so I sent my foodie friend Gina a text message with the list of restaurants. She replied, "The Mission. Boom!" I had never been there before, so I wanted to try several things on the menu. From the guacamole to the duck confit empanada, EVERYTHING was delicious. Oh, and they infuse tequila with lime juice for some of their signature cocktails. If you want an authentic Latin cuisine experience, then you need to try The Mission.
Delicious tacos and guacamole was amazing! Fun place to be but noise level was a little too loud for a conversation.
Great food, great atmosphere, great service!   Have been here many times and have always had a great experience. Have been here for both romantic dinners and drinks with friends and enjoyed The Mission either way.  A unique and satisfying menu.   Will definitely keep coming back!
Really enjoyed the ambiance, table-side guacamole/chips/salsa, and desserts.  My sweet potato tacos were meh, but my partner's Mahi Mahi tacos were light, bright, and tasty (small portions). The pumpkin bread pudding and fried bananas (large portions) were yum and a nice way to end the meal.
This place was excellent!  The boyfriend had recommended this place, and we decided to try it for Valentine's Day.  We made a reservation online, which was really convenient especially for a holiday.  The margaritas are really good.  I had the primarita, which the server recommended as it is the most popular.  It was really good.  The boyfriend ordered a smokehouse margarita, which definitely pulled through with it's name.  It had a smokey flavor and a spicy kick.  We started out with the grilled street corn, which came with a mayo-based sauce that was incredibly flavorful, and a little spicier than I expected, but in a good way.  I ordered the short ribs, and the boyfriend ordered the chorizo porchetta.  Both were very flavorful.  I really enjoyed the cheese sauce that came with the meat.  The ambiance and decor were perfect. I read reviews stating that it was too dark, but it was never too dark for me to read or see what I was eating.  Our server was very friendly and our glasses were always filled.  We would definitely go again!
One of my favorite Mexican food places in scottsdale. I would definitely recommend coming here if you haven't yet. The fish and steak tacos are some of the best that i have had.
This is a review for the fellas, but ladies - pay attention: Guys, there is only one reason to go to the mission, and it's to take your lover there and show her that you are a man of distinguished tastes and also that you have slightly too much money, but not too much that you're frivolous - just enough extra that you can afford things like expensive tiny tacos and fancy drinks.  When you go to the mission, maybe it's best to eat inside, because the lights are low, and the wood is dark, and it's moody - do you understand what I'm saying?  It's a romantic atmosphere.  So first get some drinks, and I recommend their margaritas, or their tequila mojito, but if you're a guy only order the tequila mojito if your lady already knows that you are a strong lover, because you don't want to send the wrong message, but it's an amazing drink.  Next, it's time for the tacos.  Their menu is pretty thick but it's mostly the cover that's thick, and there aren't actually a lot of pages, so focus on the tacos.  They're sold three at a time, so your will order three tiny tacos, and your lover will order three tiny tacos as well, and then maybe once the food comes, you have an opportunity to swap one.  Or maybe two.  Do you see what I'm saying?  Finally, desert.  Hey, get another drink and get some fried bananas - that's both a suggestive dish, and something delicious, and it lets you both set the mood for what happens after dinner.  That's it.  If you don't like the food or drinks, you don't know what good is, and if you haven't set the mood right, then you have nobody to blame but yourself (or maybe you need to be more discerning about your choice of lovers).  The Mission.
This is my absolute favorite restaurant in Scottsdale. It is so amazing! I love the ambiance, the interior decor style, the food and the service is always great. This is the only place that makes me miss eating chicken as the chicken taco's are so fantastic. I've been a full vegetarian for a few years now though and let me tell you, there butternut squash tacos are so delicious, so make sure to order them. My favorite thing there is the table side guacamole! I love the guys that come over and make it for you (don't forget to tip them, it's the nice thing to do) and they make some bomb guacamole. I brought my parents there and my dad typically hates guacamole but he tried the table side guac here and he ended up eating the whole bowl!   The restaurant is always busy, which is always a good sign. So, be sure to make a reservation. If you didn't make one, don't worry, just walk-in because there's usually room in the bar or somewhere on one of the two patios.
I highly recommend this place to everyone and anyone. By far my favorite place I ate at while in Scottsdale for the weekend. The food and service was 5+ stars. Also, make sure to have reservations made before going. Super popular place to go too!!!
We loved it!  We had a reservation for 6 and they sat us immediately.  The servers were fantastic and made excellent recommendations.  The primata margarita is very good. My friend and I shared the pork tacos for two. It was good but I think the others loved their meals more based on their reactions.  The guacamole was good and we liked how we could get different versions...hot was the best!
This is the third time I have been to the Mission.  The first two were for dinner, the third time was for lunch.  I travel to Phx/Scottsdale and the food here is a can't miss.  At night, it is more of a scene with low lighting and a great atmosphere. In the day, it was totally different very laid back, warm and inviting; especially if you are seated at a table outside with the sun shining down on you. The guacamole is amazing and the street tacos were great with a unique twist.  Also, if you want to experience great food without spending too much, lunch is a great option.
The service was scatterbrained and the food was good but the timing was a mess.  It's really hit or miss with this place.
Just come here!  This place OOZES sexy!  I am sure it will be 5 stars when I eat a full meal... but for now the ambiance, fresh made guacamole, champagne and SEXY environment has me wanting more!  Great patios, service, people and ALWAYS packed.  Reservations required unless you want to be smashed at the bar... I don't mind it's worth the visit!  LOVE this place and on my list of ideal romantic dinner places!
Had the table side guac, pork shoulder tacos, roasted corn, and black bean side. All very good. At first I thought the pork taco serving was small for two people but once you add it to the small corn tortillas and other toppings its plenty. Service was excellent we were seated outside under a heat lamp and someone came over and placed a cloth napkin on the ground where my purse was to protect it. Drinks were my only disappointment but since this is based on personal preference I still gave 5 stars. The mojito mint was not muddled and the wine selections were limited. I tried three different drinks and none really wowed me but the food more than made up for it.
We walked by on our way to the Giants baseball game on Friday and it looked good, so we went for lunch today in the rain.  It was just wonderful. We sat on the back patio which was not crowded, even though it was pretty crowded inside.  Our waiter was pleasant, prompt, and helpful in explaining menu items.  I had the shrimp tacos and my husband had Huevos Rancheros.  We also ordered a side of the street corn.  It was one of the best meals we've had on this trip.  The rain added to the already lovely ambience.    The tacos, in addition to tasting wonderful, looked just as good.  The presentation is clearly important to them.  The service was equally good.   A great place for either lunch or dinner.
Very good food and ambiance! Order guacamole...Only downside is the table booths are very close to each other. Make reservations.
We happened past The Mission as we were wandering around Old Town Scottsdale before today's Giants game (Giants won! Yes!). As we're vegetarians, and ballpark food is usually pretty sparse for folks who don't eat hot dogs and cheese steaks, we were looking for a place to grab some lunch before the game, and the menu here drew us right in.  We chose to sit on the well-shaded patio, as the interior of the restaurant is rather dark. The patio is really pleasant...well-shaded, and with plenty of cover to prevent...er...birdy accidents (I normally avoid dining al fresco, having lost many a tasty meal to a sparrow's incontinence, but this patio was sheltered enough that it seemed -- and, thankfully, was -- safe!).  Neither of us wanted anything heavy (we were still a bit full from a wonderful pizza at Papago Brewing the night before, and anticipating a big dinner at Café Lalibela in Tempe that evening). I ordered the Grilled Romaine Salad and an order of Grilled Street Corn, and my husband had the Roasted Organic Butternut Squash Tacos. We regretfully declined the tableside quacamole, even though we're major guac fans, as we knew we'd never find room for it (we did see it being made, though, and it looked amazing).  We both enjoyed our food, but we also agreed that my meal was the real star. If you've never tried (or thought about) grilling lettuce, you're really missing something! Grilling brings out the sweetness in this often rather bland vegetable, and adds a nice smokiness that was, in this salad, perfectly complemented by the chipotle vinaigrette. Everything was in perfect balance, with a slight saltiness added by the cotija cheese, a kiss of heat from the chipotles, and textural contrasts provided by the black beans and the thin tortilla strips. It was generously sized too...perfect for a light lunch.  The corn was, in a word, amazing. My serving consisted of nearly an entire ear of corn, served as two skewers, each bathed in a luscious chili-laced butter sauce and lightly coated with more cotija cheese. Yum!  My husband's tacos were very good as well. They were served as three mini-tacos, each on a small, handmade tortilla. The proportion of filling to tortilla made them something you'd want to eat with a fork (like a small, not-fried, tostada) rather than try to pick up. The filling was well-seasoned and had a very good flavor.  I also had one of their house margaritas (on the rocks), and it was very well-made. You knew you were drinking tequila and not some cheap-o candy drink. Good flavor, with just the right amount of tartness.  Very glad we stopped here! We'll be repeat customers!
My wife and I came here on Tuesday.  Early dinner, but had our reservations for 2 weeks. We sat inside. I saw several reviews about it being "romantic" but I would caution that the noise level goes extremely high.   The cocktails and sipping tequila were a fun touch.  A tequila mojito?  Not bad. We started with table side guacamole.  My wife ordered a duck confit, and I had a chorizo pork shoulder. Both were good, but we both felt stuffed before we could finish the entrees. Too Rich or too many chips?   Either way, we felt like humpy dumpty.   I asked my wife to order dessert, because the yelp reviews were amazing. Pumpkin bread pudding and chocolate churro were wasted (we left more than we ate). Now, we were not enjoying the experience. Overbearing noise, Rich food, and flavors all felt the same. Sorry Mission, I can eat...but you failed in making me want to.    I know others will disagree, as this place did not lack business.
Great food. Great service.   Pork shoulder was amazing and the pork appetizer was great.  We didn't have a reservation and had to wait but it was worth it.
This place didn't live up to the hype. Went here for lunch on a Saturday.  Positives:  1. Outdoor seating is great.  2. Cocktails are fresh 3. Waiters and Waitresses are attentive.   Negatives: 1. We waited close to 40 minutes for our food to arrive after we ordered it. 2. My margarita was way overpriced ($13) 3. I ordered the Kale salad with chicken. The salad was extremely salty.  4. My lunch date order the taco trio. We were told they were "street" sized, however the  tortillas were approximately 2.5 inches in diameter. It looked like an appetizer.   Save your money and go somewhere else!
so I made reservation at 5:45, showed up, and told to wait by wait staff because the table is still busy. (sure... there are many other tables available for 1 or 2 ppl) 20 min later I asked, is my table ready, she then looked at the manager, and the manager asked her if I have any reservation. she pointed to my name and he asked for how many ppl, she said 1. and he said only 1!!? then she seated me to another table (which has been available in the first place) the place is not a place for enjoying your meal. it is a fusion of mexican argentine and peruvian food. in which the food part is pretty good. just don't order any Taco (they are badly made and not sure why) the waitress was very nice and describe the food well, she did not recommended the Taco, next time I would try the short ribs or their speciality pork belly. I wish they lit up the room a bit, too dark and having a waitress to shine a light on the menu or your food so you can see, doesn't help. Duck Carnitas Empanada was great.
BEST restaurant in town, especially if you are visiting like my husband and I were from Chicago . We chose this as our only fine dining restaurant for our short trip to celebrate our two year annivesary engagement. I tried making reservations online on opentable.com but when it was full, I called the restaurant and spoke to a nice lady who got me outdoor patio reservations at 8 p.m. on a Thursday night.   I know it's expensive, but compared to Chicago restaurants, the prices here were worth every penny, and my husband and I thought the prices were fair for the ambiance, and great service. Our waitress had too many tables in my opinion, but she gave everyone fair attention. With a large drink list, we couldn't decide what we wanted, but with some help on flavors, my husband and I got cocktails we both enjoyed along with our dinner.   We split the corn appetizer dish and the steak taco's. They are the best steak taco's I have ever had. They came in 3, all though we could have requested 4, and a generous amount was on each perfectly cooked corn tortillas. The flavor was intense, I absolutely loved it.  The presentation and taste of our banana dessert was something I don't regret eating regardless of how many calories it had and how full I was. This restaurant seemed so popular, full of people on dates, walk-ins to bar, girls night out, or just group gatherings. I would definately go back and wish the restaurant was located in Chicago.
Although the food was good, we had an issue with the service.  When asked to accommodate a variation on a menu item the waitress was not willing to even try to the point of rudeness. Then between courses she placed our used silverware that were on our plates back onto the table. When we asked for clean silverware we were given an extremely snide remark by the waitress. Her rudeness ruined the ambiance of the beautiful patio dining.
This was my first time here and WOW, it was delicious!!! Beyond delicious!! Atmosphere was pure perfection and delightful!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
The food was great, we sat outside in the rear of the restaurant.  You really can't beat the service, very friendly and continually keep your drinks filled.  I had a steak, I can't remember the exact name, but it was great one of the best steaks of ever had. Also, order the guacamole. They prepare it right next to your table fresh.  Great place, I would recommend it to anyone.
First time visit here. We enjoyed the Margaritas and the appetizer Pozole, which contained some complex flavors. Unfortunately I thought my pork shoulder was fairly dry and lacked overall flavor. My girlfriend's Snapper also was fairly dry and lacked much flavor. We were both underwhelmed for the pretty pricey dishes. We decided we'd go back for the Margaritas and appetizers skipping the expensive dinner.
We had reservations for the patio a few months back. We arrived on time, we seated promptly at a nice table and brought water immediately. However. It went down hill from there fast. Two different servers came up and introduced themselves as our servers. It felt rushed. We gave one our drink order, only to have the other come up and ask what we would like to drink. What...? The wine came a long while later. We put in an order for a jidori chicken appetizer with a server and some guac made table side. Both were good. For dinner we ordered the diver scallops and another chicken item. Right after one server took our order for entrees, another came up and dropped off dessert menus. What...? Did we not get our entree order in? We will never be sure when the entree orders were put in. Did the server forget? Why did we get dessert menus? It took almost an hour for entrees to come out. Which was fine as the appetizers filled us up. But still. Both entrees were good but I've had comparable food with proper service at other places. My scallops were perfect although I realized I wasn't a big fan of the set it was with. Boyfriend liked his chicken. We were planning to get dessert but after all was said and done I was full and completely turned off by the service. Our bill was somewhere around $130 before tip. I've worked fine dining, I'm still a server. This was the worst service I've ever had, not because the people weren't nice but because it was so chaotic and stressful and the energy was reflected onto the guests. Def not worth $160, which is a lot to us. Lastly, I forgot my sweater there and didn't realize until we got home. I called the restaurant and the host said they had it. I gave them my name and number and said I would be in the following day. I went to pick it up the next morning and it was no where to be found. Kind of ridiculous if you ask me. Save your money. There are so many other wonderful restaurants in Old Town with service that isn't so stressful.
Went there 2x last year.  Terrific food.  Bread pudding dessert was incredible.  Attentive service.  Beautiful courtyard in the back.  Magical and romantic.  But then the negatives...inside was so dark I could not see the food.  Wait staff carry flashlights so customers can see what they are eating...ridiculous.  waitress said they get complaints all night about the dim lights but the owner refuses to turn them up!!!  It is a little pricey...but ok...I'll pay because the food is really that good...but if they don't turn the lights up so I can see what I am eating then I will not be back.  There is no excuse for such a poorly lit restaurant.  Cannot read the menu, cannot see the food.  Wake up owner...whoever you are...turn the lights on please...you ruin an otherwise amazing dining experience.  ...It was so dark I could barely find the silverware...no kidding!
Excellent guacamole served table side. Avocado margarita unique and worth checking out. I got the skirt steak tacos which were delicious. My husband had the grouper - a little in the dry side. Overall a great meal!
Pros:  Best meal I've had in awhile.  Great margaritas.  Yummy guac.  Perfect portion sizes.  Exceptional chocolate dessert  Cons:  none
This was the most amazing food I have ever had. Starting with the table side guacamole, every dish we had was presented fabulously only to be outdone by the incredible flavors.  Hank said "boing!"
Located in Old Town Scottsdale, AZ, The Mission is amazing.   For starters, my partner & I ordered the duck confit empanada, which includes foie gras. Of course, being from California where this is outlawed I HAD to have some foie gras! This appetizer was amazing! I could have had seconds but who wants to be a little piggy? Not me!  Especially when their specialty is pork!   Mmmm pork. Where do I start? I had the chorizo porchetta & my SO had the pork shoulder tacos. Both were melt in your mouth amazing. I finished off my entree & wanted to lick the plate clean!   Having heard they are known for their Avocado Margaritas, I was intrigued. You may think WHAT? AVOCADO MARGARITA!??! Rest assured you MUST try one! They are very yummy... You can't taste the avo. It makes it creamy & a uniquely green goodness.   The service was really really good. Our server was attentive & keen on making sure our drinks & food were served promptly. It was a fine dining experience that didn't feel pretentious. It felt casual and comfortable; the way I like my experience to be.   I can assure you I will be returning to The Mission the next time I visit Scottsdale. Until then, I'll go back to dreaming about avocado margaritas.
Food is great, but it's pricey. it's great upscale mexican food, but we live in Arizona and can get great Mexican food everywhere. Service is good, but it can be a bit stuffy. I'd say eat at the bar, if you can get a seat. Our server gave us lackluser service once he realized we weren't ordering a ton of food. Our billl was still around $100, which was fine. Just wasn't blown away, don't much care for being treated like that.
Easily one of my top 15 all time meals. Absolutely delicious & fresh! Practically licked the bowl of the tableside guacamole. Pulled pork tacos melted in your mouth. And the margaritas washed it all down with a smile.
Overhyped, and overcrowded...there are great restaurants in Phoenix and this is not one of them.  To set the tone for the evening, we received a call the afternoon of our reservation informing us that we would be allotted two hours in which to dine. That would have been fine, had it not been for the fact that most of our precious two hours was chewed up by the overworked waiter zooming past us avoiding eye contact.  The place is packed and noisy and the staff is impossibly rushed.  As for the food...meh.  It's Mexican food done in a fancy style, but it lacks any wow factor.
Not worth the hype! Servers were very nice but that was pretty much it. We went for a group dinner and were extremely disappointed - the food was not very good and too overpriced. I don't mind paying for good food, but this was not good at all. Everything was too spicy and salty and served cold. The only good thing on the menu was the guacamole which was served table side and the kale salad. Also make sure that when they sell you on the wines they give you the real story and not a fancy one to try to up sell you. Won't be going back.
Out of the hundreds of restaurants in Scottsdale, this one is my favorite. Great atmosphere, food, and drinks. Duck Empanada was absolutely delicious and you can get a side of foie gras for 5 bucks! Enough said, check it out!
Scene: Sunday night after a San Francisco Giants win, noisy bar crowd, policeman stationed near the entrance  I regretted not coming for lunch, which I would suggest, if you'd like a calmer ambiance. Request the back patio. The policeman's presence was curious, but I learned later he was there to watch for rowdy patrons, due to Scottsdale's bar scene. After a shade in the front patio hit my head due to the wind, I moved to another table in the patio.  The table side prepared guacamole looked great, but is quite a large portion for one. A server said I could have a taste, but didn't follow through. My server arrived, who was quite pleasant. He suggested items for vegetarians and his favorites.  He agreed on my choice of the Shaved Kale Salad. It was a generous portion, easily shared, with a delicious blend of sweet and savory, due to blood oranges, goat cheese and marcona almonds which compliment the kale. He told me the guacamole is only one size. I then chose the Roasted Organic Butternut Squash Tacos, since they are handmade. I was concerned about jalapenos but it's not a spicy dish. Beautiful presentation! Bite size tacos contain sweet butternut squash offset by a tasty mixture of spices.  I wanted dessert, but don't particularly like bread pudding, and chose it due to other Yelpers' compliments. I couldn't photograph it due to the darkness of the front patio. The pumpkin is quite subtle. It was disappointing that the ice cream had melted, and the small piece of bread pudding was almost submerged in the sauce, which created a mess. I mentioned this to my server, but he didn't offer anything else. I would choose another dessert.   The cooking at The Mission is quite refined and inventive, due to the chef's creativity. The restaurant is very busy, in addition to the bar, which overwhelms the staff. Try visiting for brunch, lunch or on a weekday night, when one could enjoy the delicious food in outdoor patios.
If you are at The Mission and aren't calling this meal the best one you have had in Arizona, then you are at ANOTHER restaurant called Mission something...and you need to get to The Mission. Table side Guacamole, Spinach Dates Salad, Crispy Pork and Cola Lime glaze, Street Corn off the cob (that I would kill a man for), Chorizo Porchetta, Pablano Grits, and PLEASE DON'T ARGUE WITH ME THIS DINNER WAS INSANE!!! They haven't even brought out my Pumpkin Bread Pudding and I'm making a rez for tomorrow so I can eat more of this menu. Service from Noah was a supreme plus (as his recommendations really helped us nail this)! Eat, drink, and be merry! And if you don't think this is a 5-star meal you are out of your mind! Ok...back to dessert! :)
I'm from Philadelphia and was in town to visit friends after some business in Vegas.  Every time I come out here, I just have to have the Mexican food, because although we have some good Mexican spots in Philly, it just isn't the same as the Southwest.  The Mission didn't disappoint, it was awesome.  The margaritas were very good, I have a cucumber jalapeno margarita and thought the combination of a little bit of heat with the margarita flavor was great.  Another of my friends had a martini which she said was good and my other buddy had the house margarita, also good.  Let's talk about the food though, the star of the show.  Street corn, with this spicy mayo type sauce on it, wow, awesome.  Grilled to perfection and the sauce was incredible.  For dinner we shared three dishes:  a flat iron steak, very good, tasty, well cooked, mahi mahi tacos, which were friend to perfection, crispy and very tasty and the dish that I would fly back for tonight, the porchetta stuffed with chorizo.  This pork dish was braised for 16 hours, literally falling apart, juicy, tender, tasty...was the best dish I had in Scottsdale.  To top of the meal, we had churros, that came with a milkshake...great way to end the meal.  Overall great experience, our server was awesome, food was on point, drinks were tasty, would definitely go back.  Price was reasonable, three people, appetizer, two drinks a piece and a meal and bill was around $200 total.  Not bad at all.
Always great food and the owners are very personalble :)
We came here for my birthday and it was absolutely wonderful. The atmosphere is great and they hands down have the best margarita I've ever had! It's classic, clean, authentic and full of flavor. The mahi mahi tacos are delicious and the guacamole is to die for and they make it right in front of you! They make their own bread for their tortas and everything here is ridiculously authentic. I would definitely recommend it to anyone, it's a great up scale place. For dessert - I am not at all a fan of bread pudding, but OH my goodness - do not pass up the opportunity to try it if you have it, it is incredibly well done & momentarily makes you levitate into a state of paradise.
Yummy Guacamole, and they even ask you how spicy you would like it.  I ordered hot and got exactly what I wanted. The best I have had in Phoenix.  They brought over their hottest salsa, it was TOO HOT!  Holy cow, be careful on that one.  The burn doesn't go away for a while, my eyes were running it was so hot.    The prices could be a little less expensive, but overall, I will be back.  Great for date night.  The bar staff was awesome, great service overall.
This is not your local taco joint. It's a classy hip Mexican restaurant/bar backed by an award winning chef know for inspiring twist on cultural dishes. The decor his rustic, gothic, and hip. The food is on a different level that most places and will introduce your palate to  favors so full and interesting you will smiling and taking about it for the whole time there. Just like the food, the drink menu is on a higher level. The service is amazing friendly and not snobby at all. Workers greet with a smile you as you walk in and out. Waiters know their food as if they were the chefs. With all this combined you would think that this place could break your wallet but to the contrary! It's affordable! Mission has it right!
I've heard how great The Mission is ever since I moved to Scottsdale in 2011 and finally checked it out last weekend. My boyfriend and I went to the Mission for our 4 year anniversary dinner because we wanted to try something new.  The Mission looks really cool inside and there are pretty chandeliers hanging around. We got drinks at the bar while our outside table finished being set up - we ordered red sangria and a Michelada style beer - both were great.  Our table was outside on the patio and it was a gorgeous night. At first our waiter seemed MIA but then he made himself more apparent. For an appetizer we ordered the Duck Carnitas Empanada and it was sooo good. Then for dinner we shared the Pork Shoulder tacos and they were awesome. The hand pressed tortillas were a little smaller than the palm of your hand and then you created your own little taco with the pork, cheese, onions and cilantro. It being our anniversary, they comped our dessert and brought out the Pumpkin Bread Pudding and it was really good, rich, and I couldn't stop eating it.  Highly recommend The Mission! I would definitely go back - so much to try on their menu.
HOLY CRAP!   This place is insane! The Sweet Corn appetizer was just like some that I had tasted at a Fell's Point festival. (I confess to going home and making some because I was so inspired) The scallop tacos were also served in heavy and delicious portions.   To top it all off, the red sangria was singing to me by the end of the night.   Awesome rustic chic decor. A must go in Scottsdale for a fun night out with the girls.
We drove here straight from the airport after arriving from Seattle. We tried to get into Los Dos Molinos and Frank and Lupe's but both were closed. We called The Mission and they said "come on in" even though we would arrive past 10 AM. The room is absolutely beautiful and the food is amazing. This was truly an inspiring culinary adventure and will be on my list every time I visit Scottsdale in the future.
The food was good but the waitress was passive aggressive and condescending. The wine was corked but we did not mention because we were getting dirty looks for asking questions. She was annoyed by every question and did not explain the specials to half of our group that arrived two minutes later than the first group and treated them like idiots when they asked questions. The disdain and eye rolling reminded us of our worst experience in Paris. We've never submitted a bad review before.
I don't toss around 5 stars lightly. Service has to be flawless, food has to be top notch, and the entire experience needs me to be thinking about it days later. That's what I experienced at The Mission. Broken Plate Concepts truly gets that dining out isn't just dining out--it should be an experience from start to finish.   Like it's sister restaurant, House Brasserie, the restaurant is lovely.  And it's meant to be a finer dining experience so take the time to dress up. A party ahead of us who clearly hadn't planned out their experience was informed that the young men needed to remove their baseball caps. They weren't happy about it, but I appreciate that a restaurant wants to maintain a certain level of experience for everyone.  There are 2 patios, one in front and one in rear of restaurant. Both were comfortable and calming. Our server was friendly, knowledgeable, and worked very hard to make our first experience memorable. We were celebrating our anniversary and she even treated us to dessert. Classy!  So, if you're coming to The Mission, you have to have the table side guacamole. It's a must have. You can have other stuff off the starters list but if you don't get the table side guacamole, you are a fool. Seriously. It's that good. They roll out a cart filled with every ingredient imaginable to create guac and literally make guacamole right at your table to your taste. It doesn't get any fresher or better than that. The chips are warm, not too salty and more importantly, sturdy! There is nothing worse than flimsy chips that break when you are scooping salsa and/or guacamole. And let me tell you, the salsa is incredible.   Husband and I both had the street tacos; he the tecate skirt steak tacos and I the roasted butternut squash tacos. Y.U.M. We went on Saturday evening...it's now Tuesday. We are STILL talking about these tacos. The skirt steak was melt in your mouth tender and the butternut squash tacos were filling and perfectly done. Nothing worse than overcooked squash. We also had the papas y chorizo and the chipotle grits for sides. Both were delicious and unique.   Our dessert was a pumpkin bread pudding that was damn near a religious experience. Ordinarily I wouldn't pick bread pudding but I am going to have to rethink that after having this ooey, gooey, chunk of heaven. The ice cream sprinkled with cayenne was a nice touch too.   We are already planning our next visit and can't wait to try more treats!
My first yelp review.  So upset after going to The Mission on our anniversary. We walk up to the entrance and encountered the tall, spiked hair, male employee who was blocking the patio entrance to the restaurant. He was advising everyone to try the House Brasserie and handing out their menu. It was very confusing, and he was only acknowledging certain people of the multiple people trying to get by him into the restaurant. We  finally made our way around the crowd after getting my feet stepped on and  spoke to the two female hostesses.  We were told it was a 45 minute wait. We were fine with this because we had not made a reservation. The bar was crowded so we went back out  front where there was a place to sit.  The bench where we were sitting was by the patio entrance. There we waited 45 minutes starring at a table on the patio that was available the entire time we waited. The hostesses texted us that our table was ready. As we were walking in, there was the spiked hair, male employee blocking the hostess station. He saw me walk up and did not acknowledge me and began to talk to a female who walked right in front of me. Eventually he turned to me and said " you will have to wait a minute." Then, he turned to me and said "are you trying to get a table tonight"? At this point the female hostess are trying to look over him to talk to me but he would not budge his location. (Who is this guy? The bodyguard. He is not giving this restaurant a good first impression.) I assume because the hostesses recognized me, they said, "wait here because we are preparing your table." We stood there and waited another 10 minutes. Then, the hostess proceeded to walk us to the very open table we had been starring at for 45 minutes. This was the table they were "preparing for us" for the last 10 minutes? It had been prepared and empty for about 55 minutes! When we told the hostess we did not want to sit at this table, she became visibly angry and hateful. We were reseated at another open table on the patio. I wish we had just left and gone elsewhere.  Yes, the guacamole was good and the gentlemen that made it was extremely nice but there was nothing else about the food or restaurant that seemed worth the snobbiness of the staff.
We went to Scottsdale for a vacation and a colleague recommended The Mission.   Boy did we enjoy this place!  Our decision start with the Avocado Margarita and the Cucumber Jalapeno Margarita was a nice way to begin lunch!  The waiter described the Avocado Margarita as a smoothy but I found it more like a thick margarita.  Wonderful!  We had the table side traditional guacamole.  Very flavorful and quite enjoyable.  Whenever I see Pozole soup on the menu, I jump on it.  Their version was very unique.  Large chunks of smoky pork was a real surprise with a more broth base than I have had elsewhere.  A unique presentation and I will remember it!  We split the Shrimp Anticuchos and the Short rib tacos.  Both were excellent.   Enough for 2 people to share.  Service was great, the outdoor atmosphere was wonderful.  I will be back next time I'm in town
I was booking a bachelorette party brunch, and decided upon The Mission. The minute we walked in, I was a fan! I adored the chandeliers, the lighting, and all the other little details throughout the restaurant. Our waiter, Angel, was extraordinarily personable and accommodating.   We started off our brunch with the fresh guac, made-to-order at your table. it was AMAZING! I could have just eaten it out of the bowl and called it a day. Several of my friends ordered the Pollo a La Brasa y Waffles. I had to try a bite and must say, the waffles were to DIE for! Pure maple with bits of bacon, poured over a cinnamon waffle?! Yes pleaseeeeeeeeeeee! Too bad I am on a competition diet. with that said, the kitchen was able to accommodate my special diet and prepared me a breakfast plate with grilled chicken and egg whites. I tried the grits that came on the side, and they were creamy deliciousness for sure! The Chilaquiles looked incredible and, based on feedback, both the red AND green were very tasty.   I absolutely recommend The Mission to anyone looking for a great place for brunch. I would also HIGHLY recommend making reservations. I made mine a week in advance and was glad I did... the place really fills up quickly around 11:30!
The Mission is a hidden gem, small in scope but grand in vision. There are three separate interior dining spaces, along with a small patio, which creates a warm vibe and reduces the bustle and sound levels, creating an intimate setting. The owner Pavle is very welcoming and is a superb host. For a quick weekend in Scottsdale we sat outside for an early afternoon bottle of wine and a cheese & fruit plate, which was off menu but Pavle said "leave it to me to put something together" and he delivered. We also took his recommendation for wine, with a Lynch Aligote and both were wonderful. We decided to return for a dinner the following evening, as the menu and wine list read so well. Putting ourselves in Pavle's hands, we had a bottle of champagne from Savoie and a Etna red, both great and well priced. He could have chosen something for $100, and we had a larger budget, but his picks were half that and it is a testament to his ability to deliver consistent value and a high quality experience for his patrons. He also shared a taste of two Chinons, one being a rarer personal selection, which was greatly appreciated. For dining, we put ourselves in his & the chef's hands, and they did not disappoint. Wonderful varied flavors, from the lamb dumplings, falafel plate, pasta, and then to chicken...and I'm writing from memory so I will be general, the cuisine we tried (about 25% of the menu) is a hybrid of "classic" Mediterranean (falafel, lamb...) but with Italian "peasant" influences (brothy with vegetables), light and flavorful, not heavy, with a "Grandma's kitchen" feel where the plating is home-y, large portions, not served with a "reverence" you might find at a fancy foodie restaurant. Definitely a warm welcoming feel, where food is more dionysian. Notable: the chicken is sourced from a small farm, we had a breast that was pounded thin, had a wonderful gameier taste and texture, served with a topping best described as a dry salsa, with halves of lightly cooked radish, with wonderful croutons of lightly fried polenta. Fabulous. Highly recommend you visit (& make reservations!...also note he bar has only 3 seats, but Pavle is very accomodating and will work with you). If I neglected to mention this, the wine selection is outstanding. Many local items (AZ & NM), as well as a robust Old World list. Anyone who favors Kermit Lynch selections for his wine list is a man to be trusted!
My girlfriend and I went here for our anniversary.  The staff was friendly, but a little flustered.  They never brought a couple things we ordered (didn't try to charge us either, so no worries).  The food was very good, but the portions are pretty small.  You can tell they take their cooking seriously. I would go back, but it's probably not one of my regular spots.  We were chatting with one of the managers and he mentioned they have some great specials on Sunday (roasted pork, cheap drinks, etc.).  We've been meaning to go back and check it out.
The Mission is in Old Scottsdale, a nice area for good restaurants and shopping.    We went on a Sunday early afternoon for brunch.  It was busy but we were able to find a table in the bar area (first come, first served).  Otherwise, if you want a table, I'd suggest making reservations (we had one for dinner originally and times went quickly...we called a week in advance and the best we could get was 6PM).  Brunch is a choice of the regular menu, which is small but has some good dishes, or an All-You-Can-Eat taco bar, which is done well.  They have someone carving beef and pork.  They put it on a small, soft tortilla for you, and you add your own toppings.  Very good, reasonable price (think it was $16).  They also offer table side Guacamole, made to your preferences.  Overall, very enjoyable.  Might give it a 5-star if it were in another location, but with the competition in that area, there are a few that are slightly better.
I've eaten dinner before here and always loved it. Recently, I took my mother here and met some friends for brunch. We had an absolutely wonderful meal and experience. Our waitress was a sweetheart and very attentive. The Bloody Marys were out of this world and the guacamole and chips were incredible. I think I made the wrong choice in my meal because it had an over easy egg, which I don't like, but other than that it was a fantastic meal, loved the patio and we will definitely return not only for dinner now, but for brunch as well.
I hate to give 3 stars but service was a joke. The tacos we ordered were terrible. I will say the guacamole made at your table remains the same and still some well. The duck empanada was perfect. The fried bananas for Dessert was fine. Honestly, I won't be back for a long time. Not worth it to me. Too bad
This restaurant is truly a gem that you cannot pass up!! My husband and I have been coming for years and although we cannot come very often because it is not close to our home, we are never disappointed when we make the drive!   We started with the tostadas which are to die for! There are so many flavors and textures in this dish that wow you. A little on the spicy side, but so good!  We then had the cubano torta and the chicken tacos. Both were amazing!!  The waitstaff is attentive and knowledgable, even on tough questions like is the cheese pasteurized.   Always enjoy our meals here! Just don't sit out back, too many flies in the back for some reason.
Amazing guacamole, service and atmosphere!  I will be back.
My husband has been raving about this place, so we went there for lunch.  We started with their guacamole, made fresh right at the table.  It was incredible.  They come to your table with a cart loaded with bowls of ingredients and you can choose what to add to your guacamole.  I've never had anything so delicious!  Wow!  Their chips were also the best I've had in any restaurant anywhere!  We each ordered the tacos.  I had the pork shoulder tacos, which were incredible.  My husband ordered the barbacoa tacos.  He said they were good, but we swapped one taco and he liked the pork shoulder better.  I also had one of their "famous margaritas" and it was really tasty!  It was just the right strength, not too weak, not too strong.  We will definitely be going back. My only complaint was it's SO hot sitting outside on the patio, but I'm from Seattle, so not used to the heat.  It was like a sauna, so if you're really sensitive to heat, stay inside if you can.    Definitely five star, will definitely be back.
The food was amazing, the kind which makes you close your eyes & smile. I had the grilled chicken tacos with a side dish of papa's y chorizo then we tried huge tequila shots which I believe are a house special we were told it is DIAMOND filtered "OOOO fancy" whatever they do it was smooth! Warm and chilled (So we had a couple) haha. We were a party of 3 we all tried different dishes and all enjoyed.
Great for groups on the patio! Tableside guacamole is a must. Service is great and the food is uniquely beautiful and delicious. I chose this place for a work group and all loved it!
The Mission has been a favorite of mine since it opened.  I had my Farewell to Scottsdale, Arizona brunch on April 27th, and it was very disappointing.  After we were seated at 11 a.m.,  ordered drinks, and were given menus; the waitress advised us upon taking our order that their fryer was broken, and wouldn't be repaired anytime soon, or at least while we were dining.  Really problematic for our party, as we were looking forward to splitting their fabulous french fries.  There was a rather dismissive apology by the waitress, then she advised us that any of the entrees that would normally require a fryer could be prepared as grilled. I really couldn't think of what that was on the menu, but I ended up ordering a couple of "safe" appetizers to split, and left disappointed. We also ordered chips and guacamole, and the chips were either from another establishment or yesterday's as they were stale and uninviting.  Not what you would want to pair with $12 tableside guac.   It was even more entertaining to watch the very large touristy family next to us who wandered in with 7 kids under the age of 12.  There was nada on the menu for these little ones to eat except a quesadilla I guess.  After they ordered, their waiter came back to their table to let them know that their whiny kids would be ordering something else besides french fries and empanadas.  Sort of a metaphor for me and Scottsdale as a whole, glad to be back in Cali.
Second time was awful service. Not courteous, not helpful. The food was rushed out and we were not offered  a second drink -- come on, I'm  paying!! Won't go back anytime soon.
Great experience.  Lots of onstreet parking available and great location.  I went here with my fiancee and we shared the tableside Guacamole and the Pork Shoulder Tacos.  I would find it hard to not get the same thing - they were both absolutely delicious!  Portions were large but not obesity sized.  For dessert we had the Expresso Churros, which were awesome as well.  We wouldn't have gotten it normally because we were so full, but they gave it to us for free since we were celebrating a special occasion.  I thought the service was a little slow to get to us (about 6-7 minutes) initially, but once he did, the service was excellent.  That was the only blemish.  If I could give 4.5 starts, I would.  We will definitely be back next time we are in Phoenix.
The food and service were great. However, the music mix actually ruined the dining experience. Seriously. Change the music.
High quality good.  Very flavorful. Lights were very dim so bring a flashlight to see your menu and food.
Outstanding food and drinks.
Amazing guacamole - get it with ghost pepper. Pork belly app - ask for it with tortillas for mini tacos. Drink tequila from the calacas bottle. She's worth it.
Organic Margaritas?  That means I drink all I want and I'm being healthy.  I have had mahi mahi tacos all across this land and they have hit it out of the park.  The steak tacos came in a close second.  All in all this is the real deal, I'm still thinking about those drinks and that meal.  The foodie knows.
Good Mexican food but if your Mexican u can easily make it at home for half the price. I ordered a plate of chilaquiles was $12 Homemade guacamole n chip was good but small portion. Customer service n employee are Great !!  Good authentic flavors and salsas
While the food was excellent, the service was poor.  It took an hour for the waiter to take our order.  Chips and salsa were gratis.  When a delicious corn side dish was placed on the table, we assumed it was also free. We were not asked if we would like the corn.  It was placed there and we were charged for it.   A dessert was also brought out without them asking us.  We were also charged for that dessert.  That is just not the right to do that.
My wife and I decided to hit this place for dinner on our last night staying in AZ after an amazing 2 week vacation.  Its menu and good reviews drew us in immediately.  Old Town Scottsdale is also such a great fun place, we just had to go back to have our last hurrah there.  After not being able to make a reservation as it was completely booked, we were pleasantly surprised when the hostess found us a table for two just as walk ins.  We ordered a couple of beers and decided to get the two appetizers that grabbed us the most.  The Duck Carnita Empanada and the Pazole.  When my wife got the empanada, she immediately realized there  was no way she could eat that then an entree after it.  It was a very large portion and rich/heavy.  I didn't mind that so we switched and she took the pazole.  After a few spoonfuls she told me it was very salty.  I was surprised because we are salt fiends and never complain about saltiness.  I took a few spoons and yes, it was extremely salty.  Inedible salty.  If you have ever had Kalua pork at a luau, you would know that it is very salty, but in a pleasant way.  This was way more salty than that.  We told the server and he immediately said they would take it off the bill.  Considering the reputation, I would have thought they would offer a free drink or desert, but that is ok.  Anyway, my empanada was good, just very filling, and unfortunately I ordered the Duck Confit for dinner, so double rich duck dishes.  My wife got the snapper which  was extremely good and made up for the salty pazole.  I was relieved.  I thought maybe we hit a place that was all hype, but no, this place is legit and very good. They just probably had one of those moments where someone in the kitchen didn't taste before sending out the dish.  I will never hold that against a restaurant the first time.  We were too full for desert, so that was it.  The place was super busy, hip, and dimly lit, which we like.  Service was very good.  Dammit though, I was really looking forward to my 2nd ever bowl of Pazole.  My first was while visiting AZ last year and I had been craving it since.  We will be going back to The Mission as it has a very interesting menu that deserves investigating further.  Plus it's a fun place, albeit pricey.
Fantastic day! My suggestion; Go in on a Sunday, around 4pm. The bar was pretty packed at this time of day, but the restaurant was empty.   Sit down in the restaurant area.  It is fun to watch the restaurant transition from a whimsical  Sunday Fun-day type atmosphere to an exotic and demure nightlife Restaurant.  Around 5pm, they begin to dim all of those gorgeous chandy's and close the thick shutters. Around 5:30pm, they start lighting and dispersing LOTS of little tiny votive candles to all the tables and wall mounted candelabras.   The restaurant is starting to fill little by little and the noise level goes from quiet to loud and bustling. The day shift is transitioning to night shift and the waiters are polishing their tables and preparing for a packed house. ( The restaurant is completely booked for dinner reservations ) The menu at this time of day is very simple as they are preparing for dinner.  But the simplicity of this menu makes it easy to order light hearted items.  The filet skewers and shrimp skewers are delicious.  Order the table side guacamole!! It is fantastic !  The bread pudding was delicious, but priced $2 cheaper on the menu than we were charged on our bill.  We were also charged for a chicken skewer $12, that we did not order.  We had to bring this to our waitress's attention after we received the bill. Good thing I doubled checked the bill as my husband didn't even look at it and just plopped his credit card down.  When I mentioned the discrepancy of pricing to the waitress. She took off the chicken skewer, but not the $2 additional charge for the bread pudding. We didn't push it, because who wants to be a bitch over $2, but just check your bill before you pay.  Overall, I loved they whole experience and I can't wait to go back!!!   Oh! I posted a picture of the bread pudding and the picture looks disgusting. Tried to delete the picture and I don't know how.  The bread pudding is delicious, even though the picture I took looks like bile topped with ice cream and bed bugs.
We went back for some more of the table side guacamole and had some the spicy chicken tacos - they were so good!  Then we went back again the next day and had the same thing...soooooo good.  The service redeemed itself, so I upped the review to 5 stars.  We will be eating their multiple times whenever we are back in Phoenix.
Steak tacos LEGIT! Guac is amazing. Pumpkin brea pudding for dessert is  MUST!
The ambiance is nice, the food is decent, portions are small.  I think the prices are a little on the high end for what you get.  I took a couple of girlfriends there who were in from out of town and they thought is was an okay place....so it deserves an ok review rating.
Not what I expected. Especially after all the hype. I ate nothing that I could not have prepared at home for a fraction of the price. Dark, noisy: noise due to music too loud & people talking louder to be heard. Quite the din, because it is a small space.   Needed my phone flashlight to see the menu. Too dark is not for me. This does nothing for the ambience and gives me a feeling that there is something to hide. Perhaps $12 guacamole. That's one expensive avocado!   I only ordered a salad and the "tacos". Mahi mahi that was mehi meh. The only peeps at my table who ordered entrees, were my two brothers. Meat eaters. They said their chorizo whateveritwas was good. Nothing on the plate as a side. I guess I just don't get it. Rent must be really high, and of course it is a "cool" location. So now I've tried it, but it was completely unmemorable.   If you like to sit in the dark, eat expensive and just "ok" food because you're a Scottsdale hipster, then this is the place for you. I was just pleased to have exited the loud "tomb" when all was said & done. It's just no big deal.
The Mission has been a place that I have always wanted to go to. It's in the area of town that I'm always in.   I had tried twice to make reservations and I couldn't get a spot. It made me want to go even more. Finally I was able to get in and have dinner.  When we walked in the place was beautiful. Dim lighting a buzz of lively chatter and happy people. We were promptly shown to our seats. It was as we had imagined. When we sat down we waited for about 5 mins until our waitress came to take our drink order. We put our drink orders and appetizer orders in. We got the Duck Confite  and Faus Gras Empanadas. It was so good. Oh man it was delicious. After about 15 mins I started to worry about why our waitress had not come to take our order. I had finished my drink and didn't get a water refill. By this time I was frustrated. It was until 38 mins later did our waitress come back to take our order. I was livid but she came with a bit of an attitude. I had noticed it in the beginning and now it was apparent that she was acting as if she didn't want to be there and we were an inconvenience. It started to get warm, very warm. She came back and asked us if we needed anything else and before we could answer she walked off. The drink I had ordered was good but the Margarita we had ordered wasn't the one we ordered and when we politely asked her to get the right drink we ordered she rudely replied "I don't understand, that's what you ordered, *rolled her eyes* well what else would you like?"  We replied with "um well I'll just have a classic margarita, no salt on the rim" and she replied with "are you sure?" Which then I answered "oh we are sure sweetheart, we would rather not wait 39 mins to receive our drinks" the food was good but small small Portions. The margarita we received had a salt rim and was not worth the $13 charged. We were also charged the drink we asked to not be charged for bc we didn't order it.   When we told her that our drink had that charge she replied with "well I guess I can go take that off" she replied with a "nevermind" we paid and left.   I was extremely disappointed and upset and didn't enjoy my time at all. It was a terrible experience and I do not want to return. The Mission is great looking but staff needed more training. Maybejust her. I was sad.
I was very pleasantly surprised by this restaurant. They had limited seating the night we arrived, but the manager went out of his way to get us a seat. His customer service is unparalleled and he truly made us feel welcome in this restaurant. Not only that, but he had the food to back it all up. The portions were just the right side and I left satisfied and full. I would definitely go back again, add it was an overall wonderful experience.
Excellent quality but perhaps a bit pricey and the portions are  tiny. Nice setting though and service was outstanding. Would definitely go back just for the tableside guacamole.
The mission was amazing. The atmosphere was wonderful and romantic. The food was just as wonderful. The table side guac was delightful and their filet was a great cut and was cooked perfectly. I would recommend this to anyone.
No matter the dining experience you want to have, you'll find it one of the spaces this old mission offers.  From the front patio, to the inside space and the back patio, each one offers a unique experience.  Being on the back patio reminds of my years living in Mexico City with the high walls, the very same marble surrounding the fountain, right down to the shade structure.  It feels like at any moment they could move the tables and start dancing. The food is ridiculous and the staff knows too much about all of it ;-) I could sit on that back patio and relax (read, drink) for days.  You forget you're in Scottsdale.
Great Place! The Mission was recommended to us by a local shopkeeper and so happy we decided to go try it. First off the decor and atmosphere is great (Love the Himalayan Salt block wall) This place is upscale Mexican and a little pricier than your normal Mexican fare but absolutely worth it. The chips they bring to the table are fresh, warm, light and crispy and the Salsa is wonderful has a little kick to it but full of flavor. I wish they sold this bottled up to go. We also got table side guacamole which may be one of the best guacamole's I've ever had. Everything our table ordered was delicious, the pork shoulder and skirt steak tacos both wonderfully seasoned, succulent and tender. The papas y chorizo is wonderful and we also got a huge bowl of the mission fries which are a must try!
Had dinner at The Mission a few nights ago and it did not disappoint. The guacamole was amazing! Seriously maybe the best we've ever had. We were dining with our five-year-old and the waiter was so accommodating in terms of adjusting the spiciness. The pork tacos were great, the Mexican grilled corn was delicious, and the margaritas were perfect. We'll be back!
The food was good but I will never eat there again! I called a week in advance for a reservation at 8:15 on a Friday night. There was a specific table that I wanted and told them that it was for a special occasion. They assured me that I would have that table. They called the day before to confirm my reservation. I was reassured that my reservation was for the table that I requested. I received another call from them the day of. The hostess said that they had another party coming in for that table at 9:45 and that I could show up a little early if I wanted to ensure that our meal would not be rushed. I told her we would show up at 8. We got there at 7:55 and were shown to our table, however it was not the table I had requested. Instead it was a tiny table cramped in between two other table with no room to move. I went back to speak to the hostess and told her that it was not the table we requested. She looked in the system and said that she must have missed the note and asked very rudely, "Well what would you like me to do, ask the people sitting there to move?" As bad as I wanted to say yes, I wasn't going to be that guy. I understand restaurants get busy, but I would not have chosen to dine here that evening had I not been assured that we would be seated at the table I requested. We even adjusted our plans to show up early to ensure we would not be rushed. Unfortunately, no matter how good the food was, I will only remember how they screwed up my reservation and acted as if I was an inconvenience.   That being said, the table side guacamole is very good! The pork shoulder tacos were good, (the pineapple habanero glaze is excellent) but certainly not worth the $32. The Jodori chicken was okay, but nothing great. I would have certainly gone back to try other items on the menu but their lack of attention to detail completely spoiled the experience. I will not be retuning.
After finding this place on yelp, I had to try it.    Place was busy so I was seated at the bar.  Cassie the bartender was very good at describing the menu and explaining the chef's creations.  It's always awesome to eat at places where the staff knows the chef's inspirations and goals.  She was also very friendly and her recommendations were top notch.  Started off with chips, salsa and table side guacamole.  Everything was especially the guacamole.  It was fresh and very flavor full.  For dinner I had the fillet with candied bacon.  It was cooked perfect and it was very flavorful.  Having tried steaks at many nice steakhouses this place does it well.  I would highly recommend this place if you're in Scottsdale.
Love this place mainly for the ambience. The food is great too but really like its style. I've been here twice and we ordered the guacamole prepared table side both times.
Whenever we have guests visit us, we always take them here.  I love their food, I love their atmosphere and they have such a great wine list.  Honestly, I loved everything that they have. We always get their Guac, their pork shoulder is always fantastic and I love churros.  I think this restaurant is a great way to introduce people to Mexican/Hispanic food that has been elevated to the next level.  Make reservations though, because otherwise you could be chilling at the bar for quite a while.  Though with their Briar Rose and wine list, it wouldn't be such a bad punishment.
Not what I expected at all.  I would have never choose this restaurant by the look, but glad I went to meet friends.  Amazing food, great drinks, and the most helpful/knowledgable wait staff I've ever had.  Little pricey but I definitely recommend.
Unbelievable flavors! The combinations in the dishes were perfect. Believe the hype about the street corn. We had it off the cob and it was creamy, with just the right amount of cheese and spice to enhance the corn without hiding it's flavor.  I'd go again tomorrow !
This is the real deal - the straight up tastiest tacos in the valley. We went on a business lunch (5 of us) and ordered some of everything. My favorite were the pork - the right combo of crunch, sweet, tender meat, spice - amazing. I brought a couple of extras back to the office and gave to a few employees - one said it was the best thing he had ever tasted in his life (not the best TACO he had ever tasted, the best ANYTHING he had ever tasted) and it is hard to argue. Quaint patio and table side made guac as well - are you kidding me?? Go eat there.
The decor was impressive, simple outside with a very elegant interior.   The staff was friendly, but not efficient at all.  The table side guacamole was delicious but a little too thick and in a small weird boll that made eating it very difficult.  We had tacos as a starter instead of salad, chicken and Mahi Mahi,  different and very good. Except they don't allow mixing the kinds so you have to have three of each, which gets old after two, if that were your entree.  We had the salmon plate and chicken plate as our entree, both very good, beautiful presentation,  but extremely small portions and a little under seasoned.  We didn't have a desert as they didn't seem very interesting.  Over all, nice but not worth the price.
During a work outing after a hard week, we stopped by to grab dinner on the boss and boy would I have payed double whatever the bill was!  Everything was awesome!! The server seemed quiet but it was a larger group so the need to stop by was frequent and I think she didn't want to keep interrupting which I find to be a great quality.  Nothing worse than a server popping in Avery 5 minutes asking if everyone is ok.... Except a server that never pops in I suppose lol.  But she was great.  The food was awesome. The place wasn't too loud and someone else paid for the meal!  Can't go wrong with any of that!!
This is one of those restaurants where you are paying more for the nice ambiance and a lot for decent tasting food that you can obviously get somewhere else for a lot less.  But hey, it's nice to go out to fancy shmancy places sometimes...  We were seated right away since we had reservations.  The mission was packed on a Saturday night, ambiance is dark and I guess you could say sexy (as I heard the table next to us saying).  Our waitress was attentive and made recommendations as we requested.    Guacamole- this is made fresh and right next to your table.  I thought this was good and full of flavor, different than other guacs I'm used to bc this one had a bunch of stuff mixed into it.  My hubby though thought this was ok since he prefers simple guac of just the avocado, cilantro, lime and onions.  So just depends on your preference.  Almejas al vapor- some sort of clam and shrimp stew.  We ordered this bc it was recommended.  I love salty food and this was waaaay too salty, not even good salty.  Our waitress was nice about it and took it back, later she said the chef agreed it was too salty and apologized.  What was even classy of them is they took it off our tab and gave us a free dessert.  I don't remember the name of the dessert but it was yummy, the best thing we ate here besides the corn.  Grilled street corn- ok I don't know why we ordered this when you can get this for a buck at a swapmeet.  But it was deelish, nice and buttery.  Grilled chicken tacos- we were warned these were tiny and yup they're tiny, smaller than street tacos!   We wanted to order the short rib entree but they were sold out that night :-(    So overall, this place isn't horrible.  Maybe we ordered the wrong dishes but we just weren't impressed and prob wouldn't go back if we were in town again.
Great food, great service, and worth every dollar.  Came here at the end of our multi-state, multi-canyon tour and had to find a restaurant that was open late since we'd be arriving at Phoenix late.  The Mission was a great find.  The food was bursting with flavors and Jemar, our server, was friendly and knowledgeable.  Would definitely come here again the next time we come in town.  The only reason I took off one star was because it's a bit noisy for us.
Second time here last Sunday, and pretty sure I got a mild intestinal bug (as did my husband). Ugh. The Sunday brunch pig out is the likely culprit.
I've sat inside and on each of the patios (front and rear). The rear patio is equipped with a mega fan; keeps the area super cool for a romantic evening! The inside of the restaurant is dimly lit...good for date night. The service, as with the food, has always been amazing. This last visit, I ordered the spinach salad and the scallops (phenomenal!). The waitress was very attentive and knowledable of the entrees. Great place to go before or after the theatre or for brunch after the Saturday morning market!
Food and wine abound here. The outside is charming an looks like an old Spanish mission so the name is appropriate. There is a parking lot directly across the street if you can't find parking in front. The bar is very nice and the bartenders very attentive. I'm a red wine lover and the selection is decent. The place is candle lit and very romantic if you're in need of a date destination. It's nice to have a drink at the bar while munching in some table side guacamole (highly recommended). The patio is a different feel and is awesome if the weather is nice. I ordered the pork shoulder and green pozole. They also have an amazing kale salad (I'm a sucker for kale). Definitely go when you have time and not in a rush. If it's not too packed the bar is a gem.
Having only sampled  the appetizers / small plates can't comment on the signature dishes but the services is great, bar are is comfy if not at times crowded and the patio is great, the few items I've tried were very good.
Wonderful service, atmosphere, and menu. The "missionary" is half margarita/red sangria- unique and very good. I have had a great experience every time I've gone.
Quite possibly the best drinks I've ever had.  As a Seattle guy, I miss it already.  Great service and beautiful decor inside and out.  Can't remember the names of our servers, but I wish I could give you huge kudos.  Next time, we shall.
Pinatas is one of the few mexican restaurants with a 'modern' design. It's very refreshing to have zero = pinatas, blankets or sombreros on display.  Pinatas has more of a clean, minimal, slightly industrial look. Pinatas menu offers slightly 'fancy mexican' entrees. Better quality items with alot less grease. My favorite dish is the spinach enchiladas! There are some awesome Happy hour specials, BUT, at the bar and on the patio beware of the blaring sun. Pinatas bar faces West. (Sunglasses Needed after 3pm). FYI- possible melting and blindness may occur while chugging yummy margaritas.   Fry's Shopping Center at  Hayden/ Thompson Peak -just north of 101
The owners of Pinatas tried too hard to fit in their surroundings in trendy Grayhawk and focused too much on the décor. Maybe they should have tried the food first. This is bland, greasy Mexican fare that has nothing to offer as far as originality. The chips left a greasy muck on my fingers and I'm pretty sure the salsa was Pace Picante. The waiters and bartenders were so busy mingling with the beautiful people that they didn't notice how terrible the service was. And did I mention this spot is overpriced? I'll go to Taco Bell next time I want a Gordita. Skip this one -- Xtapa Joe's and Jalepeño Inferno further north are much more reliable.
I've really TRIED to like this place..simply for how cool it can be oh and that it's kid friendly and close to home if you've had a margarita!  For whatever reason I've tried the same menu item 2x now and just did not enjoy it at all.  Margaritas are good though!  Nice bar and patio area...I guess if you're just looking to have a drink...good little spot.  The END!
It's Taco Bell.... I swear it must be fucking Taco Bell.  They have the same purple hours signs with white font, and their chicken burrito looks identical to Taco Bell's Grilled Stuft Burrito.   I wonder if their fried chicken is a knock off of KFC as well?
Pollo Campero was my favorite non-Chinese lunch spot in Shanghai----so imagine my surprise to find a location in a quirky mall in Phoenix. I ordered a chicken sandwich with fries, next time I'll go for something a little more out there. It was quite tasty...this place is definitely worth a repeat.
Having grown up in Guatemala, Pollo Campero is one of those places that stays close to your heart. I went to Guatemala this last April and my first stop that day was for some fried chicken and i had it a few times thourghout my two week stay. Last week on my way out to Vegas i stopped for some good 'ol fried chicken and the quality and flavor of the chicken compared to the same chicken back in Guatemala was 10x better.  I love this place and will never stop coming here for the most flavorful and crispy and juicy chicken!
All about their fried chicken! Went here last Sun on the way back from hiking at Sedona. Hubby ordered the 2 piece fried with Yucca fries & I ordered the 2 piece Grilled Chicken with rice & Plantains. The star was the fried Chicken, but the Yucca fries came close second. The Grilled Chicken was kind of bland in my opinion. Overall their Fried Chicken is worth 5 stars & worth another visit while in town
Let me start off by saying, THIS WAS THE BEST FAST FOOD EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE. I am appalled (In a good way).   So my mother is always going on and on about "Pollo Campero" and makes it her mission to take me to lunch there today. I've seen this establishment a few times while driving on Thomas Rd but never put much thought into having a meal there.  We arrive at "Pollo Campero" and right away the smell makes me savagley hungry. Their menu included many sides from ceaser salads to white rice mixed with black beans. While seeming like a very much Mexican themed restaurant, i was surprised they served "yucca frita" and "platanos fritos" (fried plantanes), which are traditionally found in Central and South American dishes as well as Carribean dishes. Every side dish was nothing like a fast food restaurant, the rice and vegtables tasted just like it was home made (amazing). I must emphasize this again, THE SIDE DISHES ARE RESTAURANT QUALITY.   I ordered the "5 Dollar Meal" which includes two pieces of chicken (grilled or fried) and two sides,  and a dinner roll or tortillas. I felt bad about paying so little for such a large and freshly prepared meal. The ceaser salad was half of the plate and so crisp and fresh :)  Another thing, I have never been treated so well at a fast food restaurant in my life! Again, I cannot emphasize this enough! The owner even came out and gave us coupons for our next visit after asking us if there was anything they can do for us. The cashier lady walked over to our table to give us crayons and a coloring book for my little nephew. When we left, the entire staff waved goodbye. Now tell me that doesn't sound like a cheesey Pleasantville skit, only it's true!  The restaurant was decorated great, with different pictures of landscapes on the wall. The music was of excellent taste as well, mixing different latin music from different regions of Latin American. The restaurant was very clean and organized. I give this restaurant a full 5 stars and recommend everyone to try it out sometime, you will be amazed as well :)   I guess this made me officially a "regular".  (Quick recommendation: Opt for the grilled chicken, you will never taste chicken the same ever again.. goodness! :) )
Mmm this place is good they have the best fried chicken.I had mine with beans,tortillas and Cole slaw.I'd choose pollo campero over any other fast food chicken place. You can tell they don't pump their chicken up with additives and broth n whatever else kfc n those other places do.Its the best,they have lots to choose from....even grilled chicken.if you go you'll like it,simple as that.
Greasy , Wet , soagy . They were out of chicken, so i got a mixed of what ever they had left.
I'm a sucker for ooey gooey cheesy and meaty.  Go Las Pupusas.  Woot!  Here's what went down in the tummy: 1.  Empanadas - kinda sweet... maybe had to be in the mood for it, but for a hot summer day in vegas... that's no go 2.  Enchiladas con pollo - swish! 3.  Las Cumientes - fried platanos, frijoles, scrambled eggs and massive spoonful of sourcream!   4.  Dos Pupusas Revueltos (mixed) - frijoles, chicharone, and queso mix.  picture a quesadilla but all the edges are sealed and it's like a pocket of ooey gooey, cheesy goodness.  cut into it and the mixture oozed out.  chew it with the fresh corn/flour outer layer.  *eyes rolllingggg.  Do try with the salad mixture and sauce provided.
I just found a new favorite place to eat. It has been years since I had Pupusas so when I passed by this restaurant I had to stop in and give it a try. I ordered way too much unknowingly, but I'll happily eat the leftovers tomorrow. I had the girls with me and we ordered 3 revueltos Pupusas and 3 queso Pupusas and a cheese quesadilla. The Pupusas were like ooey gooey heaven!!! I liked the mildness of the queso pupusas, you could really taste the corn tortilla dough. The revueltos pupusas had a wonderful flavorful saltiness to it that was offset by the mild frijoles.  I tried a bit of the quesadilla and it was delicious too, the cheese was so creamy and milky like it melted in my mouth. To top this all off, the girls got to watch the cook make the Pupusas and cook them on the grill. I will definitely return here!!!
I had my first pupusas here that  I've ever had after reading numerous great things from fellow yelpers.  Wow, it's a bit different, and very good.  It's served with a side of their seasoned homemade shredded cabbage salad. I am going to go back again and try more things from their menu.   On top of it all you can watch the cook make the pupusas by hand and grill it, cool thing for first timers!  We had 4 pupusas 2 drinks for only 10 bucks and change. My revueltos pupusas was only $1.75 each, two of them and you'll be full.  They also ahave a mexican menu there if you don't feel like Salvadoran food.  The place gets fairly crowded during lunch and they haven't really been at this location very long. I'm thankful a Salvadoran place exists in N. LV. and you should be too!  Good for them, good for us.... give this place a whirl.
Food was really good.  Prices were a little high.  I did not like that they charged an additional .99 to process Credit Card transactions.
The popusas are good but the service is horrible.
I wanted something different for lunch, and as I searched, I found Las Pupusas behind Ruby Tuesday's.  The restaurant sign indicated that they served Salvadoran and Mexican dishes.    My wife and I seated ourselves.  Within a minute, the waitress arrive with menus and asked what we wanted to drink.  We both had brewed coffee at $1.50 each, with lots of refills, and lots of creamers.  The menu is interesting, with photo's of the various plates taking up 75% of the menu, and toward the back the menu with prices.  There is a window to the kitchen, and you can see the food prepared fresh.  We sat right there.    I'm a little disappointed in myself, I could have tried a Salvadoran dish, but I played it safe, and ordered Juevos Rancheros for $5.00.  The Juevos Rancheros had two eggs, over medium/hard, with fresh onions, bell pepper, and tomatos.  The plate also had refried beans (south of the border variety, no cheese on top), and sour cream.  Sour cream?  I'm used to getting corn tortilla under the eggs and ingredients, but that didn't happen here.  The food was good, and fair for what was paid.  The wife ordered Carne Asada. The dish came with a huge serving of rice, beans, and a small Mexican style salad (lettuce, radish, tomato slice).  I tasted the Carne Asada, and to be fair, I'm never a fan of meat that is cooked brown all the way through.  The wife liked it.  I thought it tasted okay.  Her rice was so very delicious.  The meal cost $8.00, and it appeared to be a bountiful portion.  Confession time. I didn't know wat a Pupusa was, but from my window view of the kitchen, they looked like they were deliciously prepared.  Next time, I'd try that.  The other customers loaded up on it.  It's probably the signature dish.  One note:  the restaurant charges $.99 to use a credit card or debit card.  It's a mild annoyance, I'll come with cash next time.
I'd never had a puspusa. I heard meat, and cheese inside a corn dough and I was sold. We almost got the food to-go but when the husband spotted the grill with a window where you can watch them cook, we ate in the very front. We ordered 2 puspusas, a Carne Asada quesadilla to share and Nachos to share (yes, we were starving!) The puspusas weren't my husbands idea and he didn't want to try but after some nudging he gave in. And polished that thing off in seconds. It was pretty good. Plain, but after some dosing of hot sauce it was good. For a $1.75 what do you want?! The quesadilla was HUGE and the meat was great, however after a few bites, the puddle of grease under the 'dilla was a turn-off. it dipped like a faucet and WAY more than it should have. We stopped after a few bites because of the grease. The nachos were really good, but be prepared they are not "mexican" nachos. NO CHEESE. It really threw me off. They look really plain when they come, the chips were great but on them was only a meat.....not sure what exactly, some brown sauce (watery beans?) and sour cream. They were good....just DIFFERENT. It was filling, we left the whole grease-sadilla on the table. $14 for all the food which wasn't bad.
After seeing the reviews on yelp I thought I would try this place on a night when my wife was away since she is funny about new places.  I ordered 2 mixed pupusas and they were good.  I would probably come back again.
Their Pupusas Revueltas rock, especially when you got extra burnt cheesey bits from the flat top.  I also love their version of Horchata which is made with toasted/burnt rice powder...The masa in their tamales are much softer than Mexican tamales and their Casamiento is also very good but does not come with chorizo like Rincon Catratcho does.  good food overall, and no, you won't hear microwaves, the food is done right before your eyes, they have a see through glass at this location...ALOHA!!!  YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(36/365) "Pass The Pupusas, Please!"
Just walk in and sit down in front of the kitchen window, the waitress will be with you shortly............ I ordered the fried plantains, crema, and refried bean plate with two pupusas.  Too much food for one person, the plantain plate is best shared with at least another person,  I ate pupusas dipped in the crema/bean sauce and ended up taking half of it home for later.  Great place, will come back soon
Las Pupusas is pretty good stuff!  I don't eat a lot of Latin food because it tends to be heavy for me, but this place is little bit lighter than your average Tex Mex restaurant.  I had a bite of three different types of Pupusas, and at a $1.75 these are a must.  They were all good, but I particularly liked the cheese one with a little bit of hot sauce on it.  I ordered the fish fillet from the menu.  It was around $8.95 or so.  The fish was good quality and tasty.  It had a light breading on it that wasn't too heavy or greasy, and had just the right amount of flavor without being too salty.  The beans were good, but I was really into the rice.  The rice was just a plain white rice instead of the yellow tomato rice that you normally get at a Tex Mex place.  Again, much lighter and less salty.    The food is just a step up in healthiness and quality in my book.  The service was top notch.  The waitress constantly refilled our drinks, and made sure everything tasted good.  Although I am still not a huge Latin food lover, I have to give this spot a 4 star review!  I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, but I can see this being a usual for work lunch.
The nachos are incredibly delicious!!! The chips were made fresh so it was really crispy.   I also got the carne asada tacos which were also delicious. As for the pupusas I got the chicken n cheese pupusas and my sister got the pork n cheese pupusa. Both were really good but If I had to choose between the two, It would be the Pork and cheese!
I wondered how they get the meat inside the Pupusa... until I went to this place.  They have a window to look inside the kitchen and watch the lady make the pupusas.  I was staring in amazement as she made those little pockets of tortilla goodness.  There were a few moments where I gazed into her eyes and expressed my fondness of how she so lovingly hand crafted the pupusas.  That day I fell in love with the pupusa maker...  but I digress...  This place looks like a fast food place inside - not too much atmosphere.  Good service except for the fact that I do not speak spanish, but I do pretty good with pointing at the pictures on the menu and smiling.   The food... The pupusas are where it's at.  The rest of the food was just average Mexican food.  I have had pupusas at other places, but these were better.  They seemed to be bigger and had more filling.    I saw a guy eating what looked like chicharones... I am looking for those on the menu next time - they looked so good.  This place is way cheap too.  You can get a lot of food here for your money!
I had no idea what a Pupusa was.  Boy am I glad I found out.  These not so little masa pockets of deliciousness are to die for.  Oh... and soooooooooo inexpensive.  My favorite is stuffed with pork and beans.  Now please keep in mind I am not talking about Oscar Meyer and Baked Beans.  Think Spanish/South American spiced pulled pork with those delicious re-fried beans.  NOW you have the idea.  I can almost eat two of these treats, but I ordered three because I thought anything that cheap couldn't be big.  Learn from me!!!!  :)  Also, much to my delight, they have Jarrito's soda pop.  A favorite Mexican treat for me.  I recommend the Mandarin.  So why only 3 stars?  Well the "service" is friendly but far from "attentive"  Also, if you do not speak any Spanish you WILL struggle in placing your order.  I recommend using your finger and the menu if you get stuck.  Getting your food takes some time so dont be in a rush.  I would easily expect to wait 30 minutes between ordering and eating.    The experience is very inexpensive.  One Pupusa, one Jarrito's and tip will get you full and out the door for 5 bucks.  The grill is visible to the dining room so if you are curious, like me, you can watch these delightful treats being made.  Overall, i recommend giving them a try.  It's a nice change and a fun experience.
Las Pupusas has multiple locations around the valley but this one is my favorite. Besides a few dishes here and there, I haven't explored much of the Salvadorian cuisine. Pupusas, although, I have quite the taste knowledge in. Similar to Mexican gorditas, pupusas are thick tortilla corn pockets filled with different combinations of cheese, meat (pressed pork rinds), loroco (an edible flower, tastes like asparagus), zucchini, and beans. Rebueltas are the most popular (meat, cheese, and beans), my favorite are zucchini and cheese.   This specific location is really nice because it's newer and very clean. They future a large glass display window there you can watch where the pupusas are being freshly made. They are served with curtido (pickled cabbage with oregano and other spices) which is delicious. What I really like about this location is that they cut the curtido in very fine Julianne, unlike other places that serve it super chunky.   I've had their tamales, wrapped in banana leafs, but they lacked some serious salt. Don't be fooled, the horchata is very different from the Mexican one. To me it tasted like burned rice but they have many other drinks to pick from. Some of my favorites are Ensalada (fresh fruit water, tastes like pineapple and it has tiny bits of apple) or the famous Salvadorian soda Cola Champagne.   Did I mention pupusas are very filling, delicious melted goodness and they are CHEAP?!?!
I have given Las Pupusas four stars almost completely based upon how amazing their pupusas are. I buy at least ten at a time to last me maybe a week. :P  I have had less than stellar service at several of their locations but this one wasn't very bad. I would definitely reccommend the chicken, cheese, and bean pupusas, they come with this baggie full of red salsa that is perfectly complimentary and never overpowering. It also comes with a tangy slaw that I could eat by the fistful! Did I mention they are less than two dollars each and the size of my face?!  Go!
love this place! my mother in law is from san salvador so i have really developed a taste for yummy pupusas! my hubby and i love coming here. they are friendly and the food is good. every time we come, it is just.....delicious!
Las Pupusas offers one of the best values in food: $1.75 per pupusa, with filling options that include chicken, cheese & herb, bean and cheese, and mixed.  Order two of these, which get served with a shredded lettuce salad and red sauce, and you have a really, really good meal for less than $5!    I haven't tried anything else on the menu (the pupusas are such a good deal it's hard to pass them up!), but I'm sure they will be just as delicious.  The kitchen has a big window that allows you to see all the prep and cooking taking place.  Food is made to order, so be patient as it's worth the wait.  For value and quality, I can't recommend this place enough if you're in North Las Vegas.
The name of the restaurant says it all. Their signature item (pupusa) is the best this place has to offer. Their standard pupusa comes with your choice of meat, beans, cheese, and herbs. However, you can also custom fill your pupusa and change it up a bit. For example, my wife orders hers with no beans. If you don't try their pupusas, you will be thoroughly disappointed because the rest of the food here is not good.  For our late breakfast, I had the chorizo and eggs. The portion size was small, and the amount of chorizo in this dish was almost non-existent. Therefore, it was like eating scrambled eggs with chorizo flavored grease.  The dish also came with a side of beans which were runny- but tasted OK.  I used the plain pupusa as a chip and dipped them into my beans. My wife ordered the carne asada taco and was disappointed. The meat tasted funny, and the taco itself was not garnished with onions/cilantro, or salsa.  My three year old son had their plain cheese quesadilla and seemed to really like it.   I don't think my wife and I will come back here anytime soon. As we were waiting for our food, we noticed the cooks in the back using their bare hands to touch all the food, dirty containers, and uncooked dough. Never once did we notice them wash their hands in the process. If you are going to have an open kitchen for everyone to see, you better run a clean operation.   My wife is convinced the health department will shut this place down sooner or later. But in the meantime, give me two of them pupusas to go!
Food is made as you order it so its nice and fresh, BUT, be prepared to wait a bit longer than your order at Del Taco (but man is it worth it...)  They obviously serve a mean pupusa if you didn't notice the name of the joint, and man are they amazing (and extremely well priced).
Good food. Never had a pupupas before, but would get it again. Service could be a bit better though.
Where do I friggin begin?   Well, I was on the north side of town with my hubby and family getting haircuts at our fave barber. I go next door for a pedi/brow wax and all is good. We stopped for lunch last weekend and decided to try this place since we liked the Henderson location last time. First impression....COLD. Literally and figuratively, that is. We looked on the wall at the thermostat and it was 61 degrees in the joint. WTF? It was 38 degrees outside! C'mon. Put out the money to keep your patrons happy and get some heat up in the hizzy.   Next, we ordered a quesadilla plain, 2 pupusas, and some chorizo and eggs. No big deal right? Wrong. We had to send back the quesadilla, and they gave us one too many pupusas on the plate. When we mentioned this after her already having left the table, she took the plate back and re-plated with the correct amount of pupusas. Why did they take the extra one? Shouldn't that be the "oh sorry, have one on the house for the mix-up" type of offering? I mean, you would think they just threw it away back there, right?  Maybe, maybe not. Now I will tell you about the cleanliness of the place. They need to be visited by the health district and take some classes on how to properly handle and store food. The masa they use for the pupusas is prepared by bare hands. I know this because I watched everything go down through their open glass wall looking directly into their kitchen. I saw the lady touch the handle of her spatula with her masa-soaked hands leaving it sticky. I then watched as the front register lady (who touches the money) used the spatula to flip a pupusa. Then the masa lady touched the spatula again and again. This is only one offense I will mention.   I would have been more forgiving if I saw even one person, in the hour that I was there, wash their hands. The sink remained unused the whole time. No wonder my husband and I felt the afterburn an hour after leaving. You know what I'm talking about. Shame on you Las Pupusas.  Avoid this place like Richard Gere avoids gerbils.
Walked in did not know if I had to order at counter or sit down, cashier did not fully understand, thought I wanted take out. The room temp was 92 degrees according to the temp on the wall, so it was a bit uncomfortable. The openness of the kitchen was nice if your sitting in front of it, the menu was confusing most of the items are  in pictures & no prices until you turn to the back, trying to match up prices with picture was difficult. I ordered a el pastor burrito & diet coke. Food was served on a ungarnished plate with cup of sauce, The burrito was only meat witch tasted good and white rice no beans no cilantro, no tomato or onions, I  had to ask again for my drink I did not get, it came in a 12oz can I also had to ask for my check when I was finished servers need to be more attentive. Is probable I will not return!
The food here is delicious, everything is made fresh so the wait is long. Their only true downfall is their customer service, I hate dealing with them so I only carry out.
Its Salvadorian food NOT MEXICAN FOOD! Amazing Pupusas, very authentic. Friendly staff. Great value. Would highly recommend this place for some real Pupusas. They have a dine in area and a take out. Everything is made to order so it takes about 30mins for your order. Salvadorian Horchata is not the same taste as Mexican horchate, its much heavier and has a caramel flavor.
I come from eating the real thing in El Salvador, and their pupusas are pretty good.  The revuelta pupusas were better than the quezos, though the curtido (pickled cabbage) needs a little work.  I would go again to get my dose of El Salvador again.
This place is awesome! I like that you can see into the kitchen and the food is very fresh. Its a great place to go for a good lunch on a budget. Only thing i did not enjoy was the horchata, different taste than i am used to. But overall its great food, i will be back
Come here atleast once a week,  this place is great.   I'm very picky when eating pupusas,  These pupusas rock!
I enjoy the food at las pupusas and that is the only reason I am giving them a star. They have terrible customer service and need to hire more employees.  I have had 2 many bad experiences at this location, to continue to support them. I would have expected them to hire more employees after they relocated to a much bigger establishment.
I was soo hungry, so i decide to eat pupusas and i choice this place but I KNOW THAT THEY TAKE TO LONG TO make THE ORDERS SO I DECIDE TO Call and place a ORDER AND PICK IT UP,  so i order 2 pupusas of chicharon and 3 revueltas i reaped to the waitress the same order 3 times to make sure she understand and after that she   told me to go in 30mins so i did when i got there i went to the cashier  to pay and instead of  5 pupusas she  wrote 8 pupusas and i told her i order 5 pupusas not 8 and i saw in her face a mad/rude expression so she changed the order to what i wanted so she told me the amount for 5 pupusas was 10.54 so i gave her 11 dollars  and she take it but she didn't give me my change back and the receipt, i decide to set in the table to eat there,and went she come back with the order , i talk her that i decide to eat in the table instead of take it togo,and she bring me some plates but she just trow them in the table and she walk away, i was wanted a drink cause inside of this place is really hot but she even ask me if i want a drink o no?? I was there 2/8/2014  1:30pm i didnt see the name of the waitress but she was soo rude/mad. And the pupusas were BURM from the botton side and the top side was ok, AND SINCE THE WAITREESS SHE BRING THE PLATES, she never come back in to my table!! For me  It was the worst service i ever had.
This place level of customer service is a joke. New home same bad service. It's a shame because the food is good but the service No Bueno. Plus they need some help and training from the health district because the cashier is getting money and touching plates without washing her hands. They also need more waiters. Service at the new location was very slow and rude.
5 stars for food. 2 stars for service.  Food has never been an issue at this location. The service, however, has been lacking each and every time. I have waited 30 minutes from time order was taken to time it was delivered to table. A third of the times I've been there, someone has actually come and checked on us after food was delivered. Each and every time I have to go to the cash register to pay because if not you will wait at least another 20 minutes to wait for your check. If you are dining in and order something to go, they wait till you go to the register to start cooking it. So if you waited for the check at the table and gave up, then went to the register and wait for your food, in total you are waiting at least 30 minutes from the time you are done eAting to the time you leave this place. They need more staff.  You would think moving to a bigger location maybe they would hire more staff, but no.
Went here once. They were good and tasty.
They have a new location, right across from the old location, the mixed Pupusas tastes great, prices are pretty good too, only complaint is the servers, they seem uninterested in your needs after your meal is delivered, which makes it an effort to get things like a refill
This place compared to other pupusa places was not that great the pupusas were dry & didn't have much flavor. We also had the nachos & the ground beef needed seasoning. They charge for water ?! Who charges for water . The servers didn't come around to check on us at all . I wouldn't recommend this place at all.
When you walk in you dont know if you set your self or order at the register. Terrible service
What can I say? I decided to give this place a try, though I was not impressed I was at least happy I tried it! We walked in and its a very casual sit yourself kind of place. Waitress brought us our menu and we hot two pupusas one herb and cheese the other pork and cheese. The herb and cheese was on the bland side and needed something to make it pop. We added some salt which helped but did not make it. Same goes for the pork and cheese, although more salty and savory from the pork it wasnstill missing something. Some hot sauce and some of thier tomatoe sauce helped it out. We then had pork deshebrada and the breaded shrimp. The menu was a little confusing as it had some good pics but no description to what they were. Anyway the plates came to the table and I must say that they give large portions and quality does not sacrifice.  Food was good, the shrimp was sweet and the breading was light and crunchy and had  some good flavor the bean were on the salty side but very good. The pork deshebrada was tender and flavorful, although I could have done without the green bell peppers but thats just a personal opinion. The pork deshebrada plate came with some tortillas although they were very thick and seemed undercooked from what I am used to but not bad. The meal also came with a cole slaw type dish that tasted heavily like oregano while not bad it wasn't my taste. Overall I give this place a 3.5 but the ratings do not go into fractions so three it is.
I just went here and I when I sat down the waitress just came and gave us the menus and didn't even say a word then walked away.. a couple walked in and she right away asked them what they wanted to drink when she hadn't even asked us, then 10 mins later she came and asked us what we wanted to drink and I ordered my food , my brother still needed a minute to see what he wanted then she came back and he just ordered a cheeseburger .. the waitress brought mine and my daughters food and we ate but my brothers food never ever came so I just went to pay and she even asked me about the cheeseburger so they knew about it and not once informed us it would be out soon or even checked on us .. I was so mad I just paid and left, didn't leave a tip.. it was poor service , they don't even care about their customers
Terrible service here.  Period.  Had to ask multiple times for water before the server brought it to us.  Asked for a fork and she brought water.  Either they don't listen well or they need to improve their English.    I wasn't sure what to get so I asked the server what she recommended and she said to try the papusas.  Sure, why not.  The place is named after these things, after all and they should be pretty good, right? Wrong.  Food, in my opinion, should have flavor.  These were the most bland things ever -- we got chicken and pork ones and couldn't tell the difference. It was like eating plain dough with a tiny pocket of goo in the center.  Not good at all.    Then the entrees came and my daughter got hers first, about 3 minutes later my husband got his.  I waited about 5 minutes before I decided I needed to say something.  It took about 5 more minutes to find our server and flag her down to ask her what's up with my food.  She said someone else was supposed to bring it and they must've forgot.  That's nice.    I finally get my food.  I ordered the jumbo garlic shrimp dish.  The shrimp looked delicious...except they still had their legs, their shells and were NOT deveined.  Now I can get past small shrimp that aren't cleaned, but when you bite into a large shrimp that still has the black vein, it makes the entire shrimp gritty and sandy and takes away the flavor.  Not to mention I am not particularly fond of eating shrimp excrement.  I picked at the rice and beans for a few minutes before flagging down the waitress and sending it back. She was nice enough to take it off my bill without any hassle.  She asked me if I wanted anything else, but at this point I wasn't taking a chance on waiting 30 more minutes to get more food that is mediocre at best.  So save yourself the money and the time and go elsewhere if you want food like this.
Look no further for real Puerto Rican food in AZ! We've been here just shy of 2 yrs, and as my husband said, it's the best food we've had since leaving the east coast. now we're biased...this food is a total trip home. Real latino food..wonderful prices. I am still flabbergasted at how much I loved loved loved this place! The couple of places out here with caribbean or non-mexican latino food-in my humble opinion, are ridiculously overpriced. It hasn't stopped me from trying new places, but this place is a gem! I had the bistec encebollado with white rice and RED beans..RED BEANS!!!Here, in AZ, red beans!!!! yeeaaahhh!!! My husband had the pernil with arroz con gandules, which made us feel like we were back in NJ all over again. If you're looking for a fancy dining room..forget it! A few tables in this simple but very homey little mom & pop joint. The tostones are just like my family makes them..so I cleaned my plate..I left no crumb, no morsel on my plate. AND on top of the fantastic food, there was some great salsa music playing on the little stereo system, which honestly I havn't heard since we boarded flight out west. Do no radio stations in Phoenix play Salsa?! Anyway..get your little behinds into el coquito...it's THE best in Puerto Rican food in the state. It's definitely our new favorite place!
Phoenix desperately needed traditional good Puerto Rican food.  These two came about six months ago and delivered.  And... holy cow.  I was transported right back to Quebradillas, PR a few years ago when visiting my partner's family. (she was born and raised on the island)  This is GOOD stuff.  The cafe is very traditional, playing salsa music with a few little tables and some gorgeous photography from San Juan on the walls (that are for sale, if anybody is interested.)  They have coquito (unleaded, but you can bring your own rum for a charge) and other imported malt beverages.  Feel free to bring your beer, your wine, your hard liquor... you will just have to pay a fee to drink them in there.  Today, my partner had the mofongo... oh... and it was excellent. :)  I had the pernil con gandules, which is pork with a certain type of pea with rice.  Those who fear spicy... you don't get that with puerto rican food.  You get spices that enhance your taste experience, not spicy at all.  This is a GREAT place!
So I FINALLY made it down to El Coquito. I drove all the way out from Surprise.... and I was NOT disappointed.  The food at El Coquito is sooooo good!! It's got a very homemade taste to it. I had the pernil and my wife had mofongo. We both shared with each other. We even had to get some food to go because it was so good and we live so far. And I washed it down with some ice cold CoCo Rico... mmmm... Next time, I'm getting the guanabana.  I've got family in both NYC and Puerto Rico and the food here is by far the closest I have ever gotten to my family's home cooking. If I lived closer, I'd eat here at least once a week!  The only thing I missed was that they were all out of alcapurrias when I went... and the server said once they run out for the day, they wont have anymore, which is a little disappointing, but it IS a little mom n pop restaurant so I understand.   Overall, I'm VERY satisfied with the friendly service and comfortable atmosphere. I WILL be back soon!
I'm a New York Rican. There are very few places that I can say have satisfied my taste regarding the food I grew up on. Up to a couple of weeks ago they were all located on the East Coast. Mainly NYC on the East coast, Division street in Chicago and the beautiful Island of Puerto Rico (not Porto Rico).  I am soooo happy to say that this little mom and pop place in Scottsdale is a blessing for our Puerto Rican based palate. Everything on that menu is yummy. Much care is taken in its prep and the service is great. Did I already mention that the food is yummy? As for the ambiance the only thing I can say is "dito" (short for bendito). But who the heck cares. Oyeme, te dije que la comida esta yummy. If you are a PR or PR wannabe you gotta eat here and support this business.  Hey remember, Good Food-Good Service-GOOD TIP. Dont make that waitress give you a chancletazo. Buen provecho.  PS: heard there might be live Salsa music coming. Get ready to bust a move.
I've read reviews on Yelp for awhile now, but never felt inspired to sign-up and write a review until I went here.  I lived in Puerto Rico for about a year and have tried in vain to find an authentic Rican restaurant in the valley for years.  Most of what I have found are fairly pricey mediocre Latin & Caribbean fusion type places (e.g. Fuego Bistro in Phoenix).  Just looking at the menu and you know it's authentic: plantain fries, empanadas, mofongo, tembleque, etc.   I chose the steak and onions served with rice and beans and it was ridiculously good.  Reminded me of the same dish I would always get from the local place (El Jibarito) down the street from me when I lived in Old San Juan.  I finished off the meal with some excellent tembleque for dessert.  I have only been here once, but will definitely return.  Next time I'm getting the mofongo and I know I will not be disappointed.  (Oh yeah, they don't have a liquor license, but you can B.Y.O. Bacardi, Medalla, Don Q, etc!)
This place is delicious.  I'm not Puerto Rican, but I've had home cooked Puerto Rican food in New York, and I've always been a fan.  And as far as Puerto Rican food is concerned, this is excellent.   I had the Canu and Arroz con Gandules, and they were delectable.  The Canu is a sweet plantain stuffed with flavorful ground beef and melted cheese.  Hard to find something like that!  The reason I'm only giving this wonderful place only four stars is because (a) I had to spend almost $15 before being satisfied (the profile here shows it as $, when it should clearly be $$), and (b) there were no fountain beverages, only water and bottled/canned drinks.  It was worth it, however, and I will certainly be back.
I dined at El Coquito on a Friday evening (2/12/10) and ordered the Penril (Roast Pork) and a Mango Smoothie. The server was very friendly and helpful. I was very excited to try this small family run place out since I've had good experiences with Puerto Rican restaurants in Chicago.   The meal was served with a few generous slices of roast pork on top of a huge bed of white rice and black beans. The pork was a little tough and not tender and juicy. The taste of the food was medicore at best. The mango smoothie was probably the worst smoothie I ever had. After a few sips of the smoothie, it just became a huge blob of orange (no actual pieces of mango were spotted)  that would not go through the straw. I didn't bother trying to finish it since it was so meh. I probably will not go back to this restaurant.
Me encantan Puerto Rican food... and this place hits the spot. During my college internship in Florida, I fell madly in love with a Puerto Rican and was introduced to the soulful cuisine of the island.  Since then, I've trimmed the fat (literally, the overweight ex-lover) and kept my infatuation with the cooking.  My modest attempts to prepare traditional dishes at home are now moot since El Coquito does it so well. The affordable mom-n-pop joint offers all the favorites, earning a loyal following of transplanted New York Puerto Rican families and wannabe borincanos like myself.  Important: This is a BYOB spot. You must prepare accordingly.  (See an illustration of the "Rum Purse" at http://bit.ly/aBH6oT)  If you're a true foodie, you already carry a stylish "Rum Purse," pictured above. Any brown paper bag will do. Simply stock it with your favorite bottles of rum and carry it anywhere you go. The Rum Purse guarantees instant popularity in any situation, especially at a Puerto Rican restaurant that serves a signature "virgin" coconut cocktail (The Coquito) that begs to be bathed in liquor.  If you're lucky (like we were), the server will have a freshly inked tattoo exposed on her back. The sight of an exposed open wound might be a bit much, but trust me, the food is worth the damage to your eyes.  Once your rods and cones have recovered, you're in for a regional treat. One could munch on the appetizers of plantains, cod fritters and pastelillos (empanadas) alone. But then you'd miss out on family favorites including roast pork (my fave), marinated steak strips and pollo guisado. Pick your choice of rice plus pigeon peas, pink beans or black beans.  DO: Order the Coquito virgin cocktail and spice it up with the contents of your "Rum Purse."  DON'T: Let the sometimes slow service distract you from the worthwhile food. It's really that good.  DO: Mention that you love the Yankees! The owners are Puerto Rican NY'rs love the Yankees.  DON'T: Utter the word "Mets."  DO: Take a moment to peek in the window of Bennies Back Alley Barbershop next door. It's the Taj Mahal of Marilyn Monroe memorabilia. (very bizarre)  DO: Visit El Coquito often. Just ignore the Lisa Frank tattoos.
Buen provecho! El Coquito serves authentic Puerto Rican Food. As an exiled Nuyorican, finding good cocina criollo in the valley is tough. But Chef Jaime's food tasted just like it came from my queleles kitchen.   I (with a group) sampled the tostones, maduros, alcapurias, pastelillos, pernil, arroz con gandules, habituelas rosadas, puerco frito, bacalaitos, canu, and mofongo. All were excellent, but when I go back I'm getting the alcapurias and mofongo.  Great Food. PLUS, Jaime, the chef, is an expatriate New Yorker and die hard Yankees (and Roberto Clamente, of course) fan.  I'm going back. Very soon. See you there!
This is the place where I had my first bacalo :) (cod) and it tastes MARVELOUS!!! we went with a group of CSrs and owner and wife made sure we had a good attention. Everybody was satisfied with all the flavors and portions.  What you should order is the Pork Mofongo!! and for desert the tembleque!!
This place is the real deal. I dated a Rican who's mother cooked all the traditional dishes. Every sunday I would go to her parents house and get my grub on and absolutely loved the food. When that ended obviously I was cut off from mom's cooking. I started to really jones for it. I seriously considered calling her behind my ex's back to see if I could just get a plate of rice and beans. Thankfully I heard about El Coquito just before it got ugly. The mofongo here is so good as is the roast pork. All of the appetizers are fried and that's a good thing trust me. For me it's all about the rice and beans though. Puerto Rican is carribean soul food that gives me comfort and makes me happy. Thankfully El Coquito is right around the corner from my house and is as good as it is. Definitely five stars for the delicious home cooked food coming out of their kitchen.
I have never really had much Puerto Rican food so I'm not sure how much of an authority I am to speak on this... but who cares.  I'm doing it anyway cause this place and the meal I had was damm good.  Had Pan fried Pork Chops with grilled onions and the yellow rice with beans.. The more I ate the more I realized how damm good this meal was.  Also it helps that there is a huge flat screen that plays videos of Puerto Rican recording artists, and most of the videos features the bundas of some fine women...    Great Place.
I've become a huge fan of Twitter, the Web site that gives you the ability to share thoughts with followers. It's a way for people like me -- who are into cooking, dining and eating -- to find thousands of like-minded individuals. I follow local food peeps and, on occasion, we'll all meet for some eats.  Recently a small mob of us arrived hungry and thirsty at El Coquito, a family run Puerto Rican restaurant in Scottsdale.  El Coquito shares its name with a rum-infused coconut milk beverage. Ironically, El Coquito does not have a liquor license, although BYOB is allowed for a small fee. Fortunately, one of us was prepared and brought a couple of bottles, selections that went well with the creamy and delicious Coquito ($2.75).  Appetizers here are a celebration of the deep fryer - every crunchy selection is fried.  Similar to bananas, plantains are to Puerto Ricans as potatoes are to Americans. Mashed, grated and sliced, there are 101 ways to cook a plantain. Maduros ($3.99) are sliced, then deep fried, making a sort of a thick chip. Another variation, Arañitas ($3.99), uses shredded plantain to make golden nests with a side of ketchup and mayo sauce for dipping.  Relleno de Papas ($3.99) are baseball-sized mashed potato balls filled with seasoned ground beef, then deep fried. Made from salted cod, Bacalaitos ($3.99) are fritters fried crisp on the outside, yet chewy on the inside. A squeeze of lemon and a dash of hot sauce made these even better.  My favorites were the flaky Pastelillo ($3.99). Just like an empanada or turnover, these deep fried pastries are filled with meat or cheese.  With so much munching and crunching, I didn't fully realize how full I was becoming until the entree arrived.  Mofongo ($7.99) is pretty typical Puerto Rican fare, and for good reason -- it's tasty. Using mashed fried plantains with hints of garlic and bacon topped with your choice of meat, what's not to like. I chose mine to be covered in the most lusciously juicy roast pork, and it was sublime.  The same roasted pork is used in a few other dishes, like the Pernil y Arroz Gandules ($10.99), a plate full of the tender meat with a generous helping of moist fluffy yellow rice. A little more familiar might be the Cuban con Tostones ($7.99), a grilled sandwich composed with pork, ham, cheese and pickles.  If steak is more your style, Bistec Encebollado ($10.99) takes marinated strips of steak and grills them with onions. It's served with your choice of rice and beans.  Desserts ($2.75) sounded great, but we were too full to enjoy the likes of flan and rice pudding. However there was still a sweet ending to the evening, sharing mounds of comforting Puerto Rican plates with my new Twitter foodie pals.
Disappointing. Overpriced.  Very much overpriced. I'm from Chicago and I've been out here since 2008 and have had a very hard time finding PR food.  I attended the PR festival where I was able to learn there are a lot more PRs in AZ than expected!!! So I was grateful when I tasted the food of El Coquito and kept their business card.  My husband & I made a special trip over there cause I was craving an alcapurria.  When we got there, there weren't any alcapurrias even though the sign says "Food Made Fresh, please be patient". We ordered a papa relleno instead. We also ordered steak jibaritos, which we learned didnt come with rice, so we got a side or rice and an order of tostones.  Our bill came out to $32!!!!  When we got home to eat, our meal was not what we were expecting for $32. Our jibaritos were made with strips of ribeye (I think), as opposed to what we're used to: skirt steak (cheaper for the biz fyi).  White cheese used, instead of yellow. But they were good, I can attest to that much. The papa relleno was excellent, no issues there.  The tostones were great, no issues there.  The rice...did not taste fresh and could've used more flavor, maybe more sofrito, or just a bit more adobo. The price of  a side of rice was not listed so I dont know how much they charged us for that.  Just to compare though, In Chicago, the Jibaritos come with rice and they have steak, chicken, and pork; here, they have steak and pork only. The alcapurrias and papa rellenos are $1-$2, not $3.99/ea. A side of rice would be no more than $2.  Overall, will I go there again? Maybe for appetizers, but probably not a meal. The prices are just too high. I will save my cravings for Chicago or Puerto Rico.
My husband and I went to this place a few months ago with high hopes of finally finding a good PR place to eat in the valley.    My husband, who was born and raised in PR was so disappointed with the food at this restaurant he left angry.  The owner was there and he was a nice enough guy, very hospitable, but it was evident from the dishes we ordered that the chef was not puerto rican. My husband said, this tastes like bad Nuyorican food.  A puerto rican friend of ours who recently moved here from the island also tried this place and had the exact same experience.   K-rico used to serve the best local puerto rican food - but sadly, they seem to be out of business.  I heard a rumor that there is a new puerto rican place that opened called "El Jibarito" but I've yet to find out where it is.
I have been to Puerto Rico a couple of times and I lived in Ecuador while I was a lot younger, so I crave plantains more often than my hips want to know.  My husband and I decided to check this place out.  It is solid, I had the pernil (roast pork), which was really good, very well seasoned and of course I had to have "tostones" and "maduros".  Same plantain, one ripe the other green.  I have a weakness for them.  My husband had the shrimp al mojo with the arroz con gandules.  I had a taste and it was very good.  I want to come back to taste the mofongo.  This is a place where you go to get home cooked style food.  I am glad we checked this place out.
Pasteles almost as good as my great grandma used to make..and the chicken mofongo was super tasty, not overly filling and a total treat after hiking Camelback.   Love how this place is so mom & pop...authentic and delicious.   Had I known it was BYO-Bacardi at the time...damn!
Just when I thought that I had found the best Puerto Rican food in the Phoenix area at Safrita in Fountain Hills, I wandered in to El Coquito in Phoenix two days later.  Safrita is a Mercedes-Benz of Puerto Rican food, but El Coquito is a Rolls Royce!  I split an order of mofongo topped with chicken and for my main course I had bistec encebollado (tender beef steak) and orroz blanco con habichuela (white rice with beans).  This was home cooking at its best!  Coquito is nothing fancy, but the focus here is on the Puerto Rican cuisine.  I am eager to have the flan for dessert on a future visit.  My only regret is that I am limited to just five stars, otherwise I would give Coquito more!
I'm definitely torn with this review. Recently I watched episodes of No Reservations and Bizarre Foods. They were both in Puerto Rico and they both showcased Mofongo and I became intrigued. With the help of yelp I succeeded in finding a Puerto Rican restaurant.  I ordered the Pork Mofongo, with a side of yellow rice and pigeon peas. Man was it a big plate of food. I tried the pork first, and it was divine. Next was the thing I specifically came here for,...the Mofongo. It tasted really, really good, although I think the plantains could have been fried just a bit longer. The same deal was with the rice. If it was cooked just a minute or two longer it would've been perfect! What I really enjoyed was I have never had any of these types of flavors before, and it was fantastic!  As far as the ambiance of the restaurant, it lacks in that department. It's located in a run down tiny strip mall, and the inside of the restaurant is really bland. Only 9 tables in the entire place!! And what video footage I have seen on PR, this seems accurate. What I will give credit to is the amount of pictures they had on the walls of PR showcasing their homeland.  If you have never had Puerto Rican food before definitely take a trip here. I most likely would've given the food a five star rating, but since this was the only time I have tried Mofongo, I can't base it on anyone Else's. But I will say this. I will be back at El Coquito to try the rest of their menu!
WOW!! Ever since going to the beautiful island of Puerto Rico, I just fell in love with the FOOD! Thankfully, I found El Coquito!! The food was so delicious! I had Chicharrones de Pollo (Puerto Rican Fried Chicken), rice and beans, with Tostones (Fried Plantains) as an appetizer.....DA BOMB! I would recommend this place....minus the lack of decor to anyone!
Well a few hundred yards away from my home I saw a sign at the intersection announcing a new Puerto Rican restaurant. I figured it was probably in that strip mall I have ignored for the past 25 years that I have lived in the neighbourhood. I was right. It is right behind the 7Eleven on the corner and the parking lot was almost completely filled.  So was the restaurant, with a late (2pm) lunch crowd who were almost all boriquas. This was indeed a hole-in-the-wall and when it comes to ethnic foods, thhis is exactly how I like it. When the place is too fancy (outside of a fancy neighbourhood), I always think they are trying to hide sub-standard meals behind expensive decour. Minimalist just as you would find on the Condado, Old San Juan or Rio Piedras. I ordered Tostones al mojo (Freid Green Plantains with a side of garlic sauce) , Yuca al Mojo de Ajo (Cassava sauteed in garlic), Pernil (roasted pork) served with a salad and arroz con gandules (yellow rice with pigeon peas) with a glass of Coquito Unleaded ) a tradicioonal coconut drink). I was not disappointed. The servings were abundant and everything was delicious. The shredded pork was tender and moist and the rice was just right. The Coquito Unleaded however, was diabetes in a glass over ice and that, can be fatal to a diabetic like myself but, since it was so tasty, I asked for a glass of water which I used to dilute it as I drank. I had no room left for the flan which I had hoped to try and ended up getting a carry out container for lots of left-overs. I am so glad to have discovered some caribbean food in the hood. Even if is not jamaican, it's close enough in seasonings and ingredients that it will suffice for me during those moments when I am in need of some comfort food.
not great,I've been to Puerto Rico and this is not a sample of what you will taste...gosh Puerto Rico has some of the BEST cooking you have ever tasted....but not here durring week.  maybe if you partake in the great Sunday night specials this is great?   but during the week very average for anypalace  Not awful .......but not really good either. Food was very plain salad was out of a bag meat on sandwich was very average like from anyones house. Meaning not bad...but not not great.
Decent mofongo.  The plantain part was moist, and mashed well with the pork cracklings.  There was a hint of garlic, and I might have liked to taste a little more garlic flavor.  I had it with pork ($8.99), and it was served next to the plantain rather than on top with sauce, like I have had in the past.  The pork was tender and shredded, but a bit too salty for my tastes.  The portions are pretty big, and I only finished about half my meal for lunch.  The drink I had was very unique and rich.  The Coquito unleaded ($2.50) is a thick coconut drink mixed with cinnamon and is a mix of sugary sweet and tangy flavor.
Imagine craving good Italian food.  Now imagine a convenience store frozen microwaveable lasagna.  Not quite the same thing is it?  El Coquito is a nice little hole in the wall place with the potential to serve up some good eats. It's got a good menu, a good vibe and wonderful wait staff.  Unfortunately, all the food was just a bit off. The Arroz con Gandules was dry and weak on taste. The Carnitas Frita were flavorful (if dry), once you got through the charred exterior.   The Mofongo was dry, didn't contain much pork, and was served with the beef topping on the side. The beef topping was essentially a stew, not bad tasting - but not inspiring.  Each main dish had a small salad on the plate. It was a waste of space, I would rather they had provided additional main or other accompaniment. Tomato, lettuce, and dressing just didn't add anything.  The Tostones al mojo were the opposite of the Carnitas, not cooked all the way through. They were fried, but had little in the way of crispiness.  The garlic dip was really good.  The pastelillo con pollo was a tasty but diminutive packet pastry. The Flan was very good, but it was a half portion - very small.  None of the food was really bad, it was all just a bit underwhelming. I'll be back, but hoping for better.
Been sitting for 45 min and still no sight of the expensive food!
Warning: Do not attempt to eat this on a day you are watching your diet. However, everyone needs an off day don't they?  I went years before realizing El Coquito was within walking distance of my office. And it didn't take more than a few days before we were dying to try it once we found out.   El Coquito is kinda tucked away in an old plaza off of McDowell on Granite Reef. The inside has a nice homey feel to it. Various tables of different sizes, pictures on the wall, a TV playing some good ol' futbol. We arrived 5 minutes before the website said they open, and we weren't even the first ones there. Fair warning, that you may want to give yourself time as the place is small and appears to fill up fast.  Be assured though, that the service is still top notch. We were greeted promptly and our food came quickly and just as ordered. I ordered the mofongo with pork and an unleaded coquito. And for the half hour I sat and savored that meal, I was completely overcome with bliss. The textures were great, everything was the right consistency and temperature and the flavors were amazing. Be prepared for the high garlic content, especially if you use the extra garlic that comes on the side, which I did. May want to wait while before smooching anyone.   Highly recommended, and a place I know I will be back to on various occasions. For those wanting to go with a group of friends or coworkers, splitting the bill was no issue.
The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is due to it's lack of consistency. I've eaten here 7 times.  First three times, STELLAR. Soooooooooo good. Next two were take out. The pork was charred black and almost not edible. The second take out they just completely forgot to add the salad. Sixth time, AMAZING.  So for my seventh time I decided to take my wife. She's pretty picky so I usually like to vet places for her before bringing her. We arrived at 8:15pm, were seated immediately and waited OVER 1HR AND FIFTEEN MINUTES for our food. Apparently they ran out of shit or something, I don't know, nor do I care. They gave us free apps and took a substantial part off of our bill, so I forgive them.  Try it, hopefully you'll be there on a good day because when t's good, IT'S GOOD.
I've lived here for 3 years now and this is the only Puerto Rican Restaurant in Arizona.  I think they are over priced although the food is good.  I've only been there once and it was around 6pm and they were running out of food.  I would go back to see how much they have changed since when I went they had just opened their business.
I made reservations earlier in the week for 16 people for today, Saturday.  There were not enough chairs set up.  The chairs were FILTHY!  We were afraid to sit on them.  It was all of the chairs, not just a few. The food was decent.  Service was horrible.  We were the only ones in there at 1 PM and they were out of several items and were told about it 15 minutes after ordering.  Three appetizers never arrived.  Two of our group never received their food until everyone else was done.  One of these people walked out disgusted.  Our bill was wrong.  We were overcharged.   Unfortunately, no one in this group will ever be going there again.  too bad
This place is out of business!!  I called the phone number and it was disconnected; then I drove by and it is now a Pakastani restaurant.  I was bummed, because I was really looking forward to trying it after eating at SOL in San Rafael, CA, which is awesome.
Out of business!!!  :(
Holy shit... this place has been right down the street from me for nearly a year and I am just now discovering it?!? El Coquito is a hidden little gem. One of the very few Puerto Rican joints in the Valley. It's a real authentic hole-in-the-wall too. You could drive past it 100 times and not know it was there or that it was good. Don't be scared - just go inside.   It's cozy inside - like you're stepping into someone's house (though unlike some tiny restaurants in Central Phoenix, this one isn't a converted house). Quaint and eclectic decor that's thoughtfully placed and somehow cohesive gives the feeling of being transported to another country. The contents certainly don't match the cover. I love that this place is so close to me, but it's a bit of an unfortunate location.  The owner is super nice and friendly - which is really refreshing in this town. I can't blame them for the most part given the state of the economy, but being a personable and accommodating restaurant owner goes a really long way toward earning and keeping business. People come to little independent restaurants to be fed - treat them like family or a welcome guest and cook for them with love and they'll come back - a lot. That's what I plan to do.  I'm not terribly familiar with Puerto Rican food, but El Coquito made me a lifetime fan. Some of the most flavorful dishes I've ever had. I don't know how authentic it is, but I'm going to go ahead and assume it is very much. I know that this place gets filled with famous Puerto Rican baseball players quite a bit when Spring training hits.   One thing I really like is that the dishes aren't copious amounts of food... Americans are overfed and we overeat. The portions here are just right. On a diet? I can't promise it's all the most healthy as some of it is deep fried and the most flavorful steaks are going to have plenty of marbling and fat on them - however, a reasonably sized meal is what you will get. You'll be full and you'll eat every bite, but you won't feel like a huge gluttonous fat.   They are equipped to deliver, but the hours vary a bit. Never hurts to ask if you call. Dine in or carry out if you must - just eat.  I highly recommend this place.
Grand opening tonight. Cute place and the food was terrific!
Awesome Food, great prices, and best service in town.  Truly they make you feel very special dining there.   All drinks made fresh, try the mojitos  :)  To top it off have a chocolate kiss or a churro, they are outstanding :)  Located in Town Square.
This spot is not right down in the Strip... My guess it will be more locals, and shoppers as the restaurant is located in the very nice Town Square (http://www.townsquarelasvegas.com/)  About the Restaurant: Mojitos... Great. Tapa style plates.... Great. I tried:  The Ceviche: Lychee/lime/lavender The flatbread pizza: Grilled Chicken/mango/cilantro/queso blanco The Mac & Cheese: with Habaner jace (my favorite) The Lamb Chops: with mint chimichurri (okay, also my favorite) Tried two of the three desserts: Bread Pudding with banana/rum sauce and the Chocolate Kiss, with Chipolte Foam... was not a fan of the foam...  Service was outstanding, this was the second night they were open... so i hope they keep this up. Very friendly.   Atmosphere was nice/modern/chic, I could use a brighter candle on the table... i had to use my iphone for light to read the menu... but they noticed right away, and said they would be working on it.
We stopped in on a Saturday night after seeing the sign.  We were going to grab some sushi but hadn't noticed Caña before and wanted to try it seeing as we're fans of tapas.  Lots of small plates meant to be shared.  We ordered a salad, meatballs, hamachi ceviche, crab ceviche, churros, Cuban sliders, ahi tuna flatbread, and several drinks.  Drinks were great.  Food was excellent.  However, the ceviche isn't really ceviche if that's what you're looking for.  The hamachi was sliced sashimi style with an delicious dressing.  Crab was more like a crab salad and had a metallic taste as if it were canned.  The crab ceviche was the only dish that wasn't excellent.  Service is good.  Definitely a good place for groups.  It's rather noisy so be warned.  Can't wait for the weather to warm up so we can try the outside patios.
We hit this place really late, sometime after 11PM.  Prior to that, we were at the Blue Martini, so this place was a real nice break from speakers that 'go to eleven'...  Not a lot of people here but it's only been open a few weeks; hopefully that changes.  The bartender's were great!  Awesome mojitos and really great food.  We had the chicken skewers, meatballs and churros.  Everything was really flavorful and unique.  The bartenders were extremely nice and friendly.  I wish I remembered her name but she was gorgeous!  A really nice break from the usual 'Strip' stuff.
I'm surprised this place is getting such great ratings. They market themselves as a ceviche place, and the ceviche is terrible.   This was my experience. I called in the afternoon to make a dinner reservation, and I was told I don't need one. Should've been a red flag. After much persistance, I convinced the host to just reserve me a table anyway. When I arrived, my party wasn't there yet, so I took my table because the bar was full. I wasn't offered a beverage for quite some time.   When my friends arrived, they received warm water with no ice in a sticky glass. My sangria took a very long time to make. We ordered 3 dishes after waiting quite some time for our waitress. After about 20 minutes, the waitress told us that the chef had just informed her they were out of salmon... We were starving! Did she wait 20 minutes to put in the order? People around us were getting food.   The first dish to arrive was mini chorizo corn dogs. Flavor was terrible, no spice at all. The texture was even worse. Next we received the item that we substituted for the salmon, which was a crab ceviche. Completely over salted, and was more like tuna than crab.   Finally our 3rd dish arrived, the hirame ceviche. When the waitress described it to us, she mentioned it was the special of the night which came with a salad. There was no salad. No greens. Nothing. This one was at least slightly tasty compared to the others, but it wasn't amazing. I contemplated dessert, but couldn't justify giving this establishment another cent.   I was very glad that some of the people I was planning to dine with couldn't make it. I would hate for them to suffer through this meal. It was awful. Service - poor, food - poor, drinks - poor.   I will say, however, that the place is decorated nicely. Wouldn't be bad to stop in for a beer before or after a movie. I just wouldn't eat. Not sure this place will stay open long, it was pretty empty when we went, and, in the words of the hostess, reservations aren't really needed.
Well, don't go hungry. Me and 8 of my friends went here for girls night. The point is share the food tapas style but when you get tiny morsels of food (from $12+ a plate) its barely enough for one person to enjoy. (4 pieces of fish the size of quarters is $16??) Please. The service was good, and the ambiance is contemporary and inviting, however it's not the kind of place to indulge in, just feeling like snacking and paying $70 a person for basically an appetizer. If you feel like a tapas style night, there are a half dozen other places I could would rather go.
Cana - a literal translation from Spanish would be "Cane"... as in Sugar Cane. This IS they reason why you would go here! As you approach the front entrance of Cana, you'll be greeted by a couple of fine-lookin' and friendly hostesses who will escort you down a corridor with a Wine display along the whole length of the corridor... Then the aroma of Sugar Cane just envelopes you... the Sweet, Succulent, just Intoxicating scent of Sugar Cane.... Every mixed drink has Sugar Cane mixed in along with Rum... so you cannot evade Drinks mixed with Sugar Cane. Just an aside... I found out later that the restaurant produces their own Sugar Cane Syrup used for the Drinks... unlike other restaurants that uses refined Syrup.  Menu - in chronological order...  Guava Glazed Short Ribs (**** 1/2 $12.00) The flavor on these Ribs are of a slightly Sweet Guava Glaze... the meat melts in your mouth ( I am not kidding! )... When we divided the dish between my partner and myself, the meat interior was a perfectly cooked Medium to Medium Rare with it being on the Medium Rare side. If anything... the Short Ribs could have been Spicier, but that's an attribute that is not found in a Spanish derived entree... Maybe, it's my Mexican foodie hot-as-hell influence...  Lamb Chops in a Mint Chimichurri (***** $14.00) Probably the best overall value among the Bocadillos (translated to Small Plates) served in Cana. Three Lamb Chops, like the Short Ribs, cooked to a Medium to Medium Rare consistency with a line of Mint Chimichurri along the length of the white ceramic plate. A very fine value.... I just had this recently in California at an upscale Mexican restaurant... same price with only two cuts of Lamb Chops. I was thinking while I ate.... this should be more in line if priced at $16.00 for the plate...  Overall, I like how the Meat is prepared at Cana... with just enough Fat left on the Meat, whether it be the Short Ribs or Lamb Chops to provide some tenderness and flavor.... especially FLAVOR!  Scallop Ceviche with Mango, Pomegranate Seeds, and Mint (***** $12.00) On a rectangular ceramic plate you'll receive very fresh and tender Sliced Scallops along the length of the plate, with chunks of Mango and Pomegranate Seeds sprinkled on the Scallop Slices. This Ceviche, which was the only one I ordered (because my partner has an aversion to Seafood - Dang It!) was the most visually appealing entree amongst those ordered last night. With the exception of one person who I can't name right now... I can't think of anyone that will NOT be satisfied with this Ceviche!  Beef Empanadas with Piquillo Pepper and Avocado Crema (***** $10.00) Actually, the Empanadas came out later than the next entry... and I'll tell you why the review for the Empanadas came first...   Literally, an Empanada can be defined as a Stuffed Bread or Pastry... and Cana's version tends more towards the Pastry attribute. The neutrality of the Pastry Shell was so delicate and flaky and soft that the whole Empanada just melted in your mouth. Reminded me of a Pastry I would find at a Bakery or at a Chinese Dim Sum restaurant. .... It IS that Soft and Delectable!  Corn Dogs - Chorizo with a Tangerine / Habanero Mustard (*** 1/4 $10.00) Probably the most disappointing Bocadillo ordered. The Empanada, which came after the Corn Dog... had me wishing that the Pastry Crust around the Empanada also surrounded the Corn Dog. I did not order this... blame it on my partner....  The Chorizo with the Patry Crust would sound dang fine right about now...  Yucca Fries with Garlic Aioli (**** $6.00) How can you say.... Spanish GARLIC FRIES! That's what this entree is! But, the Garlic is in the Aioli Dip not on the Fries itself. Very attractive presentation in a metal paper-lined Belgian Fries-like container.  After conversing with the waiter, Jason, it's recommended that one consume this Bocadillo within five or six minutes as the Yucca hardens rather quickly. Jason stated that the Chef was seriously considering taking this off the menu because of that. My opinion, if it matters is.... just warn the customers beforehand...   If this matters, Yucca is often compared to Viagra... not kidding! Keep it on the menu just for that!  Mango Mojito (***** ???) This Mojito was the most authentic I've had. I come from a very small town... and none of my previous experiences with Mojito ever tasted this good. Contained the required Mint Leaves... about four or five, and the slices of Lime. I could have consumed a half-dozen of these babies....  Sweet Tea (***** ???) Cana's version of Long Island Iced Tea... As everyone probably knows by now... Long Island Ice Tea is the "Every Liquor, including the Kitchen Sink" of Mixed Drinks. But, Cana's version, of course, includes Rum and the obligatory Sugar Cane.   Summary: Fine looking staff - men and women with great views of the Town Center Courtyard. Don't bring your Mexican cuisine, Chili based prejudices to Cana.  Special Request: Mai-Tais made from Sugar Cane!
Loved it! The food was a bit expensive for the amount $10 for 5 meatballs is a little much but the taste made up for it.   The food was amazing, regardless of the price. The drinks were creative and fun! Great atmosphere and perfect for a nice date when you don't want to eat a huge meal.  The food was extremely creative and well made. Very different from other food I've had in Las Vegas. I will definately go back again!
I'm a sucker for tapas (or bocadillos in this case -- although I used to think bocadillos were sandwiches, which shows you how much I know, but I digress...). So, when I saw this place in Town Square I had to check it out.  First of all, there are 2 entries for Caña on yelp. Both refer to the same place but one has the address wrong. The correct address is 6599 Las Vegas Blvd. I'm posting my review under both.  Now for the review... Caña is located in the spot vacated by Louis's Fish Camp and they did a great job of remodeling the space. Louis's had a small bar and the entry way was a little odd -- kinda felt like you were walking in through the back door to get into the restaurant because of the small door, walking by the bathrooms and getting a glimpse of the "behind the bar" area before getting to the dining area. With Caña, the doorway is larger and more inviting and the bar is pushed back, adjoining the patio areas. The interior of the place is much darker and intimate as well. The bathrooms are in the same location but are not as pronounced.  As for the food... ehh... it was ok but not great.  Not even "really good" either.  - Hamachi ceviche -- as other reviews have mentioned they are not traditional ceviches. They're more like sashimi slices laying on a streak of citrus sauce. Hardly enough citrus to 'cook' the hamachi. It didn't taste all that fresh and lacked flavor.  - Short ribs -- one large short rib in a deep pool of guava glaze. The meat was very tender but didn't have much depth in flavor. A few more spices would have given it some kick and made this a great dish, but the meat all on its own was a little dull.  - Piggy back dates -- It seems like every tapas/bocadillos place HAS to have bacon wrapped dates. I guess I should be glad that this place did, because it was the best dish of the night. Great textures (although the amount of goat cheese mousse was overkill) and great flavors.  - Beef empanadas -- the outside of the empanadas was flaky and a little crispy. The inside could have used more beef. Almost every bite was pastry with a hint of beef. The beef tasted pretty good, I just wanted more of it.  - Crispy shrimp -- decent flavor, not as crispy as I would have liked.  - Sangria -- while it did taste good, it wasn't strong enough and was too sweet. It wasn't what I was expecting.  We sat at the bar on a Saturday night and didn't have any trouble finding seats. The service was very good. Our bartender was on top of things and we didn't have to wait long for drinks or food even though he and the other bartenders were very busy (all those mojitos take a while to make). Our bill came out to about $88 including tip for two people... not bad. However, I doubt I'll be back for the food. Caña might be a cool/chill place for happy hour but there are better places around town for tapas. I'd give them 2.5 stars if I could, but 'm rounding up.
Just received a nice message from Cana management:  "I just wanted to take a moment and say thank you for taking the time to write a review of my restaurant, Caña.  I really appreciate it and I hope to see you in Caña again soon.  Please introduce yourself so I may say hi.  Regards,  Cory"   I replied that there were some request for new / additional drinks...      Since Cana uses Rum and Sugar Cane in the majority of their drinks,      why not add some Polynesian drinks? A Mai-Tai made with Sugar      Cane as sweetener would sound deliciouso right about now!      One of the best Iced Teas I've ever had was at a restaurant in      Sacramento where the Iced Tea (not the Long Island kind) was made     with Sugar Caner.  Man... that sounds good in the Summertime in      Vegas!
My new favorite bar /hangout spot in the city of Las Vegas ! I know everyone on Yelp is obsessed with Firefly, but I can now confidently say I much prefer Cana! Before I get onto the main review, a few reasons why this place kicks Firefly's butt:  *Well crafted, DELICIOUS drinks. I know we all love those sugary mojitos at Firefly, but the flavorings are all just powders and artificial. The fruit mojitos here are muddled with real fresh fruit - they used a half pint of blueberries on one freaking mojito that I watched them make! I much prefer real fruit to powdered mixes, but to each his own.  *Service is exponentially better. The bartenders will actually take the time to get to know you and make sure you love your drink. My mojito gets thrown at me with no hello at FireFly  *Atmosphere. I love the sexy lounge/patio they have going! Happy hour is till 7, instead of ending at 6 PM like it does on FF on Paradise.   --------------------------  I've said it once and I'll say it again - the drinks are awesome and they are why I come here. The mojitos are muddled with fresh fruit, and they have some awesome martinis. I do have to give the edge to Firefly on the sangria, however. They only have one kind at Cana and it's just oK.  We've tried half the menu and love nearly everything we've tried. I think the low point is sadly  the ceviche. We tried their best selling yellowtail ceviche and while it was fresh, I don't like their funky new style. If I want ceviche I want small pieces of fish, not 4 huge ugly slabs. It was sloppy and uninspired imo.  On the flip side, we really loved the beef empanadas. They aren't traditional, but wow the puff pastry dough is good. The mac and cheese is great as are the sliders. The flat breads and shrimp are both great and hearty portions to boot. I think our favorite was the short rib. A pretty damn big slab for $12 and covered in the most delicious sauce.   If you're a Firefly regular - give it a try. It's more sophisticated and the drinks are way better! You might just like it .
The hamachi ceviche is my favorite. The dates with goat cheese mousse were awesome too, along with the sangria. Wow. Best sangria I have ever had. We asked for the dates sans bacon and they were delicious--crisp and perfectly baked. Much better than Firefly where the dates are served soaking in a bowl of bacon grease (although I have to admit that Firefly introduced me to this dish so I shoudln't complain).  The best part about my experience was the service. John is an amazing bar tender. All of the bartenders are very friendly and focused on the customer. They were genuinely interested in whether or not we liked our food and drinks. John introduced us to Cory, the owner, who is also a friendly, genuine person.  I don't think you'll find better service anywhere in Vegas, really. I have been going to Firefly for years and have never left feeling like the employees knew me or cared about my return. It's the opposite at Cana.  I can't wait to go here when the weather gets nice too--large windows open up to the bar--it's a great indoor/outdoor space. Even though it was rainy and cold this Saturday, it was a fun place to be.
3.5 stars.    Both my wife and I wanted a small dinner and this was a perfect place to do it.  Went with the hirame ceviche which was was done w/ lavender, lychee and lime.  Interesting mix for a ceviche and tasty but I just prefer the regular stuff.  We also ordered the beef empanadas and the cuban sliders which were both very good.    While the menu was fine, my wife kinda wished there was a larger selection of stuff but it wasn't that big a deal.    Atmosphere is awesome.  Great place for drinks and this place is gonna rock when the weather gets warmer.
A nice location sandwiched between Bar Louie and Blue Martini at Town Square. I have to say that this should be "the" spot of the summer (for drinks). It has a central location, Miami-ish décor, balcony that overlooks the Town Square park, and two additional balconies on both sides that are all perfect for people watching. Additionally, throw in the mojitos and tapas and we have the perfect summer spot.  However, there are a couple things they need to work on.  The servers were amazing. The bartenders were a little slow and unresponsive but seeing the work it takes to make a mojito, I understand.   What was strange was the managers that stood around and did nothing. No hi, no bye, nothing, just stood there taking up space. At first, I figured that maybe they were customers but later found out they were managers who just got in the way of the servers and the customers. It'd be better if they would of had personalities. Hopefully, that'll change as business increases.  The sangria was amazing ... and I don't even like sweet drinks. But the food was very subpar. It's nothing special and was very mediocre compared to a place like Firefly. As a matter of fact we ordered about ten different items on the menu and maybe the only thing that stood out was the mushroom ceviche and the dates with bacon (even though Firefly's is better but how do you mess up something with bacon wrapped around it anyway). Everything else was ... eh and will not have me running back there to eat. With places that have waaaaayyyy better food within walking distance (Johhny McGuire's, Yardhouse, Bar Louie, and even Cadillac Ranch) I'd rather eat somewhere else and afterwards go grab a couple drinks at night here.
My boyfriend and I wanted to try something new this weekend so we went to Caña. We've lived in Vegas for a year and this was the worst food for the price we've had so far. We ordered the scallop ceviche, chicken flat bread, bacon wrapped dates, salad, and meatballs. The scallops were chewy and fishy and the ceviche's ingredients had a bad mixture of texture. The chicken flat bread was sparse. The salad was served the same way as coleslaw and bacon wrapped dates were greasy (goat cheese sauce tasted like sour cream). The meatballs dish was the only dish that we liked. I also ordered a glass of wine and it looked like it was two ounces. Our meal ended up being $74 and we were beyond disappointed. Cana should change it's layout into a lounge instead of a restaurant because it's more about the ambiance and view. The service was excellent and we tipped her accordingly but we will never go back.
Ambiance- This place is very nice, warm and cozy. The place is dimly lit which I  am personally comfortable with. The bar area is nice and the tables are spaced evenly throughout the restaurant.   Food- I came here the night before Easter Sunday. So, I was not able to try any of the meat dishes.  The food is a bit disappointing. After you have the tapas at Firefly, it is difficult  to match the quality, quantity and taste of the food.   Location-The location is great. Across from Blue Martini and steps away from the movie theaters. Town square is a great location.   Price- A bit on the steep side. You do not get enough bang for your buck. You cannot really expect much because of the expensive rent  these places have to pay at Town Square.   Service - It is OK, nothing special.   Overall- I am a bit disappointed. Maybe it is because of the Five Star ratings that this place received. I expected a lot.
went to cana for happy hour and they had some really good specials, $5 mojitos and beers. the mojito was EXCELLENT. we also got the mac-n-cheese with habanero seasoning, nice size portion, and it was very good. the ceviche was really good also but small portions for the price, we got the trio ceviche spicy tuna (great taste), scallop (with mango and pomegranate seeds), and the mixit (shrimp & octopus) they were each like 2 - 3 bites and it was like $30 bucks, not worth it for the price!!!if you like sangria they have a special sugar sangria that is SPECTACULAR!!!!!! will definitely go back. also a mix crowd, all ages and groups will feel at home!!
A friend recommended this tapas spot and I absolutely enjoyed the apps we got except for one.   We ordered the meatballs, hamachi, beef tenderloin, calamari and they were all great. We also ordered the Cevichi mushrooms but that was the only fail out of the things we ordered cuz it was very citrusy and a bit sour so we had it sent back and the waitress recommended the spicy tuna and it was very good!  Met the General Manager and he hooked it up with their special dessert that evening which was with ice cream, fried bananas and chocolate and like some waffle haha, IT WAS AWESOME!  It was a bit pricey for the portions that came out but its a nice place to take a date out to and the atmosphere was really chill...   Over all I was pretty impressed myself... I would highly recommend this place as a date spot! :)
Ok here goes-  I am writing this review after my second visit to Cana.. I didn't want to spout off prematurely..We went early (I tried to bring the hubby there last week but the wait around 8pm Friday night was about 45 min.) so we didn't have any wait to get a table.  It was 5pm.  Now I am really pretty good about determining what is high quality food and drink and I am so glad to find a place that cares to creatively design and present items in BOTH categories on their menu.  That's why got Cana 5 stars.. wonderful creative food items and tasty unique handcrafted cocktails.  So just go, you won't be disappointed.  I thought it was a little expensive but when I think about spending less at another place I also think about how much I loved Cana... then I just drive back to Town Square and Cana.  Corey (the owner) came by and gave me some information that made me seriously consider becoming a regular. They don't have walk ins because they insist on fresh ingredients.  They make their own sugar syrup for drinks out of raw sugar vs processed.  The Pisco drinks use different brands of Pisco and he can describe the subtle flavors of each type.  It's not a franchise or corporate owned.  And the best part...wait for it..... they create specials weekly and change about a third of the menu to keep up the creativity factor.. then he brought out the chef who is young and really passionate about his creations.. THEN to top it off Corey sent out an order of the Churros (think puff pastry, crispy outside, soft inside, the best cinnamon sugar ever drizzled with a warm vanilla sauce) on the HOUSE!!! Stick a fork in me..I'm done.    Ok, not really done. Here's a list of what we tried (using the website as a reference cuz there is no way I can remember it all!).  Snapper Ceviche-sour orange, lime, super fresh fish Hamachi Ceviche-the yuzu really enhanced it Crab Ceviche-actually a large portion of crab that looked like all claw Big Eye Tuna Flatbread-this dish was kept simple to let us really taste the tuna and the presentation... created for sharing of course!  Spinach- with garlic, lemon and maybe a little cream or something? Lemon zest on top and this was all mine.  Crispy Shrimp-with a very tasty chicharron sauce which is not made with pork rinds by the way!  (The first time I was there I also had the Mac and Cheese, Piggy Back Dates, Chicken Skewers, Meatballs, Cuban Sliders, the Bread Pudding, Chocolate Kiss. Nothing disappointed me..and I mean NOTHING)  Unfortunately the drinks aren't on the website and now I have to try to remember the names: We had a Delicioso-with Rum and pineapple, I almost thought I tasted vanilla.  Not too sweet with a touch of lime.  MMM, I want one now!  The hubby had a La Diablada with Pisco and guava..he loved it.  I think it was a bit tart for me but the fruit really melded well with the Pisco.   Then I had a Watermelon Mojito..OMG!   Corey sent over a Caiparinha because he said we HAD to try it... and I see why.. I like that better than the Mojito now..   The hubby had what I think was a blackberry margharita.. Tequila and Blackberries, lime, sugar syrup..sounds like a Margharita.. and one of the best we've had (Sorry T&T).  I think he had another drink but I can't remember for the life of me..  Ok, so if there is any doubt left in your mind re: going to Cana.. I challenge you to go and contradict my review! So there!  Or I will just see you there because I'm probably going to be hanging out on the patio a lot this summer.. :)
I was a bit disappointed with this place. A bunch of us girls decided to go for happy hour and it was just a huge let down. First of all, only certain drinks and food are happy hour priced. Why would we want to come here, when Blue Martini is next door with happy hour on everything?! We decided on a pitcher of the Sugarcane Sangria. The server told us that it was cheaper getting the pitcher, but beware this is full price during happy hour. We also ordered the Mac and Cheese and the Chicken Empanada (this is not a HH item). I thought both were decent, but I definitely would say I wasn't impressed. Overall, I felt disappointed and we left to go to finish Happy Hour at Blue Martini.
Great sangria, and the sliders are tasty!! Good place to hang out, just a little pricey. Hit it up at happy hour.
Last night was my second time trying Cana, and quite frankly its not worth the money. My boyfriend and I got a pitcher of mojiots, empanadas, and a sorry excuse for a flatbread which was basically three slices of pita bread with a little smudge of melted cheese in the center... no sauce, no flavor. This cost us $75 after tip. We left still starving after a day of laying by the pool in the sun, and grumpy for wasting money.  The only reason I gave two stars as opposed to one, is because I saw the bartender totally hook it up in our pitcher of mojito. He probably used half the bacardi bottle on us.  But, needless to say, we met up with friends right after this, and immediately walked over to Brio for some hearty pasta, breads, and salads.  Seriously, go to Firefly if you want tapas, this place is only good for drinks.
A friend and I went to dinner here, and while the experience was brief, and the conversation was enjoyable and longer than the meal, I had a good time.  I didn't try much of their menu, save for their beef empenadas.  I found them to be tasty and well cooked.  Since I stuck with that, the pricing was respectable.  I had also tried their "Fire Water" drink based off the name alone, and I found it to be enjoyable as well.  A bit of a small glass, but the flavor was good.  I don't want to rate it any higher on the grounds that I only had one menu and drink selection, and they were more of a quick snack than a full meal, but my friend and I enjoyed our individual meal selections, and the overall vibe and view were pleasant.  Perhaps in returning at a later time, I'd be able to make a more concrete decision on where I want to place my enjoyment factor, but the first impression was pleasant enough to want to check it out again.
Cana has some tasty food, but it is expensive.  Most dishes hover right above $10, and the portions certainly do not match what you're paying for.  Last night was my third visit here, and each time I've been sure to stop by during happy hour.  Happy hour is from 5pm-7pm daily and gets you the following items at discount price (discount prices are listed below, and are approx. ~50% off full price, plus or minus $1):  Beef Empanadas, $6.00 - It's alright.  Ground beef with some veggies inside pastry bread.  I'll eat it but it's not my first choice.  Comes with two empanadas, each cut in half. Mac & Cheese, $4.00 - This is some tasty mac & cheese, using white cheese, cheddar cheese and some habanero.  The kick from the habanero makes this something that I would order every visit.  Portion is good for two, maybe three less-hungry people. Cuban Sliders, $6.00 - These are delicious little burgers!  Made with ground pork, with a little ham thrown on top just because.  They've been juicy and full of flavor every time I've ordered these (which happens to be every time I've been here).  Order comes with three sliders, which are small to begin with.  Not worth full price. Crispy Shrimp, $6.00 - Yes, it is pieces of shrimp.  Yes, it was probably crunchy at some time with some sort of breading.  But no, it is not crispy when it arrives.  Last night was the first time I ordered it, and the sauce it comes with (panko?) made the shrimp soggy.  It had a citrus flavor and wasn't bad, but I can't see myself ordering it again.  Portion was decent enough for two to share. Chicken Skewers, $? - The fifth and final food item on the happy hour menu.  The menu is small to begin with, and only five items are offered with happy hour pricing!  I *think* I had this during a previous visit but I'm not sure.  I didn't order it last night. Sangria, $5.00 - I think there were a couple varieties offered during happy hour, each being $5.00.  It's not my favorite drink so I didn't order.  During my visits it seems that on average people are paying roughly $15-$20 per person depending on who gets drinks.  When I go to Firefly with a group it's usually about $20 per person and the food is tastier, with more generous portions.  Cana's food is good from what I've tasted so far, but the prices are scaring me off from trying the other items, no matter how good they look.
So, this was like our 10th time going to Cana (in what I thought was 6 months but is really 2) and I have to say I have not been disappointed yet.  The drinks are consistent, the food is so fresh and flavorful..each and every time!  The weather is warming up so we are definitely looking forward to some warm nights on the patio.  They have a little lounge patio area with a few cushy seats that almost seems like my own private little living room.  Perfect!  This visit Cory (owner) stopped by the table and he gave us some previews of drinks he is creating for the summer menu. (Which by the way is a selling point to this ADHD foodie...new stuff on the menu is a big plus)  I can't talk too much about the spicy, savory, tasty drinks we tried but let's just say one of them bit me!  There is also a new Sangria on the menu which is so refreshing and not too sweet.  Made with a Malbec and citrus juices (and Bacardi O) it is going to be the perfect complement to a warm Vegas breeze, swaying palm trees and ceviche.    Speaking of ceviche we tried the Mushroom Ceviche.  I think it was made with Beech Mushrooms.  Those were new for me.  They were soaking in a citrus marinade that made raw mushrooms absolutely tasty.  We also had the Spicy Tuna Ceviche and the Mixto made with shrimp, scallops, and calamari (they have an 'choose 3' offer that we couldn't resist).  The 3 of those along with the Hamachi was almost enough for us.    But even before the ceviches were ordered I could smell the aroma of truffle coming from the table next to us (and NO I am not sick of truffles yet)...so what did we have to try? The new Truffle Chips.  Um, HELLO, I need a whole bag of those right now!  Thin crispy waffle cut potato chips with grated parmesan and truffle oil.  You know how some of us like the really brown potato chips and pick them out of the bags? Well, these chips were like those on steroids.  I think I ate them all, but sorry, my eyes were closed and I was in Heaven so I don't really remember.  Things to try: the Watermelon Ginger Margharita, the new Sangria, and the freakin' awesome Truffle Chips!  And thanks Cory and GM (Ben I think?) for making our visit so entertaining, educational and above all...FUN!
I went for happy hour (5-7pm) on a Sunday Night. The sugarcane sangria is delicious($5 on happy hour). The original Mojito on the other hand was not! I had the habanero pepper jack and cheese, it was VERY SMALL and tasted not too much different than Kraft Mac&Cheese. I heard a lot about "TRUFFLE CHIPS" but all I could taste was the truffle oil. The ceviche was okay but overpriced. Overall, the restaurant is beautiful and the patio is great as it looks over townsquare park. I would possibly go back for sangria but nothing else... Definitely not a place to enjoy a nice meal or even some appetizers with a drink.
This review is not about the food but about the hosts. We went in for an early dinner. As we arrived, we are told by the hostess that we cannot be seated inside since the place was booked by a very large group. I asked if there was a comfortable area outside since I was still cold from seating outside in the shade on a very windy day at Blue Martini.   We're told not to worry since we'd be sheltered from the wind. We get outside and we asked to sit at the only table located in the sun.   As we are looking at the menu and finally warm up, the hostess comes back to our table and asked us to move to another table in the shade since apparently, the table in the sun is going to be used by the big party. Which by the way, we have yet seen.   We decided to leave. Very unhappy.   We ended up going to Nu right downstairs and were seated on the patio right next to a very pretty and warm fire pit.
Nice, vibrant environment.  The server was very friendly in telling us what we should try and most were accurate.   Everyone raves about the pork sliders, but we found them to be very dry...needed a little more mustard or BBQ sauce in my opinion (cough cough...another drink please!). Maybe that was their intent...  Drinks were great as she made sure we never ran dry.    Only bizzare area was going to the bathrooms.  There was a 16 year old texting on his phone when I entered the omni-sexual configured bathroom.  Felt strange, like he was supposed to be my wiper. Bizzare.  Overall, great place!
I recently revisited Cana and I'm glad I gave them a second chance.  I was very impressed with the waiter and the owner who were so welcoming and impressive with telling of what they enjoyed and the care that went into food preparation.  I had far more food that I normally do but was glad I tried out so many things.  I'll list it out since my eyes were very hungry that night.:  Hamachi - fresh and zesty Duck Empanada - delicious unique butter crust and sweet to bite Mac N Cheese - so bad for you but so good when it hits your lips Calamari - crispy and peppery and using the dipping sauce really adds to the flavor Pork Chops - Loved the marinade, tender, and full of flavor Bread Pudding - This hit all my senses as soon as it hit the table and really lived up to expectations Churros - Best churro I've ever had, arrived warm and hot and the glaze just really made the flavor jump in you mouth.  My friend had the white wine sangria and was very satisfied which is quite the compliment since she's very discerning.  I had a faux-jito, which was equally flavorful and fun.  Overall it was a great experience, nice ambiance, great service, and a welcome spot for friends, dates, and even business dinners.
overpriced tapas.  Compared to Firefly they can't hold a candle to it.  The only redeeming food they have is the mushroom ceviche.  That was delicious but, so itty bitty for $8.  If the happy hour is cheap I'll go check it out and give them a star if it's a good deal.  Remember, we are in a recession.
Really wanted this to be a great place.Sure looks good inside & I have to say the service was great. However I found the food way over priced and the portions small (Yeah I know Tapas are small plates) but from $12-$14 give me some meat. Drinks were tasty & I enjoyed the white sangria over the red but again pricey. Nothing really blew my top which is sad and I don't think I will be back I'm sorry to say. Lower your price or increase the portion size. I'm not cheap by any means.
Waitress was talking with some people at the other side of the bar. After 5-7 min waiting she came, put the menu in front of me and ask, with that very well known impersonal smile, "what do you like to start", ... I ask about Mojito, Seviche classic, ...and if there was any possibilities to turn the TV to sports, like soccer...(Consider the situation: World Cup; Brazil-Coast of Ivory game; only two girls and a guy at the bar talking on my left side and just me, in front of that TV, watching "Jeopardy....") The waitress told me: I don't like soccer, I don't watch it, so, I don't know where they broadcast the game".  I just start  seeping my Mojito and forgot about the game. Minutes later came the seviche (tiny and good), and a second Mojito.  Just before I finish, another couple arrives and ask about Brazil vs. Coast of Ivory's game, and then, just after 20-30 min after my first request, the bartender ask one of the guys working in the kitchen how to find the soccer game on "...that TV" Funny end: the TV audio was OFF=MUTE=SILENT (natural, in a bar environments, right?) and the waitress was swapping channels, back and forward, until I said, "STOP...there is...that one..." (It was the Hispanic channel of Univision), and then,  she said the most interesting part of her appearance that night: "Oh, that's why couldn't find it, it is in Spanish and I don't understand that language! "
Recently got to try this place out. I always end up comparing Tapas restraunts to Firefly because Firefly is so good and I love going there. For example, when I went to Johnny Smalls in the Hard Rock it was a huge dissapointment. So much more expensive and not half as good as Firefly. SO when I sat down at Cana I thougt I would end up dissapointed again..it was the complete opposite of a let down. I loooved this place and it was not as annoyingly busy and loud as Firefly.   We got spicy tune ceviche..amazing especially with the chip thingys they bring out with it, beef emenadas..the crust is super flaky and yummy, mac n cheese..SO good and surprisingly spicy, and the meatballs. Oh, and of course, a pitcher of Sangria..the red one. Our waiter even gave us a sample of the white sangria which was also good but we were all more into the red. I can't wait to go back here and try some more things on their menu!
Went here on a Friday night- very nice vibe, sangria and mojito were yummy (should've listened to our waitress and got a pitcher for $28 since we ended up ordering that much in drinks anyways!)  We liked the decor and feel of the restaurant- made us kinda feel like we were back home in SF at the XYZ Bar at the W Hotel.  We ordered beef tenderloin, lamb chops, mac n cheese and halibut ceviche.  The beef tenderloin was good, portion was fine for the two of us.  The mac n cheese was REALLY good.  The lamb chops were perfectly cooked and great flavor.  The ceviche was fresh and came with a shot glass of sauce that you can put the halibut in or on.  Overall, service was good we would come back for happy hour next time since we ended up spending a little over $100 for two...
My review is a little late coming but I really enjoyed Happy Hour when I was in Las Vegas for the final days of my campaign.  My work colleague and i decided to try Cana because of the 1/2 off mojitos.  I probably could have drank like 10 of them.  I tried the strawberry, original, cucumber mojitos.  DELICIOUS!  I had two strawberry. The small plates were also delectable.  Each had their own personality.  And we even ordered the churros for desert.   The waitress was awesome and one of the chefs even dropped by.  If I ever go back to vegas, I will definitely hit it up again.
I really, really, really wanted Cana's to be amazing and give me a new place to go for tapas...Fail. I went with a friend and sat at the bar to eat. We had to get the bartender's attention after being seated for about 5 mins, he was busy chatting with a friend at the other end of the bar. We ordered cocktails and our food, we ordered their Meatballs, Spring Rolls, Mac & Cheese, and the Dates. We ordered these because they're are favorites from Firefly so we could compare. And we thusly found out there was no comparison. Cana's offerings were ok, but nothing outstanding. The food really felt like someone was reading receipts out of a cookbook and attempting to add their own "flair". And along with the mediocre food was the mediocre bartender, he literally left us with empty glasses for 10mins until we could get ahold of his bar back and had him actually make us drinks.  Firefly is still the king of Tapas Eateries in Las Vegas for me, Cana's was a disappointment.
I'm extremely optimistic that this place will earn 5 stars on my next visit when I intend to order off their regular menu!  My father and I arrived for happy hour at 6 and were told it had just ended! Luckily the cordial manager Mike let us indulge in happy hour since their yelp ad lists happy hour from 4-7pm.  First off, their happy hour prices are so inexpensive!! I posted pictures of the menus- beer $3, Cocktails 4.50, and a glass of wine for $3.50? Absolutely awesome.  The watermelon gazpacho was pleasing, but the flavours weren't really intermingled well. One bite would be incredibly delicious, and the next sort of bland. I definitely wouldn't write it off though.  Our cocktails were the highlight; my father had Fire Water which was a really unique concoction that included Ctristal Aguardiente, a Columbian liquor. The Diablo Dulce was exactly that, spicy and sweet- and utterly satisfying. The Sugarcane sangria was really good, and really sweet; I asked our waitress and from her description of its ingredients, -maybe it should be called High Fructose Corn Syrup Sangria. Sierra Mist is the contributing sweetness : /  There was also an interesting selection of South American Beers!  Their Hamachi Tiradito was a winner, and entirely cooked as opposed to raw. Raw might have been more delicious, but sashimi isn't exactly tapas.
First time here. Decided to eat with friends after watching Harry Potter.  Cana Latin Kitchen bar dishes are served just like Firefly restaurant, in small servings so one dish will not fill you up. It's set that way so you can have the opportunity to taste other things on the menu without getting full.  Stepping inside, the atmosphere was dark and intimate, a good place to take out a date to talk and drink wine together. The LCD tv at the center of the bar kind of ruins that mood a bit though. Monday night football was on and no one was really paying attention to it because everyone was involved in their own intimate private conversation and having one tv in this type of setup just doesn't blend in well.  Despite having only one server that night, she was very attentive to everyone inside. I'll give the service a good review. I ordered the mixto ceviche (shrimp, scallop and calimari). The tortilla came separate with it which were served in potato chips size pieces.  Taste was ok but thats because I prefer my ceviche with a heavy lime taste.  I also ordered the fish taco which came in 3 small pieces.  I tasted my friends tuna ceviche too which I recommend to anyone that comes here. It was the best dish we had on our table.  So if you're ever around town square at night and on a movie date, stop by this place after. Great way to end a night if you don't feel like partying in the neighboring bars and just in a mood to have a quiet place to eat and have a conversation.
Ate here on a lazy Sunday afternoon. Nice easygoing ambiance with bold yet comforting modern decor of reds/browns/and touches of green. Attentive service and delicious tapas dishes. Highly recommend the Spicy Tuna Ceviche and the Cuban Sliders.   Note: check-in on 4square for a drink special !
Food was delicious, every item we had was fantastic. Took a while for the food to get to our table, and when it was busy we didn't see our server for about 25 minutes but it didn't ruin the experience. Overall I would recommend this place.
Had some time before a movie so we decided to try something other than our usual American fare at Town Square and Cana looked intrigueing.  Small plates of food give more chances to taste something different.  Order was: Hamachi  Chicken Empanadas Beef Empanadas Chicken Skewers Piggy Back Dates Crispy Shrimp Fish Tacos Short Rib Tacos  The Empanadas and Piggy Back Dates were the best things out of the selections.  I would come back just for those.  Everything else was ok but I wasn't feeling the Short Rib.  Cool place to try if you're looking for something a little different from Yardhouse or Cadillac Ranch.
Since we had time to kill before a flick we decided to eat here.  After all, tapas is a nice way to eat lots without feeling like a pig.  We ordered a plethora of dishes, and I have to say that this place is pretty good, but not great.  The only thing I really loved were their short rib tacos, but the meat was overpowered by some serious guava jelly.  if they just held back a bit on the jelly, that dish would bump my review up to a 4 star.  I did break a glass on my way out, but they were nice about it.  I can't say much about this place because the dishes were pretty but not memorable, with the exception of their short rib taco.    Would I go back?  Maybe.  I'll give it 6 months.
First, it is dark and you can't tell if it is even still in business when we were walking up. They need some sort of sign of life out front. We went here on a week night thinking it was Happy Hour menu. There were 3 of us. We ordered a ton of food wanting to try it all. And thinking Happy hour pricing. The server was training someone. You could tell they had both been drinking already. There were 3 tables in the restaurant and it was freezing in there. I wore my winter coat through the whole meal and still my teeth were chattering. The dynamic duo weren't sure if the the Beef Tenderloin Tiradito was available. We ordered Ceviche, tuna, dates, sliders, and short ribs, plus the beef tenderloin which we did not know if it was coming or not until it arrived. Usually tapas comes a few things at a time. Here it took forever and then BAM, it was all on the table. I have to say everything was delicious. I refused to share the beef tenderloin. The Sangria was very good too. After we ate we couldn't take anything as it doesn't travel well. So, don't overorder. The check came and we were surprised at the amount. My daughter had just been there the week before and they had Happy hour pricing at the time we were there. We asked the waitress what was going on with the check. She gave a long winded story about new specials and hours for Christmas shoppers. And went on forever, about lunch specials. Finally, we think she said they had changed the Happy Hours and we had missed it by 5 minutes. I know, we should have asked. But it is also good customer service to say "sorry you just missed Happy Hour". Especially since it changed from the previous week. We would have ordered the same anyway. It's the point that of all the 1000's of places in Vegas, we went there for food and Happy Hour. I am undecided if I will return. The service is the lowest. But the food is really good. For sure it won't be until summer. I hate eating in a winter coat. Maybe by summer they will have better service and people watching?
6 of us came out here tonight, a Monday night for happy hour, and we were happy.  We sat out on the patio to enjoy the nice night and because they only allowed happy hour specials at the bar/patio.  However, we would rather sit out there because it was just too dark in the dining area.  These are the tapas we ordered: -Mac and cheese with the habenero:  We all liked this very much that we  doubled the initial quantity.  The habenero gave this tapa a lil kick and was a wonderful compliment.  -Beef empanadas-this was everyone's favorite.  Was light and fluffy with ground beef and other spices in the middle...yum  -Chicken empanada-not as good as the beef empanadas, but is aight.  -Spicy tuna ceviche-one of us doesn't eat sushi/sashimi, but she thought this was delicious.  I honestly thought it was a bit too fishy while everyone else liked it.  -Hamachi tiradito-the citrus brought out the flavor of this fish.  Was light and refreshing.  Was one of everyone's favorite.  -Cuban Sliders-ham on top of pork, was kinda boring to me.  I like cuban sandwiches when there is a dipping sauce.  This one doesn't come with a dipping sauce.  -Crispy Shrimp-one said that this reminds her of honey walnut shrimp, I didn't care too much for it.  The shrimps were tiny.  -Beef taco-Better than the fish, not as good as the chicken taco.  The portion seem to be tiny for the amount of pickled cabbage given.  -Chicken taco-Taste the best out of the three kinds of taco.  The pickled purple cabbage and a slice of jalapeno tasted very good with this chicken taco.  -Fish taco-least favorite...the fish was BORING.  Didn't taste like much.  -Churros-Everyone loved this desert.  It was so soft and fluffy, with a nice vanilla sauce (I think) drizzled on top of it.  Not a typical churro that one would get at El Pollo Loco, which I like too btw.  Sopapillas-Eh.  Whatevers.  A rectangular baked dough on a dish of honey and powdered sugar.    Sugarcane sangria-This was GOOD.  Even for non-drinkers as myself.  Was very fruity with fruit pulp.    Blackberry mojito-Was on the tart side.  No one liked this pitcher very much...  So, happy hour is definitely the time to go to try out many different tapas and drink the sugarcane sangria.  I will come back!
So this is my first yelp and I have read reviews on this site for quite sometime....one thing you will always get from me is an open mind and minimum negativity unless it is truly called for....for cana latin kitchen I will start first off by saying that this....raquel was our server....she was the only one on the floor and kept us happy.....her reccomendations we welcomed with open arms....go see her and I'm sure you will make a night of it for you....  We started first of course with some drinks. My boo ordered a strawberry basil margherita....when I asked her if she liked it she simply replied "this shit is hella good, I'm getting another!!" I order a cucumber mojito...I like a stiff drink but mine was a little rough....I won't judge it on that as I'm sure every other one they make is excellent. I sent mine back and had it replaced with the diablo dulce. It was different it had some rum pineapple juice habenero and garlic....I'm sure there was some other stuff but I'm a little fuzzy writing this at the moment. We went on to order the chicken empanadas....they were excellent....get them....they were the perfect amount of flaky and crunchy....not too much oil....after that we had the spicy tuna chiviche....it was good as well....big chunks of. We had the "hamachi" as well...that was excellent....cut like sashimi but cooked in citrus juice. We were up for more....we decided to ask rauqel what she liked....she said the dates....I said no thanks we are already on one haha (that was corny but who cares its fun)...we ordered the dates and calamari.....the dates were awsome...super sweet and wrapped in bacon....that calamari was just calamari....not too special...we finished off with the short rib tacos......if you decide to visit caña order those for sure....they are good....we were stuffed.....good food, good atmosphere,  and pretty unique drinks......its all reasonable tapas pricing too....go to townsquare and try it if you haven't before. You will be pleased.
I love Cana's mojitos which are muddled with fresh fruit and real sugar cane. I've also tried the caparinha which is also really good. Every time my friends and I come here, we either get the empanadas, beef tenderloin, slider dogs, classico ceviche, tuna ceviche, or the fish tacos.  Happy Hour prices are amazing. You can eat pretty well for fairly cheap. The service has ALWAYS been excellent here.
We were a little skeptical at first - was told we were limited to the (small) lunch menu. However our server asked the chef who agreed to let us order from the dinner menu if there was something we were interested in (our group of 5). Ceviche-tapas style items were all very good and we were quite pleased. We stayed inside because it was a bit cold outside, but the view (of Townsquare) from the deck looked nice. We would consider going back again some time (we are locals).
Oh, Cana...how I LOVE thee...  I'm telling you, every thing about this place is amazing.  Not only the food is delicious, the drinks are unique and yummy, the decor is modern and comfortable, and the staff is very helpful when it comes to explaining the menu and giving suggestions.  I was introduced to this place in November 2010 and have been there 6 times.  This says a lot, because my boyfriend and I eat out often and it's hard to find a place that makes me want to come back time after time.    Cana's tapas are ALL delicious.  Beef empanadas, halibut, tuna ceviche, tacos, CHURROS!!  Oh my goodness, I need to go there for dinner!  LOL!  Anyways, their drinks are also amazing.  Fresh sugarcane...lime...DELICIOUS and consistently good every time!!  Cana truly is a gem!  Go!  Now...do it.
This place was great - good food, drinks (caipirinha) , happy-hour, and location.  Tried to go there the other night.  Why, oh why, did it close???
Closed. RIP.  Firefly was just too entrenched in Las Vegas...
Love this place!  Great food and friendly people! Wasn't as good the second time
I'm not sure if I'd give this place 4 stars or 3 stars. I really wish we could do 1/2 stars.   Went here for DINNER last night with some friends.   Ambiance:  low lighting, dark woods, modern feel, one big open room with tables plus outdoor patio seating which looked like it would be a great way to go in the Fall and Spring... they had cool (I thought they were cool) paper-like, scrunched lanterns hanging from the ceiling   Menu:  2-page menu.... 1-page for drinks and 1-page for food  What's cool is that they keep it simple but it's not a far reaching menu like some other tapas places I've been to... and if you're vegetarian this is NOT the place for you... I think there were 2 items on the menu that did not have meat or were meat based   Downside: (and this is why I'd give them 3 stars) they were out of a number of items  - out of all but 2 wines  - out of 2 of the 8 beers  - out of the short rib tacos and some other dish that I can't remember   Taste:  Excellent... everything we ordered was very tasty and well executed with a flair for presentation.  Note: the portions are not super big.... so each plate is good for 2 people... we often ordered multiples.   Enjoyed the Tuna Ceviche... Chicken Empanadas (now these were on the big side).... Chicken Tacos... Fish Tacos... Crispy Shrimp   Dessert:  WOW! If you like bread pudding... or even if you are just mildly interested.... try their Banana Bread Pudding.... YUM! It doesn't look like much when it comes out... but then you take a bite. Oh MY! :)  We also ordered the Churros which were more like Cinnamon twists.. nevertheless... very good as well and I dipped the churros in the sauce the BBP came in... oh Yea!   Service:  Our waiter was cool.... super busy as it seemed like he was only 1 of 2 guys taking care of all the tables and it was a pretty busy night... almost all the tables were filled plus a big party of 10  The hostess was ... I guess... I'd say indifferent... she wasn't mean but she wasn't friendly either so....   Drinks:  I ordered the raspberry mojito... and to me ... it was way too sweet... I personally think it needed more rum and less sugarcane but that's me. Plus they muddled the heck out of it so that there weren't pieces of fruit swimming around as I had expected... I like the chunks of fruit in my muddled mojito... I know... I'm strange.   The white sangria however was FABULOUS... it too was sweet but in a different way. I know... that doesn't make sense... so let's just say this drink would be perfect for sitting by the pool .... refreshing and delightful.   All in all... we'll go back... it's different from the norm and I want to try their Red Sangria.
Had a fun UYE get-together with Brian S. & Norm R. today to give this little Venezuelan cafe a try.  I had a Carne Esmechada Patacon, which is a sandwich with slices of plantain for the top & bottom, fried crisp.  (A plantain is something like a huge banana.)  Inside was a moderate amount of shredded beef & some other things.  It was good, but it cost $6, & for a full-sized meal you would have to add a couple of other things in the $4 range, & end up at about $15 for your lunch!  For half the price, I would give it twice as many Stars.
I don't have much to compare it to, since this is the only Venezulan restaurant I know of in AZ.  It's very small, definitely family-run, with what looks to be the adolescent son taking orders and bringing out drinks.  The young man who seems to be the owner shares the space with Rosati's.    My foodie group saw a write-up of this place in the newspaper so we decided to trek out to Mesa.  It was pretty darn good, especially for the price!  They were out of Guayanes (the newspaper had recommended this arepa) so we ordered three other arepas.  In case you don't know, an arepa is a corn fritter type sandwich.  We had the queso de ano, which appeared to have a salty cheese and potato in it.  It was very yum.  We had reina pepiada arepa, which was  like a mayonaise-y chicken salad with avocado- we didn't care that much for it.  But the Pabellon arepa with fried plantain, shredded beef, and black beans was a hit.  We also had the pabellon plate which was quite yummy with the best fried plantains I've ever had.  Oddly, the rice was a bit hard and dry. The cachapas jamon and queso de mano was a favorite with my fellow foodies- kind of like a pancake sandwich with ham and cheese.  We finished with the quesillo (tastes exactly like flan to me) which was very good.  I'd say it's a bit of a drive for some of us, but it's definitely worth checking out.  Not for those looking for heart-healthy eats!
Trying out an unfamiliar cuisine is always an adventure, and my first experience of Venezuelan food was a pleasant adventure. Rand H., Brian S. and I decided to make this our final restaurant to try out for the year 2009. I had the arepa guayanes, a dish consisting of mild cheese in a corn-based flatbread (I ordered it baked, not fried). I also tried the empanada carne esmechada, a deep-fried turnover filled with savory shredded beef. Both were good and made for quite a filling meal, but I couldn't resist trying the quesillo pedaso. It was flan-like, but much denser - perhaps not the most appropriate choice of dessert after the relatively heavy meal. The restaurant is very basically appointed and is tucked in a somewhat hard-to-find nook of a commercial shopping area, seemingly attached to Rosati's next door. The main sign consists of a not-so-large banner on the facade of the restaurant so you might have to look for it a bit, but it's worth the effort.
I must say I really wasn't impressed. Saw this place on hot on yelp while cruising to get some fry bread and decided to try it the very next day.   I ordered the carne esmechada arepa and the jamon empanada. The arepa was tasty but really, really oily. By the time I got it back ot my office the oil had soaked through the wrapper and the bag (which I am usually fine with). But even after I got it out of the bag it was still dripping enough oil to run down my forearms. The empanada was drastically less inviting than that. It tasted like a small shovel full of beach sand, gritty and salted beyond recognition with almost no meat inside.  I give them props for trying to bring new food to this area but I still probably won't be back....
We are from Venezuela and we Love this restaurant! We couldn't find our typical food in Az, but this Restaurant bring us the opportunity to experience it again. I have brought Colombian and Venezuelan friends and all of them love it!  Specially the Arepa de Pabellon, Cachapa and the Patacon! And for drink you have to try the Papelon con Limon and the Chicha.  Friendly owners and staff !
As I was eating my Cachapa I couldn't help but think of the absent minded professor and his memorable creation, flubber.  Man, this thing had a ton of cheese....too much.  Not my favorite meal but a great spot to add some international color and flair to the neighborhood.
I went there the other night for dinner.  Granted, I was there early but other than two people sitting talking in the restaurant, there was nobody there.   I ordered a Chicken Arepa, Shredded Beef Empanada, and the Ground Beef Pastelito.   The kid who took my order behind the counter said it would take 15 to 20 minutes.  I couldn't figure out why it would take so long-maybe they had a lot of take out orders for pizza (they share the same kitchen with Rosati's).  Instead of taking 15 to 20 minutes, I'm waiting there around 30 minutes, the kid has disappeared, and once in awhile, I see some other guys in the back.  They must know I am waiting, but not once does anyone come out and tell me that my order will be out shortly.  Finally, some other guy who looks like he could be the boss asks me what I ordered.  I tell him, and he brings out my bag, which seemed to have been sitting there for who knows how long.  It seemed hot so I left and did not complain.  As far as the food, never having had an Arepa before, I was not too impressed.  It was somewhat bland and it tasted like a taco.  The empanada was incredibly greasy.  The Pastelito was the best-the ground beef was tasty.  I might go back and try some other items on their menu but they need to improve on their customer service especially when there is virtually no one in their restaurant.
I went to My Arepa for the first time today and was not happy. I tried the reina pepiada arepa and as someone already mentioned, the arepa was dripping in oil...I ordered it to go and by the time I got home (about 10 min) it was super cold and the arepa had soaked up all the oil and it was very unpleasant to eat. The prices don't seem bad at all and the staff was very courteous however I doubt I would give them a second try...sorry!
I had dinner here tonight with friend and fellow yelper John M. Rather than ordering individual items, we decided to try a half bandeja: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/NSmTvGgirPJ4mJ9jzNW-eA?select=3WQJvXTP_2auQSAcnL_k0g (a full bandeja feeds 4 people), which turned out to be a very good choice. The savory array in the bandeja included tostones, rice, carotas negras (black beans), fried eggs, blood sausage, chorizo, grilled steak, shredded beef, avocado halves, sweet fried plantains ... and an arepa, of course. If you come here with company, I highly recommend the half or full bandeja (depending on the number of people in your party) - it's a lot of really good food and you get to try an array of dishes that go very well together.
2.5 stars ... Hard to find...it's part of the pizza delivery restaurant next door.  We found this place from my wife's friend.  Tequenos (breaded dough with queso blanco in the middle) (cheese sticks) were very good! Comes with a garlic sour cream dipping sauce.  Could probably eat these all day!  The Pabellon Empanada had great flavor.  The Cachapas (grilled sweet corn cake) was not great.  I had the Shredded beef and soft cheese.  The soft cheese was still cold and not very soft.    My wife got the Vegeterian Patacon (cole slaw, cheese, and "pink sauce") and a Domino (cheese and bean) Empanada. The Domino was good, but the Patacon was not...its cole slaw had too much mayo and the bun is a deep fried plantain...was far too oily to eat.  Our problem was probably the amount of oil that our bodies aren't used to.
Look for the Rositos Pizza sign, they share the building in a strip mall. We had a groupon and this place had high recommendations from a friend so we checked it out.  We had the trio sampler and subbed tostones for more maduros (cooked plantains)--by recommendation. They were yummy! My boyfriend and I shared a arepa pabellon (shredded beef) and an empanada pollo. Both were delicioso!! Topped off the meal with a quesillo, which is basically heavenly flan. Overall, great place to eat some authentic Venezuelan food!
I purchased a Groupon for My Arepa and was so excited. I now work in Queen Creek, which is apparently the 'flavor' desert. I could barely decide what to try here w/all the different tastes! I settled on the Shredded Beef Patacón-I loved that it was on plaintains! The Arepa Reina Pepiada-good and solid, and the Hamon Pepiada, basically just slices of folded ham-kinda plain for my tastes, but still solid. Of course, I loved that these were corn meal instead of the same old bun! Oh, I didn't add the pink sauce onto the shredded beef-it reminded me of Thousand Island dressing, but maybe I will next time. Also, there's mention of 'very nice people'. That's def true. I met Juan-good guy-he even shook my hand, twice! I'll go back. Actually, I have to-they forgot my custard pie in my take-out order. Major disappointment, but at least the food was tasty and filling! I could see how it could get pricey, though. :)
The 14" sandwiches are ridiculous but the owner is getting ready to cut them down to 12" and he seemed interested in maybe offering a half sandwich as a lunch special. Extremely tasty and the french bread is awesome. Lots of other choices on the menu, this place is going to be really popular.
Jumped on the groupon offered last week for My Arepa.  I had very high hopes.  Tried the Grilled Meat Medley ($14). There was this gristly carne asada thing in there, along with a small link of chorizo, and a blood sausage. None of these sausages were sufficient in size, and neither was the wad of hyde they tried to pass off as "steak". There was also a few lumps of fried yucca. Those were alright.  Also ordered a few Arepas ($4-6 each).  They were the size of a McDonald's cheeseburger.. the corn bread the meat sat on was OMG SO DRY AND STALE, and the filling inside (meat + gouda) was greasy, bland, and gloppy. This is some really overpriced, sad food. No me gusta!
The arepas are to die for and the food is great! So many flavors with authentic venezulan food to have! A great place for date and everything for example 2 delicious arepas for $8 that'll fill u up (basically Latin sandwich) so go there!
I never would have found this place without my Venezuelan friends but they swore that it was the most authentic Venezuelan food around... and they would certainly know.      I now love Chicha although it will kill any diet plan you may have since its full of sweet condensed milk, rice and cinnamon.  Definitely more of a dessert than a drink! Naturally the arepas (closest equivalence to a hamburger) are phenomenal (making My Arepa's name very appropriate).  Since My Arepa popped my Venezuelan cuisine cherry, my native friends ordered just about everything on the menu so I could sample it all.  I have to admit that everything dangerously good! Especially the arepas, empanadas, chicha and flan.   It must be authentic... no true/typical customer service...the waitstaff yelling across the tiny restaurant and my table shouting out orders and questions back into the kitchen... not your typical waiter/waitee relationship :)   But I wouldn't have wanted it any other way!   Make sure you know some Spanish, have Spanish speaking friends, or are just willing to point on the menu and hope for the best. No matter what your finger lands on, you'll be happy!
I went to My Arepa with a friend on our monthly "ethnic dinner" night and used a Groupon coupon. They (literally) share a space with a pizza place which was a little odd, but at the same time, this could be nice if you were going with a picky, non-adventurous eater.  I ordered the Mango Juice which was fantastic. I don't know if it is sweetened or not, but it was wonderful.  My friend ordered the Chicken Pabellon Plate (black beans, plantains, white rice, and seasoned, shredded chicken) and I ordered the regular Pabellon Plate (everything the same except it comes with seasoned, shredded beef). The beef Pabellon was awesome... perfectly seasoned, no gristle, and super tender. The beans were over-salted, but still good and the plantains were sweet and tasty. My friend also enjoyed her chicken variation.  Since we both aren't big on oily foods, we decided to share an Arepa and let the waiter suggest one since there were several varieties to choose from. He recommended (baked, not fried) The Blonde (chorizo and cheese in an Arepa). The chorizo was very good... definitely some of the best tasting chorizo I've ever had. The arepa was interesting - I think I would have liked it a lot more if it wasn't so oily.  Overall, I really enjoyed this restaurant and know I'm going to be going back because I'm going to be craving that seasoned, shredded beef and Mango Juice. Yummy stuff!
I had never really had Venezuelan food, and was eager to try a few unique dishes.  I had the patacon, which is a sandwich using fried plantain for the "bread" instead of actual bread.  The pork I had with it was slow cooked, juicy, and tender, while the fried plaintains were the perfect amount of crispiness, yet not so brittle that it would break into pieces after taking a bite of the sandwich.  The more standard sandwiches are very good as well, and are very large, with lots of ingredients inside.
This is my first time using Groupon. It's one way to enjoy various cultural experiences without investing too much money just in case. Obviously the restaurant can well benefit from the exposure without costing them too much. It's $20 voucher that I've paid $10 ahead. The restaurant only got $5 I believe. And I did Yelp! extensively before hitting the BUY button.  I understand that it's hard to find authentic foods in USA. Everything is Americanized for one reason or the other. Most Americans I know (not those that I don't know) can't handle strange taste, texture, weirdness, repulsion, and various dislikes. And I know that it's hard to get the same fresh or processed ingredients and spices from home countries.  Those are my pet peeves alright. And there is one more before I get onto the review. Comparison can be deadly.  I have tried Latin American foods (including Yucatan, Oaxaca, Belizean). So my knowledge is nil on Venezuelan foods. But I do have taste buds and experiences from various food cultures.  Overall. It sucked. I was referring to the taste, variety, and uniqueness. It didn't worth my dime. My friend and I had the Media Bandeja (1/2 the regular portion) for $25. The big plates came with 2 big serving of steamed white rice, 2 small cups of black beans sprinkled with cheese, half an ordinary avacado, 2 fried eggs (Chinese style, I cooked that all the time), 2 plain arepas (round flat breads), one chorizo sausage, one blood sausage, 2 scopes of shredded beef, one small steak, few green plantains, and few sweet plantains.  The blood sausage tasted like burned tired. I had blood pudding much tastier and smoother and more colorful that that. I grew up with blood pudding. Yummy!!! That maybe the reason that I'm vicious now. Heed my warning, it's not good for cholesterol.  The steak had tasty flavor; it's ordinary though. I believe it's 5 oz shrunk to 3 oz. The shredded beef reminds me of sloppy Joe. It's OK for the taste. The sweet plantains are regular fried plantains as found in some Chinese buffets or regular dessert menu. It's good for the sweetness but nothing more than that in this restaurant.  If you give me a steam bun or silver thread roll (both are steamed rice dough), I can tell how much salt it contains, the chewing satisfaction, the freshness, and the steamed distinct aroma. And I can eat it plain. Arepas? What's that? It's an tasteless, odorless, chewy carb that didn't excite my taste buds a bit. Boring!!! Honestly, I had no clue how special it was supposed to be. It tasted better after I stuffed avocado and shredded beef inside.  The green plantains were like hard cardboard. Fried carb without taste, but it has a green tinted color.  My friend also ordered Tequenos (fried breaded cheese sticks)... really tiny for $1 each. Chinese egg rolls ($1 each) are twice as big and they are greaser and tastier. (I ain't a size queen).  The Empanada Ham Queso was so tiny with 2-bite size for $4. Come on... are you kidding me!!! Calzones are more complicated and much bigger with ham and cheese and more ingredients, for similar price. (Again, I ain't a size queen).  My point is that it's so ordinary that I couldn't see the cost value especially for Bandeja. I can serve up the same plates at home with minimal cost. I know the restaurant needs to earn money for cooking, serving, paying wages, and renting the space.  We were the only table that night. The wait service was ordinary... between a bus boy and minimalist. The ambient was plain... and not a place you expect to pay $40 for two (before Groupon).  So diners, I enjoy a chance to have a different cultural experience. You should give it a try. Due to a lack of familiarity, the foods tasted bland and boring. I don't feel like gaining any new knowledge except a few words on the foods. I feel like they were serving home cooked meals or peasant foods as ambrosia and they charged accordingly. That's my problem with this restaurant. And I have a totally different experience than the Yelpers here.
Discovered this restaurant last week through Groupon, and have been there twice in a week already with friends and family.   The food is outstanding. The owner admits to using ingredients he personally likes and delivers them with passion.  The beverages remind me to home. I personally suggest the Parchita (a yellow passion fruit juice).   I also suggest their Sancocho (soup) and Tawny Arepa (blood sausage arepa).   The place might be hard to find. Look for the Rosati's, it's right next door.
The food was fantastic and the gentleman waiting on us gave incredible service! He even humored my broken Spanish! I cannot wait to go back.
Tasty food, though hard to come out with something that isn't fried.  If you're looking for some VE food in the greater metro area, here's a decent stop.  The drinks they make are quite excellent, though overpriced in my mind's eye.  The two of us both enjoyed our food - arepas and patacon - very fresh and tasteful.  I'd eat here again if I was in the area and wanted some comfort food.
I love international food and I am constantly trying it everywhere I go. Venezuelan food is that type of food that you either love very much or find no pleasure in eating it. This is also a type of food that you can find restaurants galore in Miami, New york City and L.A.   I have several Venezuelan friends so I know exactly what a good Arepa tastes like, or a cachapa, hallacas, empanadas, etc.   I decided to go to My Arepa because I had been craving for some Arepas and cachapas so I decided to pick up my mom and went to try this place.   The place looks okay!! As long as it looks pretty clean, I am okay with the rest. So this place looked clean to me.   I ordered a Parchita (Passion fruit drink). It was good and refreshing. $3   Then, I ordered Arepas (one of queso de mano-soft cheese and another one of Shredded beef). $4 each! They were okay but please agree with me that the price is too high for an arepa!!!   My mom ordered a cheese and ham empanda for $4 and an arepa.   I ordered cachapas (sweet corn cakes) for my kids. They are sweet and fluffy. I ordered them with soft cheese for $6 each! They were good but the price is TOO high!! These are probably the most expensive Cachapas I've eaten in my life. Not even in L.A. or Miami were that expensive...why is that? I don't know yet!!   And lastly, I ordered Hallacas to go (a tamal like cake filled with all kinds of vegetables and wrapped in banana leaves). They were $8 each and I must say that I've eaten better ones. They usually sell them frozen to go because it is my understanding that someone from Florida makes them for the owner. So they are not fresh and it is obvious!!!   Overall, the place is good but I would only go back if I am really craving Venezuelan food and don't feel like cooking it myself. The prices are outrageous I think. I also double check with my Venezuelan friends and they also think the prices are high!!!
Sometimes when I try a new place (for us) with a Groupon I come away disappointed. Not at My Arepa. I haven't had Venezuelan food before so I'm not comparing but this is a really nice place. The server (owner?) is so nice explains the foods and combinations. The foods is tasty although less spicy than I expected. Next time we're in the area we'll go again.
Great home cooked latin food,  very very tasty, good plaintains, fresh cheese, amazing Blood sausage,   Their shakes even better!!!!!   A true Latin American wonder.
Boiled everything, soggy tostones, arepas bland, Rosatis and My Arepa are sharing kitchen and dining area? Weird.? Overpriced for what it is.   Hard to order, awkward, also dry blood sausage
I wanted to love this place so bad considering I've lived in Venezuela and hadn't tasted some of this country's food in over 17 years.  However it pains me to write that I was pretty disappointed.  The server, who is assume owned the restaurant, is a very nice guy but forgot my stepson's food and didn't realize until 15 mins after he dropped off our food.  My cachapa was burnt and dripping with butter.  Don't get me wrong, cachapas usually are rockin with butter but this was oozing everywhere.  The arepa was pretty decent and the only saving light of the meal but overall this experience left me wanting more.
The food was really good but took a while to come out of the kitchen. The  arepas were good blood  sausage was kinda dry.   You order at the small window on the wall in the dinning room not at the counter as that is Rosati's.
When I walked in I was immediately confused because they share a space with Rosati's and the My Arepa counter is pretty inconspicuous. I waited at the counter to pick up my food until someone came up. I called in my order and it took 40 minutes from when I placed my order for me to get my food - this was late afternoon after lunch and they weren't busy. So if you want to carry out I'd advise to call far in advance.  I ordered the arepas sampler with a ground beef, black beans, gouda cheese, chorizo, and carne asada arepa. I wanted a couple of arepas with shredded beef but they were out of the shredded beef (boo!) so I tried the ground beef and gouda cheese instead. On the side I ordered black beans and rice. The rice didn't have any flavor...I don't know anything about Venezuelan food so maybe the rice is meant to be that way.  The black beans were aaah-mazing. They were the highlight of the entire meal. I found the carne asada to be a little dry and chewy but the avocado sauce on it was delicious. The ground beef (which I thought was going to be bland and boring) was actually very tasty. The ground beef was clearly seasoned and maybe mixed with tomato sauce?  I had a groupon which is why I ordered so much food at once but I had no idea how much food I was really getting. I do think the rice and beans were pricey for the size, but what I thought would be two meals turned into four meals. I am all about leftovers!  I would like to go back and try the shredded beef arepas and the many other menu items.
Food was just OK. Service was lousy. I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas. I should have stayed at work and eat my stuffers pizza & take a nap. Very dissapointed!!!!!!
I went here with a friend today for lunch as they had a Groupon Now deal for 15$ for 20$. We got a variety of foods. We had two arepas- one with the medium cheese and one with chorizo because they were out of the pibil... These were not that good. Especially considering that the place is named after them. The bread was tough and the fillings were lackluster. The cheese arepa was just not very good... the cheese was cold, which was off-putting. The chorizo was not much better. We also got a chicken empanada  which was also kind of bland. This was better than the arepa, but it definitely isn't something that I would want again.... Now for the good parts, we had a shredded beef cachapa, which had a sweeter and thinner corn 'bread' and this was delicious! I would definitely come back for this! Finally, we tried the tequenos and these were really good too. So there are definitely highs and lows.... but I think it's at least worth a try.
Wow wow wow! I never thought I would find an arepa place in Mesa, AZ! This place delivers quality food with great service. The owner himself sat us at our table and offered to explain the menu. He even made suggestions for what to eat.   I have only had Venezuelan food in California, but this place did not let me down. I went during a weird hour so the restaurant was empty. This allowed for prompt service and more attention. The arepas were made fresh and come either baked or fried. I went with the baked option and was thoroughly impressed. The sauces are delicious so don't pass those up (especially the green creamy sauce and the white garlic sauce). I also had an empanada, which was delicious too!   I would highly recommend coming here...it is a good alternative to the standard Mexican fare that is offered all over AZ.
Can't comment on the food.  After 20 minutes and no server we left. Too bad my wife and I enjoying new dishes.  Not recommended!
Based on the Yelp reviews I read, I went into My Arepa with low expectations. I expected the service to be slow and the food to be tasteless. I was very pleasantly surprised. Our food took about 10 minutes to come. This was my first experience with Venezuelan food, so I asked the server would he'd recommend. Based on that I ordered a a chicken and a beef arepa w/black beans and rice. The beef was more flavorful than the chicken. Two people under $20, i'll go back. I liked the fact that it was quiet in there.
I can't believe this place is right around the corner from me....it's so good! The flavors were wonderful...not too garlicky or heavy..... I can't say that the arepas or empanadas tasted *exactly* like I have had in Venezuela itself, but they were still pretty good! (it's hard to make food taste like it does in another country)   We had great service! The owner was super friendly, we got to talking about Venezuelan rums and he ran and pulled out an old bottle to show us. He was super nice! Our food was served promptly (maybe they've been reading reviews!), and everything was delicious (including that green sauce the empanadas come with...tho, they didn't even need it!)   Only bummer thing was, I wanted to try the sancocho, but the owner says they only make it on weekends. Good news for me is that he is going to make chicken sancocho this weekend, and I'm right around the corner!  I also can't wait to go back and try some of their breakfast plates (looked so good!) which they happen to serve all day (yay!)
I haven't been in a few months but I was so so so excited to hear about a Venezuelan restaurant I Mesa, I used to live there and miss the food terribly.  Most things were spot on, the plantains with white cheese I have never personally seen to buy at the stores, the arepas were good, the empanadas were good although the dough was thicker than what I would buy in the streets in Venezuela, so I was kind of disappointed in that but the thing that I really wanted was the green sauce that all empanada stands have and when I asked for some I got green sauce but nothing like the delicious stands in Venezuela.  I will say I was very impressed with how close the food was to what I used to eat daily.  If you don't like this place, you probably would not want to spend much time in Venezuela, cause this is it.
The restaurant was much to be desired.  Food was bland. The empanadas was a good size but a minimal amount of meat was in the empanadas itself.
Self Disclosure: I am a friend of the owners and, as part of the Venezuelan community, have spent a lot of time with them as well as at the restaurant.   That aside, a lot of people are giving 2 and 3 stars without realizing some things:  1. Our cuisine is very different. Trying to compare it to Mexican or Chinese is moot because A) it is not at all similar and B) these are widely available and thus price is a competing point. If you've had Panamanian or Columbian food then you can draw comparisons, but the region is pretty unique otherwise. Yes, it is greasy; but that's exactly how it is back home. It might help to point out that we're used to eating where we order instead of driving with our food. 2. A lot of the ingredients are imported. Most are very hard to find in the area, and in fact most simply were not available 1 or 2 years ago when the restaurant opened. Thus, the ingredients are expensive and you pay a premium for that. 3. The food is authentic. It says a lot that every time I go I run into a Venezuelan I know. Heck, every once in a while they have parties in there and it doesn't feel like you're in the U.S. If you don't like that's fine, but you can't really tell me it isn't authentic.  This is mostly for the people that are thinking about going. Like any other dining experience you should approach it with an open mind. Ask Moises and tell him what you like and don't like and it'll make the dining experience that much better.
I read about this place in Phoenix Magazine. I drive by this all the time, but never noticed it, hidden as it is in a non-descript strip mall.   Three of us went and we ordered a ton of stuff. None of us had ever tried Venezuelan food, and we wanted to try as many things as possible. Here is what we had: Arepas Sampler, patacon, pepito (one pork and one steak), Parilla Argentina, chachaps, fried yucca and one or two other things. We shared this stuff, and took a lot home. Portions are pretty generous. Our least favorite items were the pepitos, which are essentially big sub sandwiches. Not bad, but not up to par with the rest of the food, which ranged from good to awesome. I discovered that I love south American chorizo (I think they sell either the Columbian or Argentinian variety).  Now this place does not look like much. It is connected to Rosatti's Pizza for some reason; I assume they have the same owner. I'm pretty sure our waiter was going back and forth between restaurants. That said, once you get your food drinks refills are self-serve anyway, so no big deal.   In all, a very memorable experience and one that I recommend to the slightly adventurous Yelper.
This place was awesome! We tried what we felt were their best offerings. The tequenyos, domino empanada, pabellon arepa, gouda chachapa, and the pabellon patacon. You want to eat the pabellon patacon! The gouda chachapa was also a home run. Can't wait to go back!
I tried this place for lunch one day, and it was... just okay.   I tried a cheese arepa and a beef arepa, after being told by the waiter that one wasn't enough for lunch. The beef was pretty good, but overall I was unimpressed--the arepas were unreasonably greasy and the cheese was chewy to the point of being almost inedible. Also I was not thrilled with the idea of paying $13 for lunch with no sides that wasn't all that wonderful.   I won't be back, but not because I had a terrible experience--I didn't. It just wasn't... good.
I've been meaning to try this place for over year. I'm sorry I didn't try it sooner. Today I tried the Deep Fried Cheese and the Shredded Beef Patacon.  The deep fried cheese wasn't really my thing, I was expecting more of a mozeralla stick than whatever it was that they brought out.  Chances are it was made perfect and just not my kind of thing so no negative rating there.  The Patacon however was amazing, I'm planning on buying deep fried plantains and carrying them around with me everywhere I go so I can substitute them from bread at other delicious restaurants like Z-Cafe.
Great arepas, friendly staff. We went during a Venezuelan Christmas concert, which was fun and entertaining. I will definitely go back if I'm ever in Mesa again.
I took my family to My Arepa last weekend. It had been recommended by a local writer and we wanted to check it out. My kids ate from the kids menu (hamburger and chicken tenders). My wife really enjoyed the Queen of Queens (Reina Pepiada), which is an arepa with chicken and avocado. I tried the shredded chicken arepa and the ground beef cachapas. The cachapas is made with a sweet corn bread while the arepa is more like a pancake/tortilla combination. Our favorite part was the tequenos which were bread with cheese fillings. Although we thought they were fried, we were thrilled that they were not served that way and were VERY tasty to us and our young kids. We will encourage our friends to try this place out. Definitely a good alternative to the normal fast food fare of Phoenix.
The food was pretty good, but there was a hair in my sandwich. I obviously couldn't finish, I was very disappointed!
Stopped in here with my boyfriend tonight after we visited Bookman's. He had never had Venezuelan food and was excited at the prospect of deep-fried gluten free empanadas. My Arepa shares a storefront with Rosati's pizza, which made the entrance sort of odd. To order or be seated, go to the window straight ahead once you walk in the door. We were the only people in the restaurant, which always makes me sad at local businesses.   We got two tamarindos to drink and WOW! I was expecting my standard Mexican drive-thru tamarindo but these were to die for. They were made fresh and full of flavor. Can't wait to try some of their other aguas frescas.   I, the vegetarian, ordered a veggie arepa and domino arepa, made with black beans and queso. They were both flavorful and the arepa itself was delicious, but the veggie was the stand out winner, made with sweet plantain, avocado, and queso.  SO ordered the Casaba Parilla plate with steak, yucca, and avocado sauce and a chicken empanada. The flavors of the steak were right on, but the meat was too tough for his taste. The empanada, he said, tasted amazing. Overall, this place is highly recommended: excellent service, and the flavors are very unique! We will be back.
This is the real deal.  The arepas are wonderful although I personally never leave without eating a "carne mechada empanada".  Out of this world.  The restaurant itself is not glamorous and the service can be spotty but the food is well worth a try.  For a Venezuelan away from Venezuela, it's a little reminder of "home".
Terrific service in a comfortable environment and delicious Venezuelan food at a fair price.  Looking forward to a second visit... I wonder why more restaurant managers aren't this excited about their food?
Best venezuelan place, i have try food from many Venezuelan restaurants in US and i found the best one here in Phoenix AZ. Not even miami (Doral) has a place that got the real taste from my country, try the bandeja veneZolana but make sure to be hungry cuz is huge also try the tres leche for dessert.
I am a fan of the cuisine, and I totally wanted to love this place.  ...But it seemed like it's maybe just a hobby of someone's to have the restaurant open?  Very sparse "decorating" inside.  The space is shared with a Rosati's pizza location and our waiter (the only waiter) was wearing a Rosati's t-shirt.  If I had to guess, the owners are Venezuelan and wanted a spot to eat w/ their friends, but they don't do enough business on their own to support it, so they got into a Rosati's franchise as well.  Perhaps I'm off-base?  Who knows...on to the food:  I ordered the sweet plantains (maduros) to start.  These came with cheese which I didn't expect, wasn't told about, and cost more than the plain ones.  In case you were wondering, they taste weird with cheese, so I scraped that off.  I also tried a queso blanco empanada which didn't have much filing to it.  But, the accompanying salsa/dip was amazing.  My arepa, their namesake, was just so-so.  I've had arepas before, so I had something specific I was expecting, I guess.  I got the veggie (avocado, more cheese, and sweet plantain).  The cake portion seemed underdone, as I have in the past had them more cooked, almost with a nice slight char to them.  To me, this missed on some of the flavor.  My dining companion tried to order the Pabellon empanada (I think) and it was not available (at noon on a weekday with only 1 other table seating diners) so he got the Pabellon in arepa form.  He seemed pleased with his meal, it being his first time getting Venezuelan food.  All in all, a mostly satisfactory meal, but I don't know that I'd go out of my way to eat here again.
The food was very good! I will gladly be getting food from them again!
Appears to be out of business. The door was locked and the phone was disconnected.
Ordered food. It was alright. I will say I'm not huge on large amounts of salt and my sandwich was super salty. Upside the food was hot and the delivery person was very nice.
The food was good and it was my first time going there with my husband, who is Colombian.  We had 3 dishes:  the ham arepa, steak fries parrilla, patacon supreme.  All 3 dishes were very tasty.  This was a bit much for food for the two of us, but we ate it.  Got a little confused when we walked in and the waiter had a Rosati's shirt, but he explained to us that the owner of Rosati's is Venezualan and went into the details of how My Arepa came into being.  There were no other Venezuelan restaurants around, so he opened that and it has been in business for about 3 yrs.  We came for lunch and were the only people in that restaurant, so we had the place to ourselves.  It was clean.  There seems to be a wide variety of foods.  We liked the arepa, but it was more me than my husband.  He is used to Colombian food, but said this food tastes good.  We had a coupon from the Entertainment book, so that cut $8.50 off our bill.  The food was prepared quickly, and seemed fresh.  It would've been nice to see more people in the restaurant, so I hope they can stay in business, or I don't know if Rosati's carries this restaurant or not.  We live in SE Gilbert and happened to be in the area, which is not normal.  I don't think the location of this restaurant is in the best place, as that mall does not seem like a thriving area.  If we are in the area and it's about time for a meal, we'll stop by again.  4/30/13 We went there again.  Twice in one month.  I would have to say the service this time from one of the waiters was awful.  He wouldn't smile to boot.  However, thankfully the owner also helped us and he was super friendly.  I showed them that I had the mobile Entertainment coupon before we ate, which was for 10% off.  I'm not sure how much they took off, but I'm pretty sure it was more than 25% off.  We got a ton of food and all of it was super delicious.  The owner of this restaurant was super friendly and accommodating.  This time, we brought our children and they liked it.  So, we just ignored the unfriendliness of the main waiter.  The first time we were here, a different non-Latin waiter was super friendly, so we know they have good service.  This will still be a place we come to again.
have not been in a while, is the restaurant closed?
First time eating Venezuelian food, it was great. We had the Arepas Sampler, which came with 5 different Arepas, the Pabellon, Queen of Queen, Domino, Peluda, and The Blonde. Great service too.
I sadly have to downgrade my review..... I don't know what's happening here, because this was such a great little place with a super friendly owner, but lately service and food are not reaching par.  Just the other day we ordered delivery, about 12 arepas for 6 of us. The order took almost two hours to deliver, we called 4 times asking what was up (our house is litterally walking distance from My Arepa, we should have just picked it up, but when you pay extra to have something delivered, it's because you can't pick it up, right??)   When it finally came, there was no apology or discount for the inconvience.... The worse part was that part of the order was wrong! I ordered two "queen of queens" arepas (their specialty), which is just chicken and avocado, however mine came without the avocado! And about a tablespoon worth of chicken ;/ come on! How do you forget one of the main ingredeints? of a total of THREE ingredeints??   We also had ordered extra sauce (which, the green sauce is what MAKES the arepa), so of course, there was none in our order..... I was so mad, I decided to just go over and get some myself (as I said, I live accross the street) When I asked for 5 containers, the cook brought me 3. I asked for two more. o_0   and instead of giving me new arepas (remember, I was missing the avocado) the cook spent a whole extra 10 minutes slicing some avocado and putting it in a to-go box to add to my now cold arepas. (and by the way, there was a total of ONE customer in the restaurant when this took place)  NOT very happy at this point.   And to add to it, I find out later that one of the girls in our party ended up with a stomache ache that night....having a  delivery order driving around with chicken and mayo products for two hours is bound to make someone sick......  and it did. :/   I hope things change, because I really used to like this place.....
Contigo Peru is a Peruvian restaurant that recently opened up.  I would characterize it as a spot that is low on atmosphere but high on food.  I've never had Peruvian food before, and at the recommendation of my friend from Peru I went with the Ceviche de Pescado to get acquainted.  The food itself was great - it was prepared quickly and the presentation was great.  Ceviche is cooked fish that is served chilled - definitely not something I'm used to and it took some reassuring from my friend that it was safe to eat.  Once that initial shock passed, I really enjoyed it.  It was spiced with a unique hot sauce that can be added to taste.  The side dishes were two different types of corn from Peru as well - both of which added to the meal and left me satisfied.  All of this was washed down with an ice-cold Inca Cola which I had read about but never had before.  The restaurant is set up as a large, open room.  Not too much to look at, but nice and the Waitress / possibly owner / manager was really attentive and cracked a few jokes at my insistence on spicier food.  All in all I hope this place does well because it can be tough to find authentic South American food in the valley and Contigo Peru does a great job at that!
There are two Peruvian dishes I usually eat...and if they are not good, then you can assume the restraunt will follow.   Lomo Saltado and Ceviche de Pescado...the hallmark of any Peruvian restaurant to be judged by. Fortunately, this restraunt hits the mark on both plates, I feel a little guilty because I usually frequent the other Peruvian restraunt in Mesa...Rincon Peruano. Contigo Peru is only 6 minutes from my house while Rincon Peruano is about 20 minutes away...with both plates almost indistinguishable, I would have to say Contigo Peru has to slight edge over Rincon Peruano....besides, it's super close to my house!!  Is it comperalbe to what I ate in Peru? Very much so. I will be back for more at least every pay check !!! I will not tell my dad about this place since he has become a friend to the cook at Rincon Peruano, but my family will eat here instead.
I love these kind of places. Very small, less than a dozen tables. The staff knows anything and everything about the food (cuz usually it runs in the family).  First you get this amazing salsa made of cilantro and this herb similar to mint. AMAZING. The service was great and the food came out fast. Maybe a little too fast. For desert, the cookie sounded great, but it really wasn't. We didn't see a price, but I am sure it was cheap. It is a very small butter cookie with caramel in the middle. Not that good. Next time, a different desert.
So after reading all the great reviews on yelp I was excited! I used to love the Peruvian place on Dobson/Warner next to C-Fu. They moved to Mesa, and then they closed down. I went to some other Peruvian place near by and for the first time I actually ate food from a restaurant that really want to make me gag. Ok going off tangent.... So here comes Contigo Peru. Fairly close to where I live and good reviews. The short version is, awful service on the part of OUR waitress and their food is mostly meh. 3 of us showed up at the restaurant and was seated promptly by a friendly staff. Ok so far so good.... Waited, and waited a bit before we get our menus. Waited, and waited a bit longer for the waitress to get our drink orders. BUT, she only took our drink orders and didn't ask if we wanted any starters. So we waited and waited some more and finally got our drinks and she asked if we want starters. We ordered the fried calamari. BUT, the waitress didn't ask if we are ready to order. So waited, and waited, and waited, finally I had to signal another waitress to get our waitress so we can orders in. We waited and waited and waited some more. I think about half an hour later, our calamari showed up. Oh yeah, looks like frozen calamari out of a bag. They where the little rings. No tentacles or anything. Heck, the calamari from Macaroni Grill was 10x better! Not only that, they were served with generic tartar sauce. The rings tasted like rubber bands. Chewy and tasteless. So we waited and waited some more and finally about another 30mins my gf's Pescado al Ajo came out. It's a battered a friend fish topped with butter and garlic. Smells good, looks good, but WTF are mine and my friend's dishes? Waited and waited and waited. Ok, do people not understand you serve all your dishes at a table at the same time? We are just joking about how Gordon Ramsey would be screaming and swearing back in the kitchen by now. So after a long wait, and after inquiring with the waitress, our dishes came out. I ordered the Lomo Saltado, and my friend ordered the  Tallarin Saltado de Carne, which essentially is just the same as my dish except with spaghetti instead of rice. My dish is a stirfry of fries (yes really fries you can get at the grocer's frozen section), onions, beef strips, and tomato in a soy sauce. This dish used to be my favorite. Well, all I can say is I have had much better and much flavorful than what I got. Just a note, it seems that Peruvian stir fry, they don't fully cook the veggies. Of all the places I have had this dish, the veggies are always half cooked. Just so people don't get surprised. Anyhow, their only saving grace was the fish. It was tender, flaky, and pretty good. Unfortunately, the breading for the fish was a soggy mush mess. But the fish itself was quite good. So this ENTIRE time, that waitress has not came by ONCE to check and see how we are doing. Thankfully the owner/manager (?) did once. From what we have observed, it seems that we just happen to got the worst waitress ever. Because the other waitress was attentive and people got their food fast. Heck, even people arrived after us and ordered after us got their food WAY before us with that better waitress. We suspect this particular waitress has no clue how to wait on tables and most likely messed up our order tickets or something. So....if your are lucky and got the good waitress, maybe you'll have a great experience. We....had no such luck. Consider their food is kinda meh compare to other Peruvian places I've tried, I think I'm going to pass on going back fearing to meet the inattentive waitress again. Honestly, she was really nice when she was present. She just needs to go to waitressing school or something.....
My wife and I used to go to Rincon Peruana for our Peruvian fix or she would just whip up some papa a la huancaina or lomo saltado herself (she grew up in Peru). Now that it is way over in Glendale we thought we would try this place. Well, we were disappointed. We called in a togo order tonight. The ceviche pescado was 1/3 the size and couple dollars more than Rincon Peruana's. It had good flavor, but it was very small in comparison. Considering that it is a simple cold cooked tilapia, I don't understand the need to be skimpy. We also got a whole pollo a la brasa which is supposed to be a seasoned rotisserie chicken. It looked right and the flavor was about right but it lacked that super tender fall off the bone quality that is the other hallmark of this dish. Texture was like that of baked chicken. It wasn't horrible. It just wasn't what it was supposed to be. Also, Contigo Peru is tight with their sauces and cancha cerrano. Cancha cerrano is like a toasted corn nut. Usually it is served in place of bread and butter. Our togo order did not include any and she would have charged us for some if we had not complained about the size of the ceviche. They were reluctant about giving usadditional aji verde and the pollo a la brasa sauce they provided for our whole order looked like the same amount needed for a single 1/4 size order, but we did not realize this until we got home. We miss our old place. One thing is for sure, you cannot go wrong with the chicha morada. Love this stuff!!! It is a textured  juice made from simmering purple corn with sugar and seasonings like star anise and cinnamon. This was the best part of our meal :)
I was excited to try another peruvian restaurant, I was visiting my sister in Gilbert and had a hard time finding a peruvian restaurant up in the Phoenix area. Contigo's location was easy to find, I was a little disappointed that there was no outside seating or alcoholic beverages but after speaking with the owner(who was also our waitress) I learned they had applied for their liquor license, so hopefully soon theyll have some Picso! I ordered the Papa A La Huancaina as an appetizer and was a bit disappointed, the portion size was GREAT but the flavor was a bit lacking compared to other Papa A La Huancaina's I have had. I then got the Seco De Carne Con Frijoles, it was wonderful! The portion size on that was also pretty big so I had some leftovers. They had Inca Kola so I give a big thumbs up there! I ordered the Alfajores for dessert and was again a bit disappointed, The Alfajores I know has a boiled sweetended condensed milk jam in the middle and this one had a caramal type jam, it was too sweet and not to my liking. I have to say though, the owner was VERY pleasant without being too chatty! The decor was very simple but that's not what I went for so I was ok with that! All in all, I'd say I would give it another chance and try something different!
After driving by it many times we finally got over to Contigo Peru today. Excellent all around. The place was fairly busy, but service was fast. All of the customers were speaking Spanish to the staff, so I took that as a good sign that people from the region of Peru were regulars.   As someone else mentioned, the first thing you get is this salsa with bread. I could taste cilantro, mint and other great stuff in there. Super yummy. I wish I could buy it by the gallon.  My wife had a seafood dish, and we had a 1/4 baked chicken to share with our toodler, and I had another chicken dish (my apologies, I should have written down the names of everything). All was just wonderful. Our server was very helpful and spent some time helping us decide what to order.  The servings were a bit small for the price, and that is the only fault I could find. That said, it was enough food, so this is a small gripe.   In all, I recommend this place and plan to visit again soon.
This review gets a 5 star just on the chef himself.   As I walk in, the lady that I believe owns the restaurant seats me, but is a little busy with some other tables.. I was taken back some since the chef noticed me and comes out of the kitchen and proceeds to help me out with the choices on the menu. No kitchen staff has actually ever given me personal recommendations on food, talk about awesome!! I ask him about the purple corn drink on the menu, so he gets a small sample of it for me. Kinda fruity, sweet, but not an overwhelm of sugar. So I ordered a glass of that.  As my eyes scan past the rotisserie chicken dish,  I asked him if I could get that, in which he says they only serve that Fri.-Sun. Damn. He then helps me pick out the Pollo Saltado (stirred fried chicken with fries).  They automatically bring a bun with a special spicy sauce with every meal, the sauce has the perfect spice to it. The dish itself was slightly oily, but was pretty good. Could have used a little more rice, but the whole thing was definitely an interesting and new taste for me.  Excellente!
Big fan of Peruvian food.  Contigo Peru did not disappoint.  The appetizers and main courses were all delicious and well portioned.  Service was excellent and helpful in navigating the menu.  Good value as well.  The only thing that wasn't very good was the flan.
I'd say 4.5 stars. I'm definitely a fan but I don't have enough experience with Peruvian cuisine to know if it's as good as it gets. : )  I was first introduced to Peruvian food a week ago and have now been to Contigo Peru 3 times. From what I have come to learn, it is a natural fusion cuisine. There are large populations of different ethnic groups (some major ones being Chinese, Japanese and Italian) in Peru and those influences have all spilled over into the food of Peru. From what I understand, the cuisine of Peru is quite varied and the food served at Contigo Peru is primarily that of Lima.  The restaurant itself is great. It's clean and casual and the staff is amazingly nice. They were super helpful on every visit. I can't say enough about them.   Over the course of our visits, we had:  Lomo Saltado - tender loin beef strips stir fried with onions, tomatoes & french fries served with rice.   I understand this is a classic dish. I completely loved it. The stir fry is Chinese influence with tastes of soy sauce. It seemed like total comfort food, even bringing back memories of "chips & gravy" for the Oz folk and maybe even brings poutine to mind? It's kind of a carb fest but it's great. Easily accessible and super tasty. Not spicy at all. The kids loved it too. If you're new to Peruvian food, definitely a good place to start.  Saltado Contigo Peru - basically the same as loom saltado with shrimp. Also great.  Yuca con frita huancaina - slices of deep fried yucca root with a cheese and aji sauce.  First of all, aji here refers to peppers. This term is used all over the place. We enjoyed this but I don't know that we get the huancaina sauce yet. We ended up eating the yucca with aji (in this case referring to the spicy sauces/salsas on the table - more on that later).   Ceviche de pescado / camarones - ceviche with fish and/or shrimp,  shaved onion, lettuce, yam, corn on the cob & dried corn kernels (called ganchas?).   I loved these dishes. Sour and tasty but the thing that stood out most to me was the amazing contrast of textures.   Causa - layers of mashed potatoes seasoned with lime juice & aji and a chicken salad layer in between.  Kind of a crazy dish. Surprising texture (soft all the way through) but I really liked it. I liked the hint of spice and the taste of lime with the potatoes.  Chaufa Contigo Peru - beef, chicken and shrimp fried rice.  Enjoyed this well though I didn't really see a great deviation from typical Chinese fried rice.  Pescado a lo Macho - fish fillet fried and covered with a spicy seafood sauce containing shrimp, scallops, calamari, mussels. Also some fried yucca slices.  This is a great dish. Super tasty with a bit of spice. One of the Heather's favorites.  Aji de Gallina - creamy yellow, spicy sauce, made with shredded chicken, ají amarillo (yellow chilis), cheese, milk, bread, and walnuts served with rice.  This was another great dish. It's actually not on the menu but I think they have it most Friday, Saturday, Sundays. Heather called it pure comfort food. Loved it, especially the subtle hint of spice. Think this will be a staple order.   Anticuchos - skewers of beef heart marinated in Peruvian spices and grilled. Also comes with it's own spiciy sauce.  This is another special dish. It's not on the menu and only there on occasion. Since they had it, I had to try it and definitely enjoyed it. Not spicy without the sauce. The kids also liked it quite well.  Rotisserie chicken - killer rotisserie chicken.  I loved this especially with the aji (spicy sauces) on the table. There were two of these, red & green, with the red being a bit spicier and the green having more of a cilantro flavor. I became a huge fan of these immediately. The first visit, I was using pieces of bread as a vehicle for the sauce. For the 2nd & 3rd visits, we ordered the chicken which just went perfectly with the aji. We also used it quite liberally in many other ways (on the yucca, over the chaufa, etc.).  If there were a good Peruvian restaurant close to the house, the rotisserie chicken and aji would be a definite staple. Felt healthyish and so tasty.  Chica Morada - Peruvian purple corn drink made with pineapple rind, cinnamon, and clove and then mixed with sugar and lemon.  I had this every visit and will probably always do. I actually liked a bit diluted. Light and clean. You can also order it by the pitcher which seems the best deal if you have at least a couple people drinking it.  All in all, I'd say we didn't have a bad dish. Looking at the menu, it can seem like french fry overload but with a bit of consideration, it definitely doesn't have to be that.  I'm a big fan and will be back often.
Great food, friendly service. Perfect for lunch.
Delicious dishes with generous portions.  Their Peruvian purple corn drink, chica, is also delicious, and tastes a bit like hibiscus tea rather than a "corn drink".  We ate here on a Friday, and tried their roast chicken.  It was juicy, tender, flavored with herbs and roasted just right.  We had fish ceviche as an appetizer, and it was nicely piquant, marinated with citrus/lime flavor.  I tried some lomo saltado as well, and the beef was tender, and packed with flavor.  Service was friendly, but a bit slow.  I will definitely be dining here again!
We've never tried Peruvian food before tonight but I can say that we'll be having it VERY OFTEN from now on.  For anyone who hasn't tried it and not sure what to expect....it's different but very familiar at the same time.    First of all, the staff was wonderful!  We went around 8:15pm on a Friday night and were greeted and waited on right away by a man and a woman who I believe were the owners.  I told them we'd never been there before and had never tried Peruvian food.  They were so helpful and friendly.  First off they gave us a sample of the PURPLE CORN DRINK and although it was very strange and unfamiliar to us, it was very good.  You'd never guess it was made of corn.  I loved it.    Then we were ready to order our meals.  My boyfriend loves fish (me, not so much) but he steers away from fried foods.  The owner suggested he have the Pescado Sudado which is steamed fish fillet with onions, tomatoes and cilantro served with rice.  The owner said it's like a soup.  This dish was served first.  (And I'll say now that the only somewhat negative thing I can say about this place is that they will bring the dishes out as they're cooked. For us this meant my boyfriend's food was served to him quite a while before my food came.)  My boyfriend began eating his food and was loving it.  He kept insisting that I try it, but I'm not a fish lover.  I finally tried it and was amazed that it was even fish.  No fishy taste...it was delicious!  It had a delicious flavor that I've never tasted before and later I found out it was from the YUCCA ROOT that we thought were potatoes. So good.   I ordered the Saltado Contigo Peru which is beef tenderloin strips, shrimp, tomatoes, onions and french fries all stir fried together. Sounds a bit odd, but it was very yummy.  Also served with white rice.  I also ordered Chaufa de Pollo which is Peruvian chicken fried rice.  The Chinese influence is very evident here.  Had a ginger flavor and was delicious.    In summary....I loved the owners--very friendly and helpful.  I loved the casual, clean atmosphere.  The food---incredible!!  Fresh, delicious, generous portions.  I can't wait to go back.  And before it's all said and done I wanna try every dish on the menu....even the fish.
A big fat thumb's up for Contigo Peru! Everything was delish-I ordered off of the appetizer menu. Causa-not what I expected but tasty. Actually, it was just as described now that I think about it. Chicken salad between two rounds of mashed potatoes. He got Pollo Saltado and downed it so fast, I didn't even see it. (We took it to go). We were hoping to try the rotisserie chicken but went on a Tuesday instead of Saturday or Sunday.  Will definitely be back to try other items. I believe it was the owner who was so nice, especially when we told her it was our first time in. She offered us some of the purple corn drink-yummy-and made a point to describe what other patrons were ordering. Oh yes, she gave us sauces to go with our dinner-I really wish I remembered what they were called. Spicy enough without making my eyes water, and very flavorful!
If you like Peruvian food you must try this place. I have probably visited every Peruvian restaurant in the Valley and I must say that this one is my favorite. I love food and I am constantly studying the gastronomy of each country I visit or I find interest in. So, Peruvian food happens to be one of my favorites (among Mexican and Indian).   We happened to visit Contigo Peru because it was my sister's birthday and since she had already been there before and obviously liked, she decided to go there for her birthday too!! She also happens to know the owner Monica so that made it even more personal for us.   As we walked in I liked the fact that we were greeted by the owner. The place was pretty much empty because the restaurant had just opened for the day. Right of the bat we decided to order and Iced Chicha Morada to drink (made by fermented blue corn). It was delicious!!   Everything in the menu looked great. I always try to eat the following dishes on my first visit to any Peruvian Restaurant to determine how genuine it is.   Ceviche de Pescado (Fish marinated Ceviche): Fresh fish marinated in lime juice and a blend of Peruvian spices. Garnished with yam, Peruvian corn on the cob, red onion and the famous cancha corn nuts (toasted corn).   Chupe de Camarones: A delicious shrimp and milk based Peruvian chowder with a breaded fillet of fish on top. This is delicious!!!   Chaufa de Mariscos (seafood paella): Fried rice with seafood. If you like Spanish Paella...this is the Peruvian style. It is awesome!!!   Lomo Saltado: The super famous Peruvian sauteed tenderloin!! It is an Asian fused dish. You must try it.   And as for dessert; you must try the Helado de Lucuma (traditional tropical fruit ice cream) and Crema Volteada (it is like a caramel custard with a more creamy consistency).   The prices range between $10-11. Every bite its worth every penny. I highly recommend this place!!!
What a great restaurant! We tried numerous dishes and everything was excellent.   The Causa was very good but it is a very filling appetizer. My Girlfriend ate a small amount and I ended up eating the rest. That made it hard to finish my whole meal. But I managed.   We shared the Picante de Mariscos and the Picante de Camarones y Conchas. They are similar dishes but both had it's own unique taste. Both meals were wonderful and all of the seafood seemed very fresh.  I think I'm going for the Chaufa next time and I can't wait!
The food was absolutely delicious.  This is seriously now one of my absolute favorites restaurants.  The man who helped us was amazing, and he kept telling us about different things that we should try and when we did, we were NOT disappointed.  The only problem (and reason that I am giving it 4 stars instead of 5) was that at the end of the dinner, another server started to yell at him and argued with him for about 20 minutes while we were still there as were other customers.  I would love to see this restaurant succeed so hopefully this isn't a regular occurrence.  I will re-rate after our next trip and hopefully there won't be any spats that customers have to listen to.
Delightful place!  Great staff and the food was a treat.  What a nice break from everyday fare.   Loved the chicken soup, the stir-fry beef(nice!) and the desserts were fun.  I will recommend this place to my friends and family.
Best Peruvian in town, possibly the best Peruvian food in Peru, I need to made the trip in order to compare. The Pescado Mixto was off the charts, it had 4 types of seafood in a lite spicy sauce that was extremely authentic. Ooooooo the plantains, do not leave without ordering a side of them. They are not overly fried and have the perfect amount of sweetness along with a perfect mix of crispy and soft texture. We also had their fried rice as a side dish which had a lite sauce that was flavorful enough to order it as a meal. Their Inca Cola looks Mountain Dew but tastes more like a Canadian Dry with a vanilla blend to it. I can't wait to go back.
I had never had Peruvian food before, but I had  a restaurant.com coupon for here, so myself and two friends decided to give it a try. From the moment we walked in the door we felt at home and very welcomed.  It seems that Peru was playing Mexico in soccer and they had that one two big screens, and you could see there were a few people eating just to watch the game but it wasn't nosy or sports bar like.  The restaurant itself isn't much to talk about; maybe 20 largish tables in a strip mall, the whole front is windows so it makes it very nice and bright in there. Very clean and open feeling. What I believe is the owner (male) and maybe daughter were so friendly, one we were seated gave us two types of hot sauce and bread, then followed with some toasted corn that I could not stop munching on. He suggested a Peruvian drink sort of like Mexican Tequila but made with grapes, it was yummy!!! Light and frothy with just the right kick to it.  For dinner we ordered 3 different things, sorry I can't remember the names but they should be easy to find, my first friend ordered beggars' steak, fries, sausage, plantains, yucca and two eggs with rice... LOL the owner said, "yours, BIG" my other friend got a yummy looking shrimp dish is what looked like a light lemon sauce owner said "yours, not so much".  I asked the owner to give me what he thought was their best. OMG was it ever. I got a fried fish fillet (think fish and chips) with shrimp and bay scallops in a yummy sauce with rice. It was amazing. I must admit I am not a fan of seafood at all but this was amazing. I will order it again and again.  My first friend said the hot sauces were perfect on the fries and the steak and even though he is usually a big eater he couldn't finish the whole thing.   I will 100% go back here again, I say the chicken go by and it looked tasty and if my last dish wasn't so good I'd be tempted to get it, maybe I'll convince my friends too and steal some from them.
Tried this restaurant after a suggestion from one of my family member that was looking for Perusian restaurant in AZ. Finally we found this restaurant in the middle of busy district Mesa. We order some beef steak, the linguini pasta and seafood plates! All the food comes with either rice or fries and cassava or banana. It was EXCELLENT! The rice was so delicious, I even asked the owner how to cook it and she was very kind as she explains it and always checked on us if we were having a good time! I love this place and couldn't wait to try for something else!
So we walked in, there was no one there! I wondered based off review why no one was there, but i love peruvian food, so didnt care.  My wife had never had peruvian. She ordered the lomo saltado and loved it.  I had the contigo de mariscos. Both were awesome. I recommend definitely. The staff was very friendly. The service perfect.  We also got pisco sours which were great! Highly recommend.
Great authentic peruvian food!!  I tried the Pescado Macho which was great.  The service was great.  Although its in a old shopping center building it was very clean.
It wasn't even busy, but for some reason or another, we had to  wait for 20 minutes before water was served then another 15 minutes for our order to be taken, The shrimp pasta dinner was good, but the potato appetizer was like runny warm potato salad. In summary, the service was horrible and the food was mediocre.  My friends and I won't be dining there ever again.
*WARNING* VERY POOR VALUE  I've never posted so strongly before but I felt I must warn people strongly.  Read my ratings I've VERY FAIR - I eat out a lot at a huge variety of places... hole in the wall (like Contigo) all the way to $150-200 person meals  I bought the Yelp coupon after reading good reviews... it was a bad move.  I've had good and great Peruvian food in many places. This is average, at best.  This place should be WAY cheaper due to... - plain & cheap decor (low-end) - located in  low-end strip mall in low end part of town - low quantity of food they give  - VERY hungry when we left.  ordered 2 dishes, 1 appetizer, and 3 alcoholic drinks... $80+ with tip!   We went on a week night for dinner... we were the ONLY people there the entire 1.5 hrs.  Specifics...  Pisco Sour - 1 star -- Nothing special for flavor. I've had much better Pisco Sours double the size for less $...$6 for a 6 ounce glass which was mostly ice is a rip off!   Shrimp Ceviche - 2 stars -- They cared more about presentation than quantity or flavor. $15+ that was the size of my fist. Should have been at least 2x the size it was for the price.  Main Entrees - 2 stars -- flavors were fine but nothing special. food quantity was half the size it should have been.  then to top it off... I added wrong on the check and the $10 I would have saved with the coupon was canceled out... and the owner did not even mention it to me... and charged my CC the wrong amount. So... either he did not check the #s or he was dishonest.   MAYBE this place has decent lunch specials, and I'm being VERY GENEROUS with that assumption.
This was my 2nd time trying Contigo.  I enjoyed it the first time, and knew I had to capitalize on the yelp deal.  Food is fresh, and different.  Menu has a lot of seafood options.  Prices are a bit steep but not out of control.  On this trip there was one poor guy taking all the orders, filling all the drinks, and running all the meals to the 5 tables in the place.  I assume one of the owners was there because he was relaxing on the computer as the server was busting his hump.  We saw that our guy was working his tail off so we weren't upset.  He even had time to swing by a little special adult beverage sample for my girlfriend.    Our meals were very good, just as expected.  The service was better than it could have been under the circumstances.  When I get an itch for seafood I'll certainly consider coming back to Contigo Peru.    Live a little, give Peruvian food a try.  Pretty good chance you'll like it.
Very good food and the service was excellent. The Peruvian beer was really good as well and the waiter talked us into a margarita style drink I don't remember what it was called but it was really tasty and packed a punch, he said it was made from a peruvian brandi but it was sour like a margarita. Yummy all the way around, if I could give more than 5 stars I would! This place is going to be a regular stop for me.
The fourth star goes to Franklin who was serving tables last night and his friendly welcome to us. BTW he is my co-national being born in Bolivia :) and raised in Peru.  The food is a good start for those who ignore what is Peruvian food. I wanted to try papas a la Huancaina, a TYPICAL Peruvian dish that we also prepare in Bolivia. My disappointment goes to discover that the sauce (that is the key to the dish) is not made from scratch. That's an excuse to prepare it myself.  Lomo Saltado is a must if you are hungry, will fill you up with the extra protein charge. I suggested for some friends the JALEA (something you MUST try when you are in Lima) and they were pretty happy.   I was tempted in the end by the Choclo con queso (corn). Why? Because Choclo is a must in Andean countries diet, as well as potato. BUT our corn is BIG and not sweet. Lucky me, Franklin gave me the tip on how to get it and mmmm indulge on REAL corn!!
Went on the Yelp Deal $10 for $20 on a Sunday afternoon.  A bit of a drive as I live in Phoenix.   I ordered My Memory favorites:  the Peruvian drink Pisco Sour to start off with and Meal was Large Bowl of Milk based Seafood Soup "Chupe" with perfectly cooked Shrimp, 1 soft boiled egg and crowned with a Fried Fish Filet.  "Yes, Soup and a 110 degree day."   Not quite to the 5 star Category that I grew up with in Washington, DC at "El Chalon"  However,  I would go back to try other items.   Female Waitress, Perhaps Owner and Son were Friendly.  Other Diners Food looked delicious also.
The food was really good, both my wife and I ordered the lomo saltado. It was sooo delicious, the fries were just right, the meat was tender and juicy, and the gravy was spot on. I do wish there was a little more of it as it didn't quite fill me up. The bread and even the kids meals were delightful as well. I also tried a sample of the Chica Morada, it was pretty good, but not enough that I would pass up a drink with free refills. My only complaint was the service, which was slow. Our waiter forgot our drinks (we had to remind him), then took forever to bring us our check. However, he was very warm and friendly. We did use a Living Social deal for the meal, which helped offset the cost.
food on a scale of 1 to 10 was a 4. small portions for the price, place was clean and neat but in a low budget strip mall. . service was good and helpful i would give it a 6... over all rating for me would be a 4.. just to pricey for a low budget place.
The location is not perfect and the Flourescent lights were a bit weird for a nice place to eat. But hands down some of the best cooked sea food I have had on a long time. The owners are very nice. Given the portions and the quality of food you can't complain. I will definately be a returning customer.
We highly recommend this place!! Great food, great service! We had not had Peruvian food before and will be coming back!! The flavors were incredible!
We love Peruvian food--the simplicity, the flavors and the way it seems to naturally bring friends and family together.  We are very happy to have found Contigo.  This very unassuming restaurant sits quietly in a suite of a typical suburban strip center.  I learned long ago never to discount such places, and I encourage others to do the same. You will, otherwise, miss little delights like Contigo.  We were greeted upon entering the door as if we were family.  It was no surprise to learn that Contigo is a quintessential family business, and one of the quintessential American dream--a family leaving their ancestral home in Peru for the promises of the United States, and opening a business doing what they do best:  preparing authentic Peruvian food and creating a warm, inviting atmosphere.  ...and it all begins with the Pisco Sour.  This national drink of Peru uses Peruvian Pisco as the base liquor, and the addition of lime (or lemon) juice, syrup, ice, egg white, and Angostura bitters.  Delicious.  All of our usual favorite dishes were present and accounted for on the menu, and since we were with our own friends and family, we passed plates and tasted everything.  We whet our appetites with a nice variety of fresh ceviches, which perfectly led us to delicious main courses, including Saltados (lomo, pollo and mariscos); Tallarin, Chaufas, and Suprema de Pollo.  All exceptionally prepared.  All extremely reasonably priced.  So make your way to this nondescript corner of this nondescript strip center in suburban Chandler and enjoy this exceptional gem of a restaurant.  It's comfortable, casual, and very much like you're dining with a warm and welcoming Peruvian family--because you really are!
My first visit to Contigo Peru was with the East Valley Ethnic Restaurant Meet Up Group. Contigo is in a strip mall anchored by a Safeway at Alma School and Guadalupe Roads. The interior is pleasant enough. The table nosh is a small bowl of tasty, deeply roasted corn kernels, somewhat reminiscent of corn nuts, served with a spicy red and a medium green dipping sauce.  I enjoyed a Saltado of vegetables for my entree. A Saltado is stir fried assortment of vegetables (normally with meat) and french fries with a mildly spicy red sauce. The whole stir fry with french fries thrown in is a bit of a strange concept to me, but rather tasty over all. I'm a vegetarian and the staff was gracious in accommodating my needs.   The desserts sounded great. They had fresh flan, which I love, and a Peruvian white cake with a caramel swirl that was raved about by fellow diners. I was too full to try any.   Portions are generous. Staff is friendly. There is a small but decent selection of bottled beer including a Peruvian Beer. My first visit will not be my last.
Consistently delicious Peruvian food.  Three visits here and it's always good.  I think it's tough to do Peruvian food well, and Contigo Peru does.
I love to try new places - and we had a Groupon so we had to try it -  I will say that they do give you quantity.  I ordered the 1/2 chicken and it was very moist although I would say that it was much saltier than I expected - I have had Peruvian chicken elsewhere and never found it that salty.  But - and here is the weird thing - I reacted to it after we left.  I reacted as I do when I have MSG.  So whatever they put on it - I can't have it again - if you are MSG reactive, you might ask before ordering.  The chicken came with rice and salad.  The rice seemed to be cooked in a garlic water perhaps?  It was plain white rice with a slight garlicy flavor. Nothing remarkable about it.  DH had Loma Saltado, a stir-fried beef with veggies over fries.  I didn't taste it but he found it was rather bland.  Again, we expect it to be a little spicier.  The portion was large and it was freshly prepared though.  He ordered a side salad which was iceberg with tomatoes.  For $3, I don't expect a bevy of veggies, but I don't expect a plate of iceberg either.  The salad dressing was a very thin yogurt-based dressing that didn't seem to have much flavor. Again, nothing bad, just very bland.  We had ordered special fried corn - sort of like corn nuts only not as flavorful.  Finally we thought we would salvage the date night with a slice of flan to split.  It is apparent to me - as I bake and cook a lot - that the flan was not all that fresh as it tasted of "refrigerator". Meh.  One thing that makes me curious - we ordered and were charged for the corn - but I notice now that everyone says that they received it free as a "table nosh" - i wonder if we had to pay for it since we had a Groupon???
Went for a Saturday Dinner with my Friend Billy in April.   The nice male waiter did bring us each a sample of the 2 homemade Juices and a dried corn offering ame along the Rolls with Butter and peruvian salsa.  I had the Yellow Passion Fruit and he had the Purple corn drink.  I would get a Full size next time instead of a Soda for my beverage.  My entree for the visit was the Lomo Saltado.  The steak strips were good but not great.  Will come again.
Wow! this place is scrumptilicious!!!  Food: Just amazing. I had the Cau Cau and my sister had the Lomo Saltado. Mine was delicious, but the Lomo was incredible. I kept eating the Peruvian peanuts they bring out as snacks.   Scene: We went around 3 so the lunch rush was over, so there weren't that many people. It's a cozy spacious place, large enough for a big party for sure. They had two football/soccer games going on.  Peeps: The waiter was super nice and definitely welcoming.   I have to go back and eat some more. nom nom nom.
Wonderful restaurant. My husband and I had dinner there last night and can't wait to go back!!
I came here with a Groupon, and the one thing I can say was amazing was the customer service.  Our server was friendly, and eager for us to try some things we hadn't tried before.  If she hadn't brought out the sample drinks, I probably wouldn't have ordered one - but I'm glad I did.  I really can't say enough about how nicely we were treated here.  As for the food, it was good - not amazing, but very good.  I had the arroz con mariscos (basically peruvian paella), and it was a large portion, lots of seafood - but the rice was a little mushy, not that memorable.  My wife had a fish, and also thought it was good, not great.  I'd like to try this place again - I'll try something different, and I'm sure it will be a decent meal.  One thing is for certain - Contigu Peru values their customers.
If you like Peruvian cuisine, then this little gem is one you will have to try.  The Ceviche was very good with the seafood very fresh.  The little popcorn and dipping sacues that were provided as accompaniement were wonderfule. The Pisco Sour is as good as I have every had.   This is a Lima, Peru cuisine, so if you are expecting something that is not from Lima, then you may be disappointed. However, the food was wonderfule in all respects.  I will go back, hopefully many times as this was one nice surprise.
I've eaten at several local Peruvian places (Villa Peru, Contigo, Inka Fest, the now-defunct Rincon Peruano), and for some reason, Contigo Peru sticks out the most (with Inka Fest a close second).  Everything I've ordered here hit the mark; I've had the fried yucca root and choros a la chalaca (nice kick to it!) appetizers.  I can't get enough of the chicha morada (who would've thought a purple corn drink could be so delicous?).  As far as entrees, I've had a couple of the saltado dishes, and they were good, but never really my favorite Peruvian offerings.  The parihuela was good, although I wish you can get it in a half serving so you can have that and something else.  Most recently, I had the Pescado Contigo Peru, which was a fish filet with scallops and a few other things, served with a delicious spicy sauce and yucca root.  This is my favorite entree so far.  The flan is also respectable; it's a no-frills flan with a nice light flavor.  Not too overbearing.  If you haven't had Peruvian cuisine, this is a good place to see why a bunch of chefs ranked Peruvian cuisine as the second best world cuisine after French (citation needed).  A final note about the restaurant: they seem to have remodeled since my previous visit, and it's more welcoming inside now.  The portions are very generous - you will be filled, but you'll also pay $25-$30, depending on whether you get appetizers.  And the service is typical of what I've seen in Peruvian restaurants - friendly but laid back.
Peruvian food is amazing.
The food is awesome!  I love the ceviche.
How sad!  We LOVE this place and they closed yesterday the 28th.  This was the best of the Peruvian restaurants in the valley since I started trying them in 2002.
I actually ate here shortly before going to South America. Now having experienced real-deal peruvian food I realize this place is pretty authentic!! Even the corn nuts they served with the ceviche, I realized was not the chefs own invention, but acutally a widly accepted custom throughout Latin America.....  Besides the authenticity, this place is actually very good! I had fried fish, it was lightly fried with perfect flavor, actually quite comforting.   I'm dying to go back to try the rotiserrie chicken, apparently a very popular menu item (while we were there someone came in just for the chicken but they had sold out!) I think the owner mentioned they only have the wood burning rotisserie chicken on the weekends (f.y.i.)  In short, I feel this is a very humble restaurant with a lot of heart and love in their food. I'll be back :)
Service was great. Food is very good. As close to authentic as you'll get in Arizona !
I went to this place not expecting much..I had read some reviews and not I am glad I stopped by.  My best friend from California was visiting and he wanted something good to eat.   Let me tell you I was not disappointed. Portions were just right and sooooo much flavor...... Service was great, even though there was  a large party.
I love this place. Go there a few times a month. The mix papusa is the best. The staff are always helpful and kind and I am so thankful I found this place. My friend has gotten their beef and chicken soup as well. She prefers the beef but they are such hot sellers you have to get there early in order to get it.
We Discovered this place by accident, when walking around the mall we got hungry of course!  But being tired of everything else we wanted to see if they sold PUPUSAS...which is my favorite Salvadorian Dish...and they do! Delicious!! i usually get "revuelta" ones and my Wife really likes the cheese ones...so now that we found this place we come here often...usually Sundays after church if we are in the mood for some really good pupusas. The staff is really attentive and friendly, they give you this card that's sorta like a loyalty card...and stamp it every time you visit...by like the 9th visit you get a free meal...who wouldn't want a free meal!?
Just happened to notice this place as I was leaving the food court. We did because we are going to try El Salvador food when we take our trip to California. We have never had it before and we were curious. Everything on the menu looks really good. So we just decided to pick up a papusa. These looked popular because I would u of see people ordering and walking away with several on plates.  The nice girl that works at the counter did tell us the popular papusa was the bean cheese and pork and of course I ordered 1 to go.  She was also nice enough to say that it takes 8 minutes to make I was totally fine with that.  Now to the papusa ...it's a delicious flattened circle of masa filled with beans cheese and pork fried and seasoned to perfection it is served with a side of slaw like salad. I will give 4 stars now hopefully I can give 5 when I go back. And you have guess a the food is authentic if you see people from the old school in groups lining up to eat there.
Las Pupusas, casamiento, La Ensalada, la tortillas a manos estan sabrosisimas!! Muy recomendado para desayunar, y Veronica es muy Linda, amigable y atenta.
Just had a yummy lunch at this Salvadorian restaurant.  It is a mom and pops place that is weirdly decorated by various posters of soccer stars.  There are also framed posters of soccer support groups.  I guess they really love soccer or should I say football?      I knew the place was authentic because I walk in and they asked me if I knew this was Salvadorian food.  They thought I wandered in to the wrong place.  I guess I was the rare non-Salvadorian person that entered the establishment.      The pupusas there was absolutely divine.  Fluffy on the outside and rich and meaty on the inside.  The chicken tamale that I got was light, airy and tasted brothy, if you know what I mean.  You have got to try it.      Lunch specials cost $4.99.  Everything is very very inexpensive.
12/17/11 DUNCH.   Nice restaurant & staff. Very good food. Very reasonably priced.   This is not Mexican food, it's Salvadoran, which becomes obvious as you read the menu. especially if you've had many varieties of latin food in your life.   Loved the tamals (which were different from Mexican ones I've tried, these were fluffy as a cloud) and chili relleno, as well as their trademark pupusas (especially the one filled with cheese & loroco, a veg that tastes sorta like asparagus).  During dessert (a plantain stuffed empanada and their version of "french toast"!), looked thru the menu again. Quite a few dishes I had never heard of, which I need to eventually try. Gallina de India, for instance. Not "pollo" chicken, but a different "style" of chicken, with a curry-style sauce!  I will be back!
I like this place for many reasons.   First and foremost, I never have any problems ordering. If the girl at the counter doesn't speak English, they will always bring someone else up to the counter while I place my order.   More often than not, we come here simply for Pupusas. Except to wait at least 30 minutes when ordering pupusas. The pupusas here are always fresh and hot and ooze with lots of melted cheese. More often than thought, I always get s few pupusas that ooze out with cheese, so when they are cooking it it gets all crispy and charred. This can easily be the best part sometimes.  I wanted to give this place a 4 star but the last two times we have ordered pupusas from here, the curtido (cabbage slaw) has been salty. Extremely salty, to where you can't eat more than a couple of bites. I don't know if we caught it right at the beginning of the pickling process but it just wasn't edible.  I have ordered items on the menu and the food across the board is solid and good. Pass on their seafood soup though. It just didn't have the freshest taste to it.   If i am craving pupusas and I am in the area I would definitely stop.
No one speaks English.  Place is disgustingly dirty.  Service it terrible along with the food.  We had papusas which were good and quesdilla which was good. But I am afraid now for food poisoning.   We will never go back there again. And yes I was sick later that day From the food
The pork pupusas are heaven and practically melt in your mouth.  The prices are GREAT! You have to try this place at least once.
This place is awesome! I live in Henderson and don't get to make it as often as I would like but anytime I'm in that area I make sure to go here to eat! I've never been anything less than extremely satisfied!
OK, being Salvadorian and coming from Los Angeles,  i went to this place in search of some delicious, authentic Salvi (Salvadorian) food. This place has delicious food, that actually tastes like Salvadorian food. I didn't, however, like the service much. They took for ever to help me, take my order and bring the food. The server, .a female that's always there, wasn't very attentive either. If you're looking for some good authentic food, and are patient then you will like the place. Their food was delicious. I ate "machaca con huevo" breaklefast style. I highly recommend this place.
I don't normally write reviews, but I believe this restaurant deserves one. it is one of vegas' hidden gems. The food was amazing and the ambiance was wonderful. The traditional Salvadorian horchata that they make here is by far the best I've ever tasted. The food was impeccable.  Quite fulfilling and totally worth the trip.
Didn't even know the World Market had a restaurant open to the public but was pleasantly surprised.  Prices aren't bad for lunch and they have a fairly large selection.  I had the sea bass fish tacos and those were very tasty.    Hopefully they succeed.  It isn't too evident where they are so I hope they are doing more advertising.
Tried this for lunch today and really enjoyed it. It's a tad tricky to find -park in the North most lot in the World Market Center and enter building A - but it's worth the effort !   The decor and atmosphere are awesome. It's nice because it's cute enough for a happy hour with girlfriends but upscale enough for a business lunch or dinner.   It was lunch (and we had to return to the office!) so sadly no margaritas were ordered. Chips and salsas (3) came complimentary. The salsas were awesome! None were spicy, however, so those that like heat may be disappointed. We were off to a great start...  I tried the steak street tacos, and my coworker tried the carnitas in black bean sauce. Both were excellent! The steak tacos were small (as expected), but the steak was quality. It was served with a heap of guacamole and slivers of avocado on the taco. The carnita dish was awesome - huge succulent chunks of porks swimming in black beans and covered in cheese and delicious sauce. Definitely not what I would call a "light" lunch but I could imagine it's perfect for a winter day when you want something hearty.   I would say this place is in a similar genre to Dos Caminos but the food is tastier, more authentic, and better priced. Lunch entrees were $10-$16 .
The other day we dined at Mundo in the World Market Center for lunch. This is my 4th visit since they opened last month (we're desperate for good restaurants downtown) and I am continuously intrigued by the descriptions on their menu. I passed on their delicious margaritas today to try sangria, which was excellent. If you had the chance to go to La Madonna, the previous restaurant owned by the chef of Mundo, you have probably tasted and enjoyed a similar version.  I had the chicken tortilla soup, which I have ordered before, because it has an incredibly flavored broth that really sets it apart from other chicken tortilla soups I've had. It is seasoned with epazote which helps to give the soup a rich full-bodied taste is responsible for the deep red hue. Ian had the short rib tamale which was also delicious. The tamale dough wasn't dried out as it sometimes can be and the sweet bits of corn gave it a nice texture. The shortribs that were busting out of the husk made for a lovely presentation.   On another night we started with the queso fundido ($12), which was a combination of four melted cheeses garnished with oven roasted cherry tomatoes, sauteed mushrooms, and a serrano chile drizzle, and served with tortillas. I loved the use of goat cheese, the mushrooms were cooked very well, and the spicy "drizzle" complimented the cheese nicely. It's a heart stopper of a dish so we didn't finish it and instead opted to save room for our entree, which was a fantastic idea. We split the filet mignon of Korobuta pork with ancho chile mango glaze and chose sauteed spinach for our side ($26). Though I think it's a stretch to use the words filet mignon to describe pork tenderloin, we both thought the dish was incredibly successful. The ancho rub on the outside of the perfectly cooked pork was wonderfully intense and the accompanying sauces really set it over the top. The mango relish on top was a fantastic sweet addition that cooled the pallet from the heat. Additionally, it was a huge portion so definitely worth the price. We thought maybe they super-sized it for us since go there frequently and have unabashedly expressed our opinions to the staff on each trip (some of which could have been taken as insults but were meant to be helpful pointers since we want the restaurant to succeed), but the waiter confirmed this is the amount everyone gets. So much for feeling special. The sauteed spinach side was great as well, and unique due to the addition of roasted jalapenos. I would absolutely get both again.
I've only had one experience here, so I'm going off of that. The service was a bit slow, however surprisingly, the food made up for it. They give you a trio of salsas to try - and they were varied, great tasting, and interesting. I would complain that the chips should have been served warm - they were cold. Moving on... I had a chile soup for an appetizer that was pretty amazing. Then, a chicken tamale that was out of this world. The spiciness contrasting with the sweetness of the corn was amazing. I really look forward to my next visit. This has the potential to be the best mexican(esque) food in Vegas. ;-)  (Update!) - I went again and again the service was much quicker - and the food was even more spectacular! GO TO THIS RESTAURANT!
We had lunch here today.  Very original Mexican food.  This area of downtown is very much in need of a place like this.    We ordered guacamole for our chips & salsa.  Guacamole was very good but I wish the chips were warm.  I tried the tortilla soup very good version here (Rick Bayless Topolobampo makes the best I've had).    For mains we had carnitas & sea bass tacos.  Carnitas were tender & full flavored.  Tried a couple of bites of the sea bass tacos before my wife took them away from me!  They make a mean fish taco!  I washed my food down with some really addictive sangria.    We really liked the decor & space.  Very comfortable inside.  We will be back to try dinner soon, let's hope they survive...downtown needs more places like this!
Loved the pablano chile corn soup!! T'was divine.   They have some unusual cocktails I would like to try another time. Massive points for outdoor seating. Caught a glimpse of the inside...very cute. Our waiter was superb.
This place is definitely a find.  After reading about this place on "Eating Las Vegas", I was jived to give this place a try. (Also, I'd just finished watching Top Chef Masters and was chopping at this bit to try some real Mexican food - Rick Bayless rocks!)  Anyway, we arrived on a Monday night for dinner. We rarely venture to the downtown area in Vegas but the restaurant is located in the World Market Center across the street from the Premium Outlet Mall. Parking is plentiful and close to the restaurant.  We arrived earlier because we were really hungry. Our hostess graciously seated us early and offered a bar menu which had various Happy Hour specials at very affordable prices. We ordered the Sliders and the street tacos. Both which were fairly tasty however the sliders (for me) had too much chipotle dressing on them.  They gave us a rather large bowl of freshly made tortilla chips they kept refilling along with the three different salsas. Absolutely delicious and well worth the visit.  We ordered the grilled pork chop and grilled shrimp with homemade sweet corn tamales. The tamales were outstanding! I couldn't get enough of them - sweet, fluffy with fresh corn mixed in to provide a nice contrast in textures. My husband normally isn't into Mexican food but even he grudgingly gave them high marks. I normally don't like shrimp. But when perfectly cooked like this, it tasted like mini lobsters. The sauce was very rich and decadent.  My husband's pork chop was well cooked to perfection and the chile glaze was outstanding. Sweet, spicy. And, like I said, Mundo changed his outlook on tamales.  Overall, the entrees are excellent here. The chef clearly knows high end Mexican. The prices given the level of cuisine is very reasonable - a much better deal than the rather so-so expensive places on the Strip.  The reason why this place does get 4 stars though is the poor timing of the dishes. We waited a long time between the appetizer course and the main course even though there were very few patrons in the restaurant (longer than 20minutes). It is a good thing they kept giving us tortilla chips.  We were really full and couldn't order dessert so we have to try them another time.
I get an opportunity to stop in this place every chance I can....it has great food, beautiful people, and the personal service puts it over the top.  The waiter is quick to get your drink order, and while that elixir is being created, freshly made chips and 3 types of salsa are placed on your table.  While you gorge on this appetizer and wash it down with your adult beverage requesting a second round, your appetizer of Mexican Sushi is brought to your table.  You have to try this dish!    For dinner, I recommend the mahi fish tacos...just enough with the fixings to make your stomach say "thank you."  If you don't order a third drink, perhaps dessert is an option...what could ruin the evening at this point?  Notta...  You just have to at least try Mundo once to say you'll be back.  Yes, it's in the beautiful and monstrous World Market Center, but take some friends and I know you'll have a memorable time.
This place was really good.   The food was fresh and lots of choices. I really liked food. Everything I tasted was excellent and everything I saw others eating looked amazing. I am very excited to go back and try some more food. The presentation of the food was simple and creative.  The dining room is laid out slightly awkwardly but furnished beautifully.    Sidebar: The female bartender liked to ignore me but I didn't hold it against the restaurant or her. As I know this is not unusual. I eat out alone a lot and as a rule of thumb this is common, female bartenders tend to ignore single female diners/drinkers. Single female diners tend to = lower tips and require more service. This only thing worse is a large group of female only customers or foreigners.    When I say ignore I mean I had flag her down for a menu, for a drink, for the chips everyone else got when they sat down, for my check, to pick up my check, ect. but it was ok because the food was really really good.   Sorry for the sidebar but back to the point.   The food here was excellent. Should have gone sooner and will be back.
Las Vegas really needed Mundo. While the quality of "Mom and Pop" Mexican has had a tremendous surge over the past decade, the higher-end has largely gone unrepresented, particularly the Yucatan region. Robert Solano has changed that. A lot of the menu comes from his roots (he is from Merida), and there is sunshine in those Yucatecan influences that really bring vibrant flavors to the plate. With a lot of citrus, and habaneros being used to accent the usual assortment of chile's, the end results are vibrant, and remind me of the kind of cuisine I had grown so fond of while doing some projects in Mexico, but have not found on Las Vegas menus. A shame that the location does not create more visibility; but absolutely worth seeking out.
Looking for a bite to eat downtown, we searched and found this place on good ol' Yelp. It lived up to our expectations, as a upscale Mexican restaurant.  You may want to make reservations for the evening as the girl at the front was busily manning the phones as we entered a mostly empty restaurant for lunch. I had the calamari salad, which I would go back for- it was a bit on the oily side, but very tasty none the less. My husband had the chicken quesadilla with fresh guacamole, which he said was VERY Very good. I will definitely come back, it is a nice place to bring my mom, who loves Mexican food but isn't the tacoria type. ( it is also a back door way into the design center...nice place to explore)
Great find for Mexican cuisine, I've eaten here about 5 times so far, each time leaving equally impressed. Mundo definitely has a talented chef. 4 1/2 stars for the cuisine. Carne asada tacos, rib eye steak, Chilean Sea bass, authentic flan, these are a couple dishes not to miss.  You will not find a better a Mexican restaurant in Vegas.
As the Downtown Las Vegas dining scene continues to expand faster than Kirstie Alley's waistline, along comes Mundo.   Located on the ground level of Word Market Center at one of the most architecturally interesting intersections in the valley, you will find Mundo-A Culinary Haute Spot.   You will discover a hip dining area and bar that is tastefully decorated and (like the food) incorporates a fusion of influences.   I think you could throw a dart at the menu, and be very pleased with what comes out of the kitchen. Think freshness, flair, and fab flavor. This is not you're mamacita's Mexican restaurant. Dishes that are ordinary at other Mexican eateries are extraordinary at Mundo. This is on the upper end of the pricing scale compared to most Mexican places, with most dinner entrees in the $20-$40 range-lunch $10-$20 (a la carte), but this is clearly more labor intensive food, prepared with soul, fusing fresh-top notch ingredients into a world of savory flavors.   Mundo-A Culinary Haute Spot, will rock you're mundo (world).
Bumping this fab place up to the 5 stars it deserves! If you have a car please do not eat mexican on the strip ever again! Mundo is a close drive and is FAR better than Dos Caminos, El Segundo, etc, etc. Park in the Northern most lot in the World Market Center . Surface lot is easy !  Today for lunch I had the carnitas. I've been searching high and low for delicious carnitas in Vegas and now I've finally found them . By far the best I've ever had! Tender, succulent, just a hint of orange. PERFECT! Served with a beautiful tomato/habanero salad, onions, and avocado for $14.   Don't waste your time on the strip, stop wasting money at Lindo - this is the place ! It's hip inside, service is amazing, and I can assuredly tell you it's the best Mexican food restaurant in Las Vegas!
Like Annie had written, service was not great.  I was the one who asked the waiter how is the bread made for the bread pudding, his answer was "I don't know."  WTH????  Don't know how to ask? Guess not since he didn't want to find out.    Anyways, the decor was very pretty, fine dining-like.  The bar area was very nice too, with cabinets on the back wall with installed mirror.  These are the food we tried: -queso flameado *(Very nice combination...cheese, mushroom, cilantro.   Very good) -seabass (I didn't try it, but Annie had typed "...was perfectly steamed and seasoned.") -Carnitas (Some chunks were tender and nice, a few were dry) -Flan (We all liked it very much...As Annie said, "REAL FLAN."   -Sweet corn tamale (this was quite tasty)  Conclusion:  My two friends loved it, I'm iffy about it.
Wassup Annie and Regina!  So about  Mundo... It was good, but not crazy great. I would need to come back to give it a second try.   Well for this try, we had the Queso Flameado which is like cheese fondue served corn tortilla. The cheese combo was really good, along with the other ingredients they put in it. Came with 3 tortillas.   Then for entrees we had Carnitas and Seabass. The carnitas was flavorful and sweet, reminded me of coca-cola braised pork. The portion was rather big which was great but again was served with 3 tortillas (note to the restaurant, please give at least 4 tortillas with the apps and entrees) The Seabass was wrapped in parchment and seasoned with spices. Cooked well but not my favorite because I'm not used to the spices. I'm more of a truest with fish - they need to be simply prepared so I can taste the fish.    For dessert we had flan and it was really good but I wasn't a fan of the strawberries and fruit syrup with the caramel sauce.   About the service, the server was nice but seemed a bit casual compared to the fine dining ambiance. I would have preferred a more professional and informed server. Maybe that's the style of the restaurant but it didn't fit.   Again, I need to come back and plan to because they have quite a bit of selection of beef entrees that looked good.
Ok.. so I heard from several different people how good this place is and I finally made it in myself. I am really looking forward to going again. I will return for dinner as I just stopped in for lunch. They get an A+ for the Guava Margarita...  The food is definitely an upscale Mexican. I have a love/hate relationship with a menu where I can narrow down what I want to only 5 things!! Super easy to get in and out as the valet is right in front of the restaurant.  Food was excellent and the staff was friendly and knowledgeable. Just go you will enjoy it!
Just had lunch here for the second time, and this place does not disappoint! The lunch prices are pretty reasonable, the dinner prices are a bit more expensive but that is to be expected. The interior is gorgeous, metal lanterns hang all over the place and you feel relaxed as soon as you step inside. The location is a little random, but hopefully that will keep this place from getting packed so I can still wander in for lunch without worrying about a reservation.   The last time I ate here I had the carnitas in black bean cilantro sauce....mother of YUMMMM it was good. That is unfortunately on the lunch menu anymore, but I'm hoping they bring it back in the winter maybe. The pork is fantastic and tender and you can taste that everything is homemade with quality ingredients.  This time I ate the Sarape de pollo, which was a thinly pounded piece of chicken with manchego, black beans, and chimi churri sauce, pico, and guac on top. Again, simple but so so good. Also the chips you get when you sit down come with 3 salsas that are all also quite tasty.   I haven't tried any of the drinks yet, but they have a happy hour with $3 drinks that I'm going to try sometime soon. If you enjoy simple, delicious Mexican, check this place out, it's INCREIBLE!!!
Housed in the downtown design center, Mundo is in a great spot --  especially if you are excited about the soon-to-be Smith Performing Arts Center and like the idea of a swanky and fun place off-strip. The decor is nice but not at all stale or formal. The service is very attentive, food delish, and the drinks delightful. Go now!
Mundo is a great addition to downtown dining. It has a nice loungey atmosphere and good sangrias. As far as Mexican food goes in Vegas for Vegetarians, I have not been impressed. So far happy hour at Pink Taco has been the best option. Mundo is a bit pricey but if you are looking to have a nice Mexican meal with a cocktail... this is the place.  I absolutely LOVE the chopped salad. Its the best. The side dishes are also good ( the corn is my favorite) The tortilla soup is a vegetable base soup and it is also good. Other options include veggie quesadilla and enchilada.  If you enjoy fish, supposedly that is good there as well.
The Skinny: some pretty great entrees, some not so good... skip the bread pudding (3) service: slow service - took a while to place our orders(1.5), value: remains to be seen (2).  After the great experience the last time, we brought all our friends to feel the love that is Mundo. But the love just wasn't there tonight.  It took a while for us to order our dishes and to hear even what the specials were tonight. It basically took at least 15 minutes to wait for our waiter to come around and take our order.  I got the roasted chicken dish with tamales which was excellent - great flavours. Paired with the sweet tamales, and I was in heaven. My husband ordered the filet which was only alright. The side of mushroom didn't appear to be "wild" at all - yup! $8 for a small side of plain old button mushrooms. Would definitely not recommend this side.  Another member of the table ordered the tortilla soup and taquitos which she said were both good.  Unfortunately, the carnitas was a rather poor compared to the other dishes on the table. Like a previous reviewer noted - some appeared dry.   We did order the bread pudding which was fair at best. Nothing special. Would probably not order again.  Service, as I mentioned, was slow tonight and the timing of the dishes were poor.  Overall, a significantly less pleasant experience than the last time. I'm downgrading this place to a 3 instead of a 4.
This is one of the most difficult reviews I have ever written. I know the point here is to comment on the food, the service, the decor, etc. To help others choose and decide what to do and where to go. Here's the problem: I barely remember any of that stuff at Mundo.   The situation is that I arranged to go here with fellow Yelper Angela H...everything went as planned with the exception of a few menu changes so we needed to rethink our orders. I remember excellent service...the food was good...decor I don't recall at all. Why?? Because I had such a great time with Angela and we talked and talked and it was just so relaxing...like having a friend over for lunch...Mundo just faded into the background. Well, maybe that truly earns Mundo 5 stars...not only did they provide a lovely place for meeting a new friend, we had no cooking or dishes to do. :)
Other-worldly, refined, and delicious.  Best food and meal (of any kind) I've had in Vegas.  The chips and three different salsas were incredible, and I wish I hadn't eaten any because the queso flameado appetizer (goat cheese, spiced  roasted mushrooms, marinated tomato, and serrano chile sauce) was the best appetizer I've ever had.  (Only other one that compares was a wild nettle soup at Blue Plate in San Francisco.  You should go there, too!)   The queso dish was brought to us with corn tortillas in which to wrap everything, and my boyfriend and I looked at the size of the plate and thought, "We'll never finish it."   But there wasn't a drop of anything left when we were done.  He got the pork tenderloin and, to this day  (a month after we went) he still recalls the pork fondly and sighs, wishing some would magically appear before him.  (I'm a vegetarian so I wish I could better describe his pork dish for you other than by saying, "Yep, looks like pork to me.")  I got roasted vegetable enchiladas and they were outstanding.  The flavors were well-balanced, they weren't drowning in cheese and other sauce, and they re-heated very well the next day (the plate, especially after the queso appetizer, was too big to consume in one sitting).  Oh, and we loved the margaritas.  They tasted exactly like margaritas, not overly sugary sour mix.  That's kind of rare, we've learned.  The service was also impeccable.  Everyone was so attentive and professional.  I kind of wanted to tell them that we weren't important enough guests to be attended to so.   As for the tab, it's priced for a nice dinner out -- for a romantic evening, out-of-town guests, or just a good frickin' meal -- and I can't recommend it enough.
The best meal I've had in Las Vegas. The service was great and the food was phenomenal. I thought the grilled calamari was going to be the highlight until I had the Chilean Sea Bass. Seek out this restaurant. You won't be disappointed. A stand out in the Las Vegas culinary world.
I had high hopes for this place.  It had some great reviews here and at other places.  Also, I bought a groupon for it a while ago.  So, my husband and I decided on this place for our date night last night.  The shuttle from the valet parking lot was interesting, not necessary, but a nice touch. We were able to immediately order our drinks upon sitting, but while he was shortly provided with his soda, I waited ten plus minutes for my mojito.  It was mighty tasty, tho! We ordered the skirt steak skewers.  There were three for $12.  While we enjoyed them, there was just not a lot of them.  Since I was starting to worry that this might be one of those places where my husband leaves hungry, I let him have two of the skewers. I had the pork tenderloin with mexican rosotto and my husband had the chicken enchiladas.  My food was so fantastic that I didn't offer to share except for the rosotto.  My husband ate all of his enchiladas and didn't want my rosotto.  Since I decided to take half of my food home, we decided we could "share" a dessert.  (Meaning I had three bits)  We had banana and something empanadas. The food was really delicious, but minus my two mojitos, our bill was still over $70.  I just don't think it was $70 good.   I would consider trying it for lunch, since I work downtown.  I just don't think I would return for dinner, hence the 3 stars.
Best mexican ever. More like Mexican fusion than traditional, but incredibly flavorful.
Honey, order the Pollo Rotisado.  I've been eating chicken all my life, but I never knew chicken could taste so good.  The Mexican Risotto and Queso Flameado did it for me, too.  Their iced tea is good and they have Splenda.  I'm into it.  The decor is great.  The location is fun if you're early & get a chance to wander around the huge World Market Center and decorate and redecorate both the home you have and your dream home over and over in your mind.  A nice way to work up an appetite.  Once we arrived to actually eat dinner, the service by everyone was fabulous.  The chef was very kind and accomodating and came out to speak with a woman about to order who didn't "like spice" and come up with something that would be to her liking.  No overinflated ego despite chicken-cooking superpowers.  A couple bummers: -Too little of that delicious sauce with the chicken. -Didn't like the chips nor any of the three accompanying salsas. -Nothing special about the carnitas. -With such amazing fillings, it's a bummer the tortillas (both corn and flour) didn't taste made on site (even if they were.  I don't know.). -We didn't get the warmest welcome when we entered the restaurant for the very first time behind another group of people only to be snapped at by a cranky waiter whose only words to us were, "We're not open yet".  OK.  This being our first visit and seeing several people enter before us, we thought we'd make a dinner reservation.  We turned around and left (didn't make a reservation) and almost didn't return after such a terrible first impression.  That dude needs some serious training and we were so happy to not be seated in his section when we returned.  Still, there's no doubt I will be back.  I'll avoid that waiter again & order that delicious chicken again.  I think this place will only get better.  Be prepared to pay a pretty penny for the experience (but Restaurant.com or 3oclockclub.com can make it a little easier).
We loved their food.  I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass and my partner ordered the Garden Enchilada.  My sea bass was fresh and cooked to perfection.  My partner loved his enchilada.  We also had the Crisp Calamari for appetizer which was cooked very well.  The service was exceptional.  They accommodated our dietary needs (we are pescatarians).  Because they knew it was for my birthday, they also gave us a dessert: the bread pudding.  It was great.  This has to be the best one I had ordered here in Vegas.  I highly recommend the restaurant.  It is definitely a nice place to have a quiet night and enjoy food.
I loved it.... The bf would have given it 3.5 stars but he's white I'm Mexican. I know what good Mexican food is.... He doesn't :-)
Mundo is one of those hidden restaurants. You will not find this place on the strip or anywhere near it. It's located in the Las Vegas Design Center at the World Market Center. My girlfriend and I always come here each time we visit Vegas. The food and service are always excellent. On Friday Nights they also have a live band.   You start out your meal with some chips and a trio of salsas. Each one of them are excellent. Another enjoyable appetizer is the Queso Flameado. It is this amazing mix of 5 cheeses melted with mushrooms, cherry tomatoes, and a delicious chili sauce. You can enjoy this appetizer with the tortillas they provide, or the chips. I enjoyed it more with the chips, since it reminded me of an upscale version of nachos.   One of my favorite entrees there is the short rib enchilladas. These enchiladas are soaked in a pasilla tomato sauce. The meat was so juicy and tender. There was no need for a knife.   Then to end the meal, the Flan was memorable. It has a nice firm texture and the caramel was warm and sweet. it was a great way to end the meal.
The man can cook... the ahi tuna appetizer, shrimp tamale, and the carnitas were all top notch.. and the warm bread pudding desert topped off the meal to perfection. The old La Madonna location was much easier for us to get to, so we will not get the opportunity to visit as often, but we will look forward to it whenever we can. You should do the same... this is one of the better restaurants in all of Vegas.
I went to Mundo for the first time the other night completely skeptical.  My friend had talked this place up so much that I was looking for any small chink in the service.  Lets just say that the food and service exceeded all of my expectations.   When i walked in and sat at the bar i ordered a kettle and tonic.  The tonic was out of the gun but when i asked the bartender if he had any bottled tonic he was more then happy to locate a bottle that he had tucked away and the drink was a very fair pour.     At dinner i ordered the prime  fillet.  OMG, it was the perfect temperature.  seared nicely on either side and cooked to a perfect medium rare with hints of red chili.  The green tomatillo sauce and chili sauce were an excellent accompaniment to the steak.     The service was spot on and we did not want for drink nor food.  The atmosphere is trendy hip decor and every dish was thoughtfully prepared with attention to detail.     I would recommend this place anytime for any occasion.  Thank you Mundo, the pleasure was all mine.
The biggest shrimp I've EVER seen. Hand-sized and quite delicious. Mundo works with Alien Tequila and I strongly suggest  trying the Alien Tequila margarita if you go to Mundo. It is one of the smoothest drinks I've tasted.
Atmosphere:  Being inside the World Market Center, Mundo has certainly earned its right to the space inside this building. The mood is created by soft lighting (iron cast lanterns and dimly lit candles along the wall) and mirrors. Inspiration came from several places. The oversized teal and leather brown armchairs coupled with regular restaurant seats created an "Alice in Wonderland" feel to it. The lounged also captivated imagination with a similar approach. The use of mirrors, lanterns, and large objects was intriguing.   Drinks: He had a mojito and I had the sangria. They were decent, B-class drinks. The mojito was sweet and refreshing, the sangria was nice.  Food: Appetizer - had the fried calamari. It was delicious! Entrees - he had the carnitas (cooked to tender perfection) and I had the scallops. They were orgasmic! I would recommend these two dishes and order them both again for sure!
Service was excellent and the food was even better! Awesome Short Rib Tamales!
This Mexican restaurant is very upscale though I think the interior decorator may have pulled a fast one on the owners.  Our server, Jose Luis, was exceptionally informative and assisted us as we worked through the menu.  We started off with complimentary tortilla chips and 3 excellent dips.   My wife chose the avocado leaf crusted sea scallops with poblano and corn rice, mango relish and salsa verde.  I selected the tamarind ancho chile glazed pork tenderloin served with a mango relish and Mexican risotto (double cream, poblano and corn).  The tenderloin took 20 minutes to prepare so be forewarned.  We both agreed that this was our best dining experience in a very long time.
I had a lunch business meeting at this restaurant on 11/11/10. The location is amazing. There is plenty of parking. The décor of the resultant is beautiful. My 1st impression is how attentive our wait staff was. I ordered the skirt steak with the Mexican corn, WOW!, it was sooo good. The food tasted very fresh. For dessert I had the flan and shared some churros with the table, the chocolate the churros came with was amazing, the waiter told me they make it in house with Mexican chocolate.. great move! Mundo did not disappoint, I look forward to many more meals here when I am in Vegas.
This is without a doubt the best Latin restaurant I have been to in Las Vegas, and I've been to quite a few.   Every dish I've tried at Mundo has been delectable, but the red chile crust prime filet mignon and the pollo rostisado are my favorites.  There's also a great selection of wines to complement every meal.  To top it off, the decor in the restaurant is stylish and elegant, and the service is outstanding.   When family and friend come to visit, I take them to the Mundo Restaurant and I recommend it to everyone.
I've gone shopping several times at the outlets across the street and just recently realized I was foot steps away from this incredible restaurant. Its on the ground floor connected to that Vast Building - World Market Center. This place blends right in the exquisite countours of its surroundings including the  High Society individuals that roam around the floors buying/selling imported designer furniture.. Mundo showcases ULTRA Innovative Modern Classy / Chic Furniture + Lighting. Also a nice patio area for those of you who need to puff on something.  Appetizer:  Comes with Chips and 3 Different Salsas for dipping. Standard Nacho/Tortilla chips, 1 mild chunky red salsa, 1 cilantroey tad spicy green salsa and 1 roasted garlic packed brown salsa. All Very Tasty!  Queso Flameado: a mix  of cheese, mushroom, tomatoes and chile with a side of tortillas (I opted for flour). It looked like Abstract Art in a bowl.. First, I took a scoop of it and spread it on one half of the tortilla. Next, I folded over the plain half (make like a half moon or taco). Last, take a bite and enjoy! Just think quesadilla taco?! It was Astonishing! Be careful, to leave room for your entree as this quite a heavy starter.  Carnitas: chunky cubes stacked in the middle of the plate surrounded by a scoop of guacamole, slices of spicy seasoned tomatoes, onions and cilantro with a side of corn tortillas. This wasn't some Taco truck or any other type of carnitas I've seen or had before. Fork cut into it as if it was a razor sharp knife. Extremely tender and packed a mild yet unique pork flavor. A whole new take on carnitas that was remarkably Inspiring!  Chilean Sea Bass: jalapeno cilantro lime marinade, potato, jalapeno and tomato, thats been steamed in a banana leaf. It came wrapped in some paper with a couple slices of lime sitting on top. How imaginative, I've never opened a dinner gift before! I gently unwrapped the paper and there it was, a thick fillet of fish with the tomatoes, seasonings, jalapeno and potatoes anchoring it on both sides! The fork just slid through the fish as if nothing was there. This thing was so flaky/soft that it was about to disinigrate!!  I squeezed some of the lime juice on it, picked up a little piece of everything and had a taste.. Great complex flavors of cilantro and spices, it was nothing my palate had experienced before! It really was a gift.. Just the right everything, what a creative and sophisticated dish! Very Impressive!  Flan: small round, the usual looking flan with a little pool of sweet/cinnamony liquid?! Raspberry, Blueberry, nuts and a swipe of red berry syrup placed artisticly around it. Nice mix of colors and placement, another piece of art. Everything on point, no complaints! A nice way to end the night on a sweet note.  A Positive unusual perspective of Flavors, Masterpiece Presentations and First-Class Service!
I would have never found this place if I weren't looking for it.  We noticed by the clientele that it seems to be frequented mostly by fashionistas of sorts from the world market center.  After reading some glowing reviews we went to treat ourselves for an anniversary dinner.  Overall, food and atmosphere were both very pleasing, but I wasn't absolutely blown away.  Due to the relatively high price (we went for dinner), this isn't going to replace your weekly neighborhood Mexican joint, but definitely worth a visit for special occasions.  We started our meal with the "queso flameado", asadero cheese, goat cheese, mushrooms, tomatoes, and a serrano sauce.  YUM!  This was delicious, although it was essentially a bowl full of cheese.  We had way too much cheese for the few toasts provided, so ended up eating it straight.  This dish is probably better suited for a group of 4 than 2.  I'd prefer half the amount, and half the price so we could order a second appetizer!  I ordered the sangria that was way too sweet for my tastes (I prefer dry wines though, so I'm a bit finicky about sangria).  My boyfriend had a well made martini, and for his main course he ordered the "sarape de pollo", which was a simple pounded chicken breast with a limey dressing, black beans, cheese, guac, and pico.  He very much enjoyed it, I found it a bit too salty.  I ordered a seafood special, that was quite good, with a side of the famous sweet corn tamales.  The texture of the "tamales" was devine, but it was a bit too sweet for my tastes for the main meal.  I pretended I was eating desert with my meal and was happy.  For what it is, the price is appropriate and the food is relatively creative.  I would definitely return for a nice dinner or give the lunch specials a try (if it weren't so far away from my office), and I recommend others check it out, it's unlike any other I've found in Vegas.
Atmosphere:  As noted in another review, Mundo is located on the ground level of World Market Center at one of the most architecturally interesting intersections in the valley.  I love the décor and feel of the restaurant.  Drinks: We were on a business luncheon so not able to try drinks...sure wanted a margarita.  Food: Appetizer - good guacamole. Entrees - carnitas, short rib enchiladas and chile relleno's were all good. Dessert-churros and flan were nice ending to our lunch.  Service- I think the whole staff needs to be trained on service standards...service does not match up to atmosphere and food.  I mean offering more beverages, clearing plates at appropriate times and attentiveness to the table is very basic .  When you don't receive good service it ruins the overall dining experience.
After visiting the Las Vegas Premium Outlets we decided to have lunch at Mundo. The restaurant was very busy on this Friday afternoon so it was fortunate that we held reservations.   We received a bowl of taco chips plus 3 housemade salsas.  We both ordered the jalapeño chile spiced chicken enchiladas with roasted tomatillo sauce, salsa asada, melted chihuahua cheese and crema fresca.  Everything was very good including the service until our waiter was reassigned to duties at the bar.
The food here is great.  The service sucks.  First, I came here for dinner and drinks with my husband.  The restaurant looked pretty empty but they sat us next to a service station with a wastepaper basket.  The servers tossed trash past our heads into the trash can until I glared at them enough and they got the hint.  Still, it's not rocket science people.   But the shrimp Diablo and sea scallops were excellent.  Perfectly yummy.  More recently, I came here for lunch with a friend.  It was packed and you needed a reservation to sit at a table for lunch.  We ended up sitting at the bar and waiting forever for service.  The bartender handed us menus and then proceeded to run around like a chicken with his head cut off.  He just could not multi-task.  For example, if someone needed a drink refill that was his one and only focus.  He couldn't deal with more than one drink refill at a time, much less any other tasks.  It was painful to watch.  Some people sat next to us and they knew the drill.  When the bartender tried to hand them menus, they refused and rattled off what they wanted before he could get away.  When we tried to order from him after they did, the bartender wasn't having it.  Apparently he could only handle one task at once.  When we finally got him to take our order, he complained to us like it was our fault.  He said, and I quote, "It's not like I'm just hanging out back here."  Ok.  We had to remind him to bring our drink orders and had doubts that he even put our lunch order in.  It was horrendous.  By the time we got our food, my friend was starving.  She ordered the tortilla soup without cheese because she can't have cheese.  But it came with it anyway.  She had some and then focused on her cheese-free salad.  We knew we'd be there for another hour if we tried to resolve the soup issue, so we just let it go.  I hope she didn't get sick.  But once again, the food was excellent.  I had the chicken tostada salad which is deconstructed - not exactly what I expected. At first I thought they gave me the wrong thing. But it was really good. It comes with a whole chicken breast and then the tostada off to the side.  The chicken was nice and juicy.  It comes with a great, spicy sauce.  The tostada was crisp with the right amount of beans, salsa, guacamole, cheese, and crema.  The design of this place is just stupid.  A large chunk of the middle of the bar is taken up by a pile of ice with tequila in it.  Why I have no idea.  And they used to have tables across from the bar but they took those out to put in couches and ottomans.  All this makes no sense to me.  It's not like people are going to the World Market Center to go clubbing.  Yet they are designing it like a club for some reason.  But the restaurant could use more seating, especially during lunch.  They should bring out the couches and weird ice thing on the bar during dinner when it's dead if they think it's so brilliant.  They do not have the staff to handle the occasional demand for this place.  Plus, the staff I've encountered lack basic common sense. It's disappointing because the food is really well-executed.  Maybe takeout?  I have to give it an A-OK because I love the food.  I hope the service will get better.  I'll give it a few months and try again.  Perhaps.
Place is very good upscale Mexican. I recommend the fish tacos or one of the tamales.
Mundo is owned by longtime Las Vegas businessman George Harris. Mr. Harris is known for putting his money where his mouth is, taking political stands, backing candidates, launching a better tequila and now, opening Mundo Restaurant in the city of Las Vegas. I mention that it is in the city for locals who'll understand that it would have been easier to be closer to the Strip, in the county but Harris did right by Las Vegas at a time when the city needs all the new business it can get.  As I said, George Harris puts his money where his mouth is your mouth will love him for it. Mundo isn't what you'd call Mexican food, it's really high-end Southwestern cuisine.  Mundo is THE PLACE for locals celebratingt a special occasion and of course for visitors look for  THE BEST LAS VEGAS HAS TO OFFER.  -Willie Watters Las Vegas, Nevada
The location is beautiful and interior has a unique touch so it has a lot of promise to be a great daytime business lunch or a cozy dinner date.   We were just at the Premium Outlets next door and Yelperazzi needs some drinks.   There were three different waiters coming to our table at first and that's a lot of milling about when they don't coordinate with each other. One already talked to us about drinks, another took our order, another wanted to give us menus and take our order again. The ordering waiter was pushing hard for us to get appetizers when we were going to just try a drink and sit here deciding our next venue. We were just left alone after given drinks and complimentary chips until we were brought a check.   I got the Mundo Martini - Elnino said mine tasted like mountain dew blue. I've never had that, but the blue curacao and pineapple definitely come through and it's a sweet drink. I liked mine, but it wasn't the most palette tantalizing drink out there.  The Sassy Senority Margarita went to our sassy gal Lily. It has prickly pear in it and the juice was going bad which made the "feet" taste. We suggest they taste check their juices periodically.   Elninos drink, the Paloma had grapefruit in it, but I barely tasted it since it seems they didn't put juice- just a fruit slice. It was strong alcohol if you drink from one part of the drink and then water on the other. Mixed up well since the flavors weren't together and then it was watered down vodka with a grapefruit in it.   El Andys probably was the most "complex" in fragrance, but still was more sweet than anything. Still, the Spanish Kiss wasn't even a peck on the cheek.   All our drinks were $8-$11 which is a theft for drinks that didn't impress.(Sorry and thanks El Andy). Shoulda went to Herbs&Rye for a cocktail!    So this isn't our spot for drinks it seems but I'll give them another try for Happy Hour appetizers and also I have a GC for dinner so I'll save the next review for the most important items- the food. For now, I think for the weirdly enthusiastic, pushy service turned cold to the subpar drinks the 2 I think is fair.
First of all, I probably never NEVER ever EVER would have discovered this restaurant without yelp's assistance. Thanks for that yelp. This Mexican restaurant is tucked away in the World Market Center, which most people in Vegas are clueless about anyway. I strolled in here on a Saturday afternoon w/ a friend around 2. Even though the showrooms of the center were closed for the weekend, Mundo had a few groups of patrons. From the moment you walk in you just feel cool. You already feel like you aren't in Vegas from the outside. There is chic (and comfortable) furniture, trendy mirrors, CNN on the plasma, and a pleasant vibe. Its fancy, but not so fancy it makes you feel like you have to use your most prim and proper behavior. The waiters were very attentive, the menu is easy, drinks come in large wine type glasses, and you get complimentary tortilla chips and sauces.   I had the "Chicken Tostida Salad" and my friend just got some guacamole (its ridiculously priced at $9, but its mashed fresh to order). Although I expected a larger portion of the salad, it was divine! In all honesty, best salad I've ever tasted. The chicken was roasted to perfection and very tender. Be warned, it is spicy, but I probably should have expected that. For iced tea (unsweetened) and a salad, my order came to $17.30. The waiters were very friendly and stopped by our table multiple times to check on us.  I HIGHLY recommend this place. Can't wait to go back and get some more. As its not at all noticeable from the outside, its definitely a local surprise that everyone should experience.
I have been to this resturant three times so that should tell you that it is a good place to eat. the food is awsome the love the fact that the dinner menu is different from the lunch menu which allows you to try several different items on the meni. the happy hour portions are nice size as well for you to have sometyhing to snack on while having drinks. The pricing is well worth what you get in food size and taste. The one issue that needs to be addressed is the service. thw two times i was there i had servers who seemed as if they had just started with the resturant. Overall i would for sure tell people to try this place i will be going back when my friends come into town in two months.
1st of all - you need a map to find the place, and I knew it was in the World Market Center.  The access for locals is tough, the parking is even tougher, I had to circle three times just to find the way in.    Once in the place I hate to say I was disappointed, because typically I only review places I like, but this place just did not work for me.  I like Carnitas, and they were just not that good.    My wife had a tuna appetizer for her main course and she enjoyed it, but that did not make up for what seemed like a big price for a marginal meal......
Incredible!  Great food, great drinks, great atmosphere. Love that they are bringing such a fun time to downtown vegas.  If you like Mexican, you will LOVE this place.
Can you say FOOD-GASM? well, if you can't, I will say it again for you: FOOD-GASM!  My BFF (best foodie friend), Emily, took a group of us to this place off the Vegas strip, and now I am even more in love with her food "taste."  I am a sucker for any place that gives you more than one type of "sauce" to dip something in--Mundo gave us 3 yummy salsas to delight my tastebuds.   If that weren't enough, the Rostisado Chicken (Pollo Rostisado) had enough delectable spices to send me around the world flying on food ecstasy. The creamy street corn had a spicy kick which punched my mouth with flavor. And of course I had to try the Jalapeno risotto, just so my stomach could hate me with heartburn.   This is not a cheap place, but good friends save their pennies and take other friends with them to food heaven.   Thank you, Emily for being a good friend :)  (p.s. the service and atmosphere were nice as well)
Amazing!! Its a hidden gem. Great Service, delicious food, also romantic & beautiful atmosphere. Two Thumbs up, It's a must Go!
They are getting knocked down a star as I think the prices have gone up.  Still delicious food, but the lunch prices are a little high so I reserve this place for special splurges now.  Happy hour is still kick ass though and I still love the place.
Someone recommended that I try this place and I was more than pleasantly surprised.  We were seated quickly, chips and salsa came, three salsa choices not the typical one salsa.  I had the short rib tamale, and I wasn't sure what to expect, but when my food came (not a very long wait, which is great at lunch time) it was very pleasant to look at, more like a piece of art than lunch.  When I took my first bite...WOW!  Full explosion of flavor, great taste.  This is not your typical Mexican restaurant, to which added to me wanting to try it.  My wife and kids enjoyed their lunch, Our waiter was very quick to refill our glasses each time they got low, not empty.  Thanks to the whole staff for making it a great experience!
I'd come back here just for the Queso Flameado - a super tasty mix of cheeses, with a few mushrooms/tomatoes thrown in.. maybe some spicy chilis. Spinach was good, bread pudding dessert was excellent. The two steak entrees were good & excellent, I forget which one was the excellent one.. we were sharing. Man I suck.... but hey my Yelp reviews are more for me to remember where to go than to help you, my dear readers. My friends were impressed with the spunky valet in the hat. Nice decor, and awesome setting at the World Market Trade Center.. feels great to come out of there and see the impressive buildings.
I think I found my new favorite Mexican restaurant! What a great menu of upgraded of Mexican fare with familiar selections such as street tacos, chicken tortilla soup, enchiladas, carnitas, and very tasty sangria with fresh seasonal fruit!   However, you MUST, MUST, MUST order the the Mexican style street corn. Can you say, HEAVEN on a plate?! Morsels of de-cobbed corn kernels mixed in with a buttery tasting sauce with a little kick of spice.   Service was good, and ambiance even better. The decor composed Moroccan style lanterns fused with gothic velvet curtains. Great for a romantic dinner for 2 or even a catching up with a group of friends.   This one will definitely will be on the repeat visit list!
Odd, but neat location. A little hard to find. Great food.
Great food, fun atmosphere. Went here during happy hour..the staff was very friendly and helpful with ideas on what to order from the happy hour menu. I always ask what their fav. thing is. Great hangout spot to relax.
I'm constantly surprised by Mundo.  I seem to wind up here every couple of months, whether for lunch or dinner, and each time they have managed to come up with another tweak to their menu that takes Mex food to the next level. Is service the greatest in town? No.  Are prices low? Definitely not.  What Mundo does have is a unique, tasteful space, rocking sangria, and a veritable monopoly on gourmet Mexican fare in Las Vegas.  I have yet to take a first-timer here that hasn't been impressed. My only big complaint is that they took the Roasted Poblano Corn Chowder off of the menu.  One of the most phenomenal soups that I have ever tasted.  If you're a meat fan, I highly recommend the Ribeye, and the Poblano risotto is fantastic.
Mundo has, hands down, my favorite happy hour in Vegas. Ok well one of my top 3!  Popped in with girlies yesterday for snacks and sangria. Sangria and margaritas are $4. Can't beat that!  They make a quality fresh margarita - none of that premade mix crap. There are other drinks offered at happy hour as well. There's about 15 food items to choose from ranging in price from $3 for a moist delicious sweet corn tamale to $10 for steak skewers with chimichurri. The queso flameado and calamari are a must! Chips and salsa are complimentary and Aaron and Mark will take excellent care of you.   Furthermore, it's awesome inside. The chocolate brown velvet coupled with the bright turquoise accents and hanging lanterns set the scene in this hidden gem.
Thank you Yelp for once again steering us to a fabulous out-of-the way spot we would have never found without you!  Chips and Salsa are brought to the table (thank you). We also ordered some guacamole. Fantastic. The sangria was above average but the margaritas were out of this world! Our server Jose (helpful, courteous, attentive and all around A+ server) recommended the Shrimp Tamale and it was amazing! I had garden enchiladas which were also great but second to the shrimp dish. Also had the Mexican risotto as a side: sublime. The Mexican corn side dish was good but didn't really mesh flavor-wise with my dish so I think I would have enjoyed it more with a different entree. Too full for dessert! Then, the cherry on top: we got a discount for our Yelp check-in! Whoo Hoo! To sum up: superb food, exceptional service, delicious drinks, delightful ambiance. Worth the trip off the strip.
Been here twice for lunch! Chips and salsa are good! First time I had the Chilean Sea Bass tacos... yummy but a bit too spicy for my taste buds! Nonetheless, it was still flavorful! Today I had the Steak tacos... Yummers!! Love the decor! Friendly & quick service! Kind of pricey for Mexican food... but it's worth it!
I love upscale Mexican food, so I've been looking forward to eating at Mundo ever since I bought a 3oclockclub coupon to there a couple months ago. I  made my reservation well in advance, assuming that a place like this would be slammed on a Saturday night. Thanks to the directions in previous reviews, parking was a breeze (valet in the north lot - you're right out front of the restaurant). I really enjoyed the decor and atmosphere inside and the service was excellent. Even though the room is very open, our table still had a nice quiet feeling. Then again, that may be because the entire restaurant has a quiet feeling (7pm on a Saturday - 2 other parties eating!). The food was very good. We got the queso flameado to start and seriously, my husband and I were practically licking the bowl to get every bit of that cheesy goodness out. For our dinner we split the chicken taquitos (solid) and the carnitas (excellent). The carnitas was probably 8-10 good sized chunks of pork in a delicious sauce, served with tortillas (corn or flour) and some veggies/guacamole on the side. The meat was really really good.  This is a pretty upscale place, so the entrees all average around $25. For 1 entree, 2 appetizers, and 2 glasses of wine, our total with tip was about $100. One problem with Mundo: I wanted to feel like I was going "out" when I came here (yes, I like a little bit of a scene, especially when I'm paying big bucks). Maybe it's more of a lunch place? Happy hour crowd? Maybe the location is just too weird? Not quite sure what the issue is, but I really hope that the place catches on! In the meantime, I will keep Mundo in mind, but will not be rushing back.  bottom line: great food, great service, cool atmosphere, high prices, no people.
Took some out of towners for dinner last night.  There were muy impressed with the world market center and the lovely decor and ambience of Mundo.  Our food was excellent.  We started with the queso flameado and guacamole.    Unfortunately, they served our 2 quesos with 6 tortillas and we had 7 people.  Honestly Mundo!?!? You can't serve 1 tortilla per person when we ordered $28 worth of queso??? Not cool.  We asked for more tortillas and received them approximately 12 minutes later after the cheese had congealed.  I had the scallops.  They were seared with a cripy outside and tender inside; topped with a mango  brunoise and accompanied with a flavorful rice.  It was delicious - SPICY!  Everyone else was pleased with their meals too.  All plates were spotless after the meal!  Service was mediocre at best but food delicious as always.
As the only Yelper in my group, I've gotten used to the pressure of "Steph, find us a good place to go." In this case we were in Vegas, where the options are endless! The group consensus was that they wanted Mexican food, but higher end (and I wanted a cocktail!!!)  Found Mundo, and got there at 6:50 pm (Happy hour ended at 7 pm.) I was stoked to make it, because they had 1/2 off appetizers and drink specials. We weren't sitting in the bar, though, and I was told happy hour was just for bar patrons. We couldn't move because we had an infant with us....I guess I looked sad, because suddenly our server changed his mind and allowed us the special pricing. Yay!   Our party of 4 had a variety of different appetizers, including chicken "taquitos" that were street tacos of the most gourmet varierty. Their calamari appetizer is NOT TO BE MISSED. Next time I go to Vegas I want an order of that all to myself. For an entree, my boyfriend and I shared the filet mignon chile rilleno, and that (along with guacamole, calamari, and bites of the chicken street tacos) was more than enough food.   The margaritas were fabulous, and on special during happy hour. I think their house margaritas are $3 or $4 dollars. Very fresh, and did not give me heartburn, so I think the mix was homemade. Delish!   They have an accoustic guitarist play every night, and on this particular night he was playing everything from Frank Sinatra to John Meyer. It was the perfect noise level, loud enough that it was enjoyable, but not so loud that you couldn't hear your friends talk across the table. My perfect decibel level. I think the biggest fan of our group was my 18 month old niece, who was swaying to the music the whole time.   Overall, we loved the ambience, the service, the quality of the food, and the cocktails. Yelp--you came through yet again. We will definitely be back to this hidden gem.
Awesome
contemporary mexican food, great flavor, if not slightly pricey.  This place is actually located on the ground level of the massive World Market center just north of the Premium Outlets mall, so if you think you are driving the wrong way, you are likely right on track.  There are two things on the menu that stand out, the Wagyu Skirt Steak dinner and the Mexican Street Corn side dish.  We have tried a few things, but these are the best. The skirt steak has great flavor, and the mexican corn is so creamy and lime with just enough cilantro (which I hate) to be perfect.  The flavor on both of these dishes is outstanding.  Now the reason for 3 stars and not 4.  If you order 2 of those skirt steakd dinners with 4 margaritas and you are over $100 without tip, so set expectations accordingly.  Mundo is 4 star on flavor, but I gave them 3 stars as they are just a bit pricey.  Maybe if drinks were less it would be enough to get the bill down and i would have no reservations on a 4 star rating.
Update:  Although only three checkins, I've been to dinner here at least 15 times. Service is alway mediocre and the food always amazing. Be sure to try the sangria.   As a local, in search for a great Mexican restaurant, I may have found it.  Amazing food full of flavor. Beautiful interior and good service. I found this restaurant on Wednesday and came back Saturday. On my first trip I had the lunch special of grilled Mahi tacos with mango salsa and today was my favorite dish from any restaurant this year...short rib enchiladas. OMG soooo good, I'm thinking of making the 15 mile drive again tomorrow.
I finally got around to trying Mundo. The husband and I dined on a Tuesday night, it was pretty quiet with only a couple other diners. You'd expect service to be top notch, but unfortunately it was confused more than anything. We had three different people check on us, but there was no communication between them. Odd, but on to the food. We started with chips and salsa and guacamole. The guac was simple, fresh and tasty. Next, we ordered the shrimp tamale and carnitas. The tamale was very good with chipotle glazed shrimp. The carnitas, however, were a big disappointment. There was more fat than meat, the flavor was bland seemingly tasting of wine more than anything else. I missed that tender succulent porkiness you usually get with carnitas. These were such a miss it was tempting to run over to Casa Don Juan to satisfy the craving.   I tend to favor authentic Mexican but I did like Mundo (aside from the carnitas) better than other upscale Mexican restaurants I've tried -  Dos Caminos, Isla, and Agave.
While it is very hard to find the food is excellent.  We decided to try it one night we were headed to Fremont Street and it was well worth the stop.  The soup was delicious, margaritas perfectly mixed and my steak super tender.  Our waiter, Jose, was so funny he had us rolling.
This place came recommended by one of the receptionists at our hotel, the food was excellent, moderately priced, and timely: Things I love. The waiters changed, between ordering drinks & appetizers (the Mexican street corn is a definite MUST) and ordering dinner. So, in the change, they forgot our sweet potato fries, but I'd still say it was a great experience
Mundo is a hidden gem in Las Vegas! Located in the World Market Center, it's centrally located near downtown. Trendy and cool you definitely feel like a VIP. I had lunch with a client at Mundo and had the chicken tacos. Served al a carte, the portions aren't huge but perfect for lunch. We also ordered the guacamole which was made to order and delicious. My tacos were $12, a little pricey for a lunch, but definitely worth the food, service and atmosphere.
Mundo would rate a full 5 stars but I am subtracting a half star for the poor music and the high volume even at 5 PM when there were no young things there who wanted to listen to techno music done loud.  Other than that, I really enjoyed going here tonight.  It is pricey, but I knew that going in and we had a $25 Restaurant.com certificate.  We were brought the chips and salsa and we ordered the guacamole.  The salsa and guacamole were great!  The waiter gave us plenty of time to study the menu.  When we were not yet decided, we asked him over to answer some of our questions. Based on his full knowledge of the menu items and their manner of cooking, we ordered.  My wife got the pollo rostisado with a side of spinach with garlic and onions.  The side came with her meal.  Since she's such a gringa, she had them make the spinach without the jalapeños (what a shame!).  Her chicken came with a great seasoning and she got the tamarind chile glaze in a side dish.  Together, the seasoning and the tamarind glaze were superb!  I ordered the sea scallops with diablo spiced rice, ripe mango relish, and an avocado leaf crust on the scallops.  This was another winner with great seasoning - spicy on the scallops and good zing with the rice.  I ordered a side of Mexican style street corn with chile arbol, cotija cheese, with citrus and cilantro.  The corn was very good and it also had good spiciness.  I decided to go for dessert, too.  I ordered the churros.  They serve them with caramel inside and some caramel drizzled over them.  There's a small bowl of Mexican chocolate for dipping the churros or spooning on and a small dip of vanilla ice cream.  It was a perfect end to this dinner.  I really like Mundo.  I like the interior with its light wall and the chain lamps hanging from the ceiling.  It really was an enjoyable evening.  Service was prompt, friendly, and knowledgeable.  I know I'll be back!
If you have $100 to spare on food and drinks, there's no better place to dine. What more can I say than I dine out at least twice a week and it's mi all time favorito! Might I also note, I'm super critical when it comes to Mexican food. It is gourmet, but truly authentic.
I had this place on my radar for some time. I have been to this group's previous endeavor, La Madonna, some time back and had really enjoyed the cuisine there. Mundo is pretty much the same concept with the same successful outcome.   I had a gift card that I have wanted to use and I also heard about the 15% off one entree with a Yelp check-in so was eager to try it out.  I had read about bad service from previous Yelp reviewers, but was pleasantly surprised by the service the bartender / waiter gave us. He was very friendly and hospitable. He made the evening quite enjoyable. I started my meal off with an Alien Margarita, which was heavenly, my fella wasn't as lucky with his martini. It was a little, I mean a lot, too strong for either of us to digest. He was a trooper and downed it at the end though. I ordered the filet mignon chile relleno and my fella got the shrimp diablo. Both were amazing. The sauces were perfection, the flavors were well-balanced and the perfect texture. I preferred my dish, but the shrimp was no joke. Super spicy and delicious. I look forward to trying some of the sides and appetizers when I come back with more of an appetite or during Happy Hour.  We finished our meal with some homemade flan. This was absolutely delicious. I would have preferred no fruit on top as I don't like the mixture of flavors, but this was easily my favorite part of the meal.  I look forward to trying this place again for lunch or maybe even their brunch options and I've heard good things about their Happy Hour. If only the location wasn't so awkward and out of the way. Oh well, totally worth the effort.
I've eaten here three times and each time the food has impressed me. A couple of things I like are the portions and the attention to detail. This is not a Hash House (no offense but who can eat that much) second the quality and taste are right on point. One example is the Chicken Tostada. Not what you think but really good. The skin is charred in a way that gives it an amazing flavor and texture.  Everything I have tried works for me. I have only been here for lunch so it's time to ring the dinner bell on this gem. The decor is really nice as well.  As others have stated finding it might be your biggest challenge but the valet is literally steps from the door. It's in the World Market Center on the first floor.
Went here today as a spur of the moment yelp spot.   Was looking for something around Charleston and the I-15 area and lo and behold i found this place.  My first impression was how fancy the place was.  You're ok if you dress casual but you'd feel a lot more comfortable if you wore something a little more dressy.  Like a button up or something of that nature. I walked in with a T-Shirt and jeans thinking it was a casual restaurant and was surprisingly mistaken.  Ambiance is Very classy romantic.  Would be a good place to get to be able to talk and get to know a date.  They have unique chandeliers hanging from the ceilings and a wall of dim lights that gives it that romantic feel  Service was great and very accommodating.  For the ladies the waiter would place the napkin on the ladies lap and all that fancy jazz.  While i can learn to love the feeling i know the ladies felt funny about it knowing we were feeling underdressed.  They were very prompt on refilling drinks and making sure we were very comfy.  Food was delicious.  I ordered the shrimp diablo.  It was filling, packed with flavor and heat (as something with the word diablo in the name should!)   The rice it was served with i felt accompanied the dish very well. My friend ordered the Sea scallops with the mango relish and was in love with that as well.  We all felt full but not quite full where we were uncomfortable.  So it was justly sized portions.  Price of the place is on the high end of the $$.  Typically entree's ranged from 20- 40$   Overall i liked the place a lot and would consider a date here if i'm on that side of town.  Maybe a nice stop to fill up before first friday or something.
We had our wedding reception/luncheon here on a Saturday, and they made a reservation for us for 30 people no problem, and had the table ready to go and beautifully decorated when we arrived. They even asked if we had special requests of how we would like it set-up. We ordered from the brunch menu, and everyone was more than satisfied with the food. A couple orders did come out just slightly behind the others, but they made sure to come and acknowledge it, and provided a complimentary entree for us to sample while we waited. The decor of the Restaurant was gorgeous and they allowed us to take wedding photos in a side room that happened to be empty, and even offered to adjust the lighting for our photos. They were willing to split the check by couples, and the entire staff was very courteous through the whole experience. I was nervous about going here for such an important event, considering we didn't know anyone that had actually dined here before, but it turned out so wonderfully, and helped create some beautiful memories.
First of all, what a fun place. Probably a bit hard to find your first time (I was a passenger, so perhaps it's just me being poor with my sense of direction), but it's a little hidden away in the World Market Center. We valeted , which is a little funny b/c your car ends up parked right next to the door, but for a couple bucks, it's super convenient.  Inside, the decor is hip, the tables are very generously spaced - no bumping into anyone on the way to the bathroom.  So back to the dinner. I had the Queso Flameado for a starter, because, well, I can't turn down much that has 'queso' in the name... It was flavorful and interesting with the addition of goat cheese.    For an entree, I split the Scallops with Mr. L - perfectly seasoned and cooked, great texture.  We were dining with friends that are vegan, and they seemed extremely pleased with what there was available to order, and the waiter was very accommodating with helping them modify certain dishes.   Topped off with a pretty reasonably priced bottle of pinot noir, and it was a great night!  I hear this place is busy for lunch, but it seemed like a fairly slow dinner time... I really don't want them to close for dinner hours, so please give this place a try for dinner too! :-)
This place is truly a gem. I have been here twice and will continue to go back time and time again. First of all, the Alien Margaritas are AMAAZING! They fresh squeeze the limes, use Alien tequila, and agave nectar. Very delicious! The sangria is also very good but does not compare to the margaritas. Over the last two visits I have tried the sea scallops crusted with ground up avocado leaves, the sea bass in a cilantro jalapeno sauce, and the chile relleno stuffed with filet mignon and goat cheese. These were all delicious dishes but the sea scallops are still my favorite. They come with a rice that has a diabla sauce on it that adds spice and flavor to the scallops. If you do not usually like scallops because they are lacking in flavor you may enjoy this dish. I really hope that word gets out about this restaurant since it is hidden and not many people seem to know about it.
Ok, now it's time to talk a little bit about their brunch!  We went for dinner, which was my first review. Dinner was excellent, but on our way in we noticed a sign for their brunch specials on the weekend. Brunch is perhaps my favorite meal of the day, so it was decided --- Mundo brunch for my birthday :-)  We had a table of 6 I think, and were one of only a couple groups in the whole place. I'd love to see this place stay, so I'm hoping more of you will give it a try!  So first things first. Bottomless drinks. For $20 you get either bloody marys or mimosas (in several flavors far more interesting than just OJ). Our server gave us the great idea of one person ordering one, the other ordering the other, and we could mix-match to our hearts desire! Genius since I love bloody marys, but bottomless could weigh you down after awhile.   Food - I got the Benedict Mexicano --- DELISH. Jalapeno corn bread instead of english muffin. Pork carnitas instead of canadian bacon/ham. Green chile hollandaise instead of normal heavy hollandaise.  Genius. It was so good, it makes me wonder why Mr. Benedict didn't just make it this way from the beginning.    Normally I have order envy, where no matter how happy I am with what I order, I covet what my neighbors have. Not this time. I didn't want to trade, I didn't want to share.  I can't even tell you what the other 5 people at my table ordered, but they all loved it too, so I don't think you can go wrong :)
We stumbled upon this place, after visiting the Design Center.  I had heard about it from less-than-trustworthy sources (as far as food recommendations go), but I have to say I was pleasantly surprised. We went in for a Saturday lunch service, and the place was pretty much empty (maybe four or five tables and our own). The hostess was nice and quickly took us to our table. The decor is electic, I guess, though I thought the wall of sconces was tacky and unnecessary, even more so given that they are located it at a walking distance from one of the only places in Las Vegas were design rules. Other than that, the ambiance was nice, music quite lame (Mexican pop artists, like Paulina Rubio...really?), the lighting dim, and the waiters friendly and biligual.   We ordered the fried calamari to start (about $15). They were executed well (crunchy, not soggy), and the dipping sauces were nice: one was green, with cilantro and serrano undertones, and the other was basically a chipotle mayo. For entrees, I ordered the chipotle glazed salmon with roasted vegetables, and my husband ordered the short rib enchiladas. The former was very good, though piping hot (maybe left a bit too long under the salamander). It was well portioned, and came drenched in a tomatillo sauce (good), and roasted veggies (including red peppers and zuchinni). It was $18, and overall, it was really good. The salmon was probably a defrosted version, but again, what can you realistically expect in this city?  The other entree, the short rib enchiladas, were very good (for about $16-$18). If you're really hungry, make sure you stock up on appetizers, as this plate only has two, albeit delicious, enchiladas. They are drenched in a red "enchilada sauce" (as most Americans will eagerly call it), and I was pleased to realize that it was very authentic-Mexican-tasting. They were also missing the signature cheddar chesse/sour cream toppings, that were infamously made popular by places like Taco Bell. Overall, they were delicious and I would definitely order them again.   We asked our waitress for a dessert menu, but she proceded to tell us there were "churros con chocolate" available. We shrugged, then she said they also had flan...and coffee. A bit lacking, I would say, and I would have preferred to look at a dessert menu, even though by that point, I was stuffed.   Overall, the service is nice, the ambiance is romantic and casual, and the food is good. Do not expect extremely authentic Mexican flavors, but they are good enough to come back. Further, their location makes you feel you are in a real city, with real buildings!
This restaurant is in the World Center Market. My girlfriend and I have been twice for lunch while visiting Las Vegas and both times were very good. The location is a little strange but the decor is great. The last time I got the Wagyu steak fajitas that were delicious. The steak was very tender and the flavor with the peppers and onions was amazing. My girlfriend got the short rib enchiladas that were also very good. The biggest surprise was the toasted nachos from the vegetarian part of the menu for our appetizer. They were simple but delicious. The service both times was a little sub par but still worth it.
WORST DINING EXPERIENCE EVER!  We made reservations for Mundo Restaurant after a glowing recommendation by a good friend. After days of anticipation my wife and I finally had a date for my birthday - just the two of us.   We were sat at a table for two next to a pillar by the bar. The first thing I noticed was that my fork on the table was filthy. It looked as though someone had dipped it into melted cheese, took a lick and decided it was too hot to eat so they left it to cool down on the table. EEWW. Strike ONE!!!   Our server finally came after waiting almost 10 minutes, and asked if we wanted something to drink. Before we ordered our drinks, I asked if he was the server we had requested on our reservation. He replied with a stiff 'NO" and told me the server we were looking for had the day off, OK I thought, no big deal. We were just told to ask for that server because he was a friend of a friend.   While looking through the menu, my wife asked if any of the entrees were not spicy. He replied, "This is a Mexican restaurant, everything will have some spiciness to it." OK, not the response my wife and I were expecting. Strike TWO!!! We finally ordered our food on his suggestion that the entree, carnitas, would not be too spicy for my wife, and I ordered the sea bass. The server asked if we wanted chips and salsa and my wife and I said "sure". He hollered to someone from there to bring some chips and salsa.  A few minutes later we received the chips and salsa which were stale and had powdered chili on them. HELLO!   Our appetizer of calamari was bland. It had two different sauces with it. One which was green and was OK. My wife asked that person who dropped off the chips n salsa, if she could order a frozen drink. She rarely drinks and I guessed she wanted to loosen up a little. The server came over after quite a while and said that they did not have a blender behind the bar to make frozen drinks with. Strange I thought but - whatever. No suggestions on anything else, just sorry no blender. My wife's vegetarian tortilla soup that she had ordered on the servers recommendation that it would not be spicy, was brought with a wonderful presentation by a friendly and sincerely happy young man. Unfortunately the soup was more like a tomato broth. She did not like it - and it was spicy.   Our entrees came out and dropped off. No one asked if we needed anything else at the moment, if we could use another drink, not even a simple "Enjoy". My seabass was wrapped in some kind of parchment paper. Smelled pretty good, but was too spicy even for me who enjoys spicy food. My wife's carnitas she said was OK, also had some kind of salad to one side which on her first bite made her turn red and cry. She exclaimed "This is SPICY!" The server walks by and I tell him that he had said her dish would not be spicy. His response was, "Oh just be careful with that," pointing at the salad, "it has slices of Habanero in it." I couldn't believe it. The spiciest chili in the world, maybe, was on my wife's plate. And no sorry no nothing. Horrible.   It came to dessert, and my wife mentioned that we were there celebrating my birthday and the server went into a verbal list of desserts. I think the banana thing sounded OK but I didn't catch it all. My wife wanted the flan and I asked for an after dinner cordial, which the server didn't know if they had or not so he went to check.   The flan came out with a candle which was cool, but the drink didn't arrive 'till we were pretty much done with the flan - But the bad part about it was that the drink was not what I wanted at all. I tasted it and was very disappointed that the server just left it and didn't tell me that they didn't have what I wanted and assumed that I wouldn't know what he had brought to the table. The server finally came over after about 7 minutes and when l asked, if he had brought out what I had asked for and saw that the drink was still full, he said - "No, but this is better, it's one step up from the other one." I looked at him and said I didn't want it.   To make it worse, my wife and I couldn't enjoy the rest of the night because we ended up getting sick. We were still burping up the food the next day at lunchtime. A horrible experience all around. So much so that I normally give places a second chance but am 99% sure this will be a first time no go again. The food was OK but not for the price, the service was the worst I have ever experienced. I tried to post something on their website but even their site was not accessible.
I love the ambiance, and valet parking right at the door. The service has always been great with a decent wine selection. I always have gone with the chef specials when ordering, and it has yet to disappoint. Great place to take friends and family out to a new place. In my opinion this is a hidden vegas hotspot!
My favorite latin food restaurant in Vegas thus far.  it was very romantic/classy but we weren't at all frowned upon for wearing jeans and a t-shirt.  It was overall a great experience and the fact that we parked a little further away made me happy cause we got to walk around after a great meal.  We weren't supposed to but we started browsing around the world market center and window shopping through various showrooms.  Then we got kicked out very nicely.  haha.  The food at the restaurant was fantastic though!
Easily a five star restaurant. My husband and I moved to Las Vegas almost a year ago and dinner last night at Mundo is the best meal I've had here. The decor is very chic and feels relaxing and inviting and the staff is super friendly. It was my birthday and we had a coupon from travelzoo.com for 2 drinks, 1 app, 2 entrees, and 1 dessert for $55. We paid for tax ($10) and tip ($25) so dinner was $90. I had a margarita and hubs had a mojito, both were good. For our appetizer, we had the skirt steak skewers, they were good. The skewers were served with a chimichurri sauce and a side of marinaded avocados and a kind of latin cole slaw. I had the sea bass, it was delicious. The fish was cooked well and came with a jalapeno and a roma tomato on top and was served with potatoes. It  was cooked in parchment paper and had great flavor. My husband ordered the scallops, they were cooked perfectly and had great flavor. Our dessert was the banana empanadas, they were amazing. The empanadas came with a small scoop of vanilla ice cream and a caramel sauce. I would highly recommend the empanadas. Since it was my birthday, they brought me a free shot of tequilla. I would not hesitate to eat here again and Mundo would be a great place to bring friends, family, or clients. Mundo was not busy for dinner on a Thursday night but that is not surprising since it is located in the World Market Center which closes at 6. I would like to try their happy hour.
Finally visited this place for the second time and a star bump this time around....service was great, and food was great.  Here is the breakdown: -Appetizer: Queso Flameado: This is very yummy...Even better than the first time because instead of 3 tortillas, there were 4! Highly recommended if you like melted cheese with tons of flavor (combination of cheese, mushrooms, tomato and a green chile sauce)  -Entree: Chilean Seabass:  Wow, this was so good.  When I ate here the first time, I wasn't a fish person.  This time around, I was glad that I tried this entree.  The fish was super tasty and the fattiness just melts in your mouth.  Was perfectly seasoned and steamed to perfection.  The jalapeno cilantro lime marinade was the perfect marinade for this fatty fish.  yum yum yum.  -Entree: Prime Filet Mignon:  Nice cut, but over cooked.  We asked for medium rare, it came  out medium.  If only this was cooked to how we ordered, Mundo may have received 5 stars,  but that didn't happen.  However, the sauce was delicious.    -Side: Mexican Risotto : I asked our server which side is the most popular and he recommended this side...we were kinda set on this side prior to asking him for recommendation, but I wanted to confirm that it's good.  Indeed it is!  This risotto had poblano chile, corn and cilantro.  Was very rich and creamy.  -Dessert: Banana Empanadas:  Again, recommendation by our server and yet again, a hit at our table.  It's batter-fried banana with caramel drizzled on top and a scoop of creamy icecream. Was the perfect way to finish this wonderful dinner.  -Drinks: Alien Margarita and Mojito:  The margarita was very good with the salt.  My favorite part of it is after the server pour the tequila from a small 'Alien' glass bottle, the bottle is for you to keep if you wish.  The mojita was nice and strong.  Overall, a 4-star dining experience.  Ambiance was great, the service was great (thank god we had a good server), the food was almost perfect.  Highly recommended.
A friend checked into Mundo and after discovering what exactly it was, I had to try it! Spanish/Mexican fine-dining hidden in the Las Vegas Design Center. When Market starts, I can only imagine how many of the haute interior designers are going to love eating here in the chic modern decor.   I jumped at the $20 for $40 yelp 'deal'. (not sure if its still available) It was the perfect opportunity to try a new place and save myself $20. Chips & salsa to munch on were served to the table while we waited for our food. We ordered the tamales with blackened shrimp and sea scallops with a spicy chili rice. And being a lover of french fries I got a side of the Mundo fries (regular & sweet potato) to share. The meal was phenomenal!!! The tamales were some of the best I've ever had. The masa was on the sweeter side (which i love) and it meshed very well with the perfectly grilled more savory shrimp. The sea scallops were so flavorful! I'm a person who requires heavily seasoned food and this place is right up my ally.  My mother said the rice was a bit spicy. Not gonna lie, it had a bit of kick to it! But it was a heat that complimented our very rich meal. My tamales were HEAVY ON THE BUTTER!!! So I nibbled a bit more on her spicy rice.  As stuffed as we were, we got the banana empanadas to share. Hot and Cold. Creamy and Crispy. All around a satisfying dessert to finish off our meal.   TIP: I hear the margaritas are awesome! And don't order the fondue unless you have 4+ people.  They could probably dress their hostess a bit nicer (her butt was about to fall out). But service was excellent! Our waiter was so sweet and more than willing to answer any questions we had.  I'll be back!
I love this place! It has the atmosphere of being in a city like NYC or San  Fran. The fist time I went there I had the quesadilla. It was one of the best I have ever had. Perfectly spicy! My boyfriend had the scallops and they were cooked to perfection!   Their Brunch menu is to die for! and the prices are great.  I had the huevos rancheros with an egg over easy. WOW! So tasty. I would definitely recommend that dish again, I wouldn't even need to try another, I loved this so much. My boyfriend had the jalapeno eggs Benedict. The muffins had jalapenos in it. I think it was also made of corn bread. Delicious but too heavy for me! Definitely try this place out, it is a gem!
Nice Upscale Mexican Food. The food is very clean tasting with complex ingredients not heavy and greasy like your average run of the mill Mexican joint. My husband said it was the best Mexican food he ever had. We went around 3 pm and it was a dead, we were the only ones there. The waiter said it is super busy at lunch and at dinner time, next time I would go during those times, skip the middle of the day.   Otherwise a great dining experience!
Quirky... a little secluded and definately worth the hunt. Located in the bottom floor of building A of the World Market Furniture market, we definatley could have used a larger sign. Your best bet is to enter in the back of the buildings on the north side of the property and its right there.  If you remember LaMadonna then you know Mundo. Same great (SNOOTY MEXICAN) food in a relaxing elegant environment. If you are downtown and are looking for an interesting place for a meeting or intimate lunch date Mundo is it. Don't forget to check in on Yelp. I did and a 15% off coupon popped up on my phone.  The weekend brunch menu was delicious. We sampled four plates and they were each perfect.
Husband and I loved this place..the ambiance was nice, the food was amazing.. for appetizeers we had the queso flameado and the ahi tuna tostada both were very yummy; Entrees: hubby  had the shrimp tamale which was incredible, I had the filet mingon chile relleno which was delish as well. Everything was cooked to perfection. We will defintely be going back regularly.
I love everything mundo! The scallops, the guacamole, the liquid pleasure martini, and anything alien tequila.they make bomb alien margaritas! Tres leches dessert! I love you chef!
I work downtown and have been here several times for lunch.  I keep raving about it to my wife and finally got her to try it with me for dinner a few weeks back.  She went in not wanting to like it for whatever reason and came away as impressed as I was.  Dinner is a completely different menu and equally exciting as the lunch menu.  We started out with the skirt steak skewers, nicely charrerd and perfectly cooked with the best chimichurri glaze I've ever had.  For entrees, she had the vegetarian quesadilla, with a real garden basket of ingredients inside.  I had the filet mignon chile relleno, a different and wonderful take on the traditional Mexican offering.  The service was attentive and professional.  Highly recommend for those looking for an upscale Latin cuisine experience.
Chicken taquitos and the chicken enchilladas were great. The chips and the appetizer salad were also very good. The service was wonderful Jose, Gordon and all the others made the evening very entertaining. Best Mexican food I've had in Las Vegas.
My boyfriend brought me here for a surprise celebration brunch this past Saturday.  Eleven o'clok on the dot on a fabulous Saturday morning we walk into this trendy restaurant - first ones there and quickly seated of course.  We were seated on a two person table with one chair that looked like a king's throne and the other was just a regular black restaurant chair.  Not that chairs matter because they don't.  The table was extremely wobbly, but their food runner was able to fix it for us.    Service started off extremely slow.  My coffee and Edgar's arnold palmer came about ten minutes after ordering- which to me is much too long of a wait for drinks.  Edgar could see my annoyance and quickly reminded me to "give it a chance and just enjoy myself."  I know I know.  I'm a bit of a snob with places like this, but hey- I'll give credit where credit is due!   The drinks came.  Coffee was okay (had tidbits of coffee remnants in it), and his arnold palmer was straight up iced tea.  BUT, the second round of drinks were fabulous, so I'll cut them some slack on that.  It was early, we were the first ones there- I understand the rough patches.  Anyhow - we splurged today.  I ordered the benedicts and mexican french toast.  He ordered the chilaquiles and vanilla pancakes.    Complimentary chips and salsa were brought out first.  The chips were seasoned, but I wish they were warm.  It seemed like it was just taken out of a bag, and the salsa tasted bottled.  BOTTLED?!  Ahh!  I'm not 100% certain that it was because I didn't ask, but it didn't have that fresh taste.  HOWEVER I won't count this against the restaurants since #1) it's free and #2) chips and salsa - who cares??  Benedict Mexicano: Fabulous.  Their take on eggs benedicts is divine.  Instead of an english muffin they make their own jalapeno cornbread.  It was just a tad too sweet to my liking, but it was nicely balanced out with their take on hollandaise sauce (tasted very creamy - like they used la crema?) and pork carnitas instead of canadian bacon.  Oh, and each topped with a perfectly poached egg.  When you cracked the egg, and the creamy yolk ever so slowly spread throughout the dish like molten lava over a valley, you couldn't help but try to make time go faster.  Okay, the yolk wasn't spreading that slowly, but that's what it felt like - I couldn't help that time was going in slow motion because of the beauty of the dish, give me a break will yea?  But oh my word, it was great!  The hollandaise didn't have that lemony zest taste like standard run of the mill hollandaise.  It was crema creamy and had a slight green chile flavor to it.  You can see the bits of green chile, but the flavor was very very light so not to overpower the sauce.    Chicken Chilaquiles: Looked dry, but it was juicy as heck!  Everything was nicely balanced, and the flavors - oh the flavors.  It all worked harmoniously together .    As for the french toast and vanilla pancakes.  Ehh- they were good, but they weren't out of this world fantastic.  I wouldn't go screaming at the top of my lungs for everyone far and wide to try them.  I was searching high and low for the oaxacan chocolate butter on the french toast, and I think it ran away upon arriving to the table.  It was nowhere to be found.  The dulce de crema spread was good and not too sweet, so I liked that.  The pancakes I just got a bite of, so I can't really judge it.  It was more on the dense side, but the vanilla flavor was present and very nice.  They then surprised me with my favorite dessert -- FLAN!  The flan (don't tell my mama) was ALMOST like hers!  It was WONDERFUL!  It was light but decadent and had all the flavors you look for in flan.  Caramely, creamy, sweet goodness.  I reminded Edgar that he wasn't a big fan of flan, so it was okay if he didn't eat it with me.  Low and behold, he forgot his dislike for flan because he helped me with half of it!    All in all, I'd definitely come back.  The price was great for the quality and flavors you got, and it is definitely a gem of a place.  The decor is trendy, hip and fun - I can imagine how fun it is at night too.  I hope it draws a greater crowd because it'd be terrible to see it go.
What a great place.  Amazing food (Skirt Steak and Sea Bass!), beautiful service ( Thanks Crystal!) and all in a beautiful place.  PS- Don't let the menu scare you off as spicy as it reads.  There is something here for everyone.  Very great restaurant!
As a tourist we came to eat here on a Friday night yet it was CLOSED for a private party. It got good reviews, but how can you be closed on a Friday night in a tourist town with your of notification is a piece of paper on the window. On a Friday? Very poor. Then make you sit outside without offering at least water while waiting for a cab?
Went here for my lady's coworker's husband's birthday to celebrate with some cocktails and to share some appetizers.  Talk about fancy!  This place doesn't remind you of your typical Mexican jaunt.  It definitely isn't supposed to give that vibe to you I guess.  Mundo is called a 'latin chic' restaurant...meaning to me 'frou-frou'.  The atmosphere is very modern and yes, very chic.  Dark woods, light tablecloths, expensive lighting, it's all there.  The crowd that hangs out there strikes me as having some money to flaunt with.  So all you gold-digger yelpers out there...this place is for you!  Ha Ha, I kid...but seriously.  If you find your next rich husband or wife there, throw a guy a bone for hooking you up!  I hear that one of the investors of Mundo was a candidate running for mayor of Las Vegas several years back.  Can't remember his name off the top of my head at the moment.  Oh well.  But the night I was there for the birthday celebration it was busy because Oscar Goodman was in the house, celebrating his wife Carolyn's run for mayor.  So it was noisy, but at least the restaurant was bustling with business.  On to the food.  Verdict came back as pretty good.  It is for sure fancy Mexican/Latin food.  We sampled a bunch of things from their appetizer and dinner menu:  -Fresh guacamole -Crispy Calamari - with cilantro serrano & sweet chipotle dipping sauce -Ahi Tuna Tostada - with spicy red chile vinaigrette -Chicen Satay - with achiote tamarind chile glaze -Skirt Steak Skewers - with chimichurri glaze -Steak and Chicken Tacos - with salsa, avocado, onion & cilantro, Chihuahua cheese -Chilean Sea Bass Tacos - with cabbage, pico de gallo, avocado  Prices were fair for the entire menu, no entree over $35, while many of the items on the menu hovered between the $10-$18 range.  Food was fresh, my favs being the Ahi Tuna Tostada and the tacos.  Flavors were good, not traditional in any sense but modern and updated.  Good overall, although I would say that I would have enjoyed having an old school plate of authentic lengua tacos with onion & cilantro just as much.  I like simple!  We enjoyed many a cocktail as well.  I stuck with a couple of Mexican beers to compliment the food, a Modelo Especial and a Negra Modelo.  My lady tried a Mundo Mojito, and a Mundo Margarita.  Both of which she said were very good with the fresh-squeezed lime.  The premier tequila at Mundo is Alien Tequila.  This is because the owners of this restaurant are also investor/owners of the Alien brand.  Savvy, eh?  Service was good but a bit slow because it was packed, and much of their help seemed to go to making Oscar and his wife particularly comfortable.  Catering to the mayor, right!  If you want a fancy Latin flair night on the town, go to Mundo.  It will fit the bill nicely.  I swear, it kinda felt like J. Lo was gonna walk in with Marc Anthony at any moment!  Or Pitbull with his entourage!  "I was playing with her....she was playing with me...next thing you know, we were playing with three..."  Me?  While I didn't mind this place, I'll stick with my Roberto's, my Cardenas, and my Komex.  That's more my crowd.  Plus, all the lengua tacos and fusion burritos I can eat on the cheap!
This place is hidden away in the Las Vegas Design Center, which is a beautiful building with lots of fun things to see.   Anyhow - the restaurant has a nice, contemporary but comfortable decor - which is obvious, I guess, because of it's location.  The service is pretty slow - we came here for lunch on a friday around 1pm - it is a small restaurant, but in including ours there were probably only 4 table of patrons.  The menu is large and creative, and the food was quite good and tasty.  My only complaint was that my food did not come out hot - it was barely lukewarm - but I had waited so long for it to come out, I was too hungry to send it back.  The same thing for my buddy's entree.  Anyhow - I would go back, but not if it were out of my way.
Wow. Hats off to you Rick Bayless! What an incredible meal. If you are in Vegas, you have to check this place out. It's difficult to find but well worth the trip.   The decor was beautiful. It had a really nice ambiance and the staff and service were super attentive to our needs. Plus, if you use yelp to check in, you get a free glass of wine :)  For appetizers we ordered the skewers and they were oh so yummy! The little salad on the side was soooo good and the meat was insanely juicy. Their entrees, we ordered the short rib tamale and the filet mignon relieno. I loved the relieno! My boyfriends tamale was delicious as well but I enjoyed mine more.   To end our meal, we ordered the banana empanada which you HAVE to order! It is to die for! It's warm banana empanadas with a creamy sauce made of condensed milk and caramel topped with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. This was the highlight of our meal! My taste buds were singing! If you are in the Vegas area, please stop by Mundo.
Went there for dinner.  Good service, very good food, nice decor.  Had sangria, guacamole, and entrees were NY steak (special of the day) and sea bass.  Both were very good.  Would have been 5-stars, but I was hoping for a more inventive menu.  I thought I would see a dish that I have not had before, but I did not.
Great place! Super clean, fast and friendly service! Best food ever!!! a must go to place a little hidden no big deal but worth it.
Store bought chips and salsa what a disgrace! My pork tenderloin missed the flavor and were dried out. My husband ordered the filet mignon chile relleno, and he had to ask Where's the beef ? I drank wine, ok selection menu, my husband ordered a margarita they said it was fresh squeezed, I guess they squeezed the bottle of Margarita mix, and they really push alien tequila, its not even Mexican!
Slow service, but excellent food.  I came with a group of friends on a Sunday and we were pleasantly surprised by the quality of Mundo.  The menu had plenty of options for meat lovers and vegetarians alike and the quality of the food was really good.  What knocked down my review was the slow service and the long, long amount of time that we had to wait for our food and drinks.  But overall, we enjoyed ourselves and the experience.  If you were looking for a quality restaurant off the Strip and beaten path, Mundo is for you.
Vegas. It's where you go to get hitched, right? So my wife and I decided on the destination wedding and didn't want to pay to fly out and check out all the venues so we went to Yelp and other online sources to plan our big day. That being said, we both have been to Vegas numerous times so we knew where NOT to go. Haha.   So we ended up choosing Mundo for our wedding reception dinner based on reviews we found and neither of us had never been here (or heard of it) so coming here was a total leap of faith.  The leap was spot on. Talk about blowing everything we had hoped for out of the water. I'd have to say everyone in our party loved the trip, with the highlight being the trip to this fine establishment.  They set up a spacious back room for us that was decorated just perfect. My wife's jaw dropped as soon as we walked in. The service was absolutely impeccable and we received ample attention and all of our needs were met and exceeded.  The best part...the food. Absolutely delicious. We are from Texas and well, we are used to "Tex Mex" which can be very good or very blah. Mundo was a breath of fresh air...tasty, delicious fresh air. We had the goat cheese queso to start off which had everyone drooling.   For the dinner selections we had shrimp tamales, sour cream chicken enchiladas, and the filet mignon stuffed chile rellano. I'm pretty sure I was literally the only person who didn't order the rellano....haha. Everyone was moaning in ecstasy how good it was! I had the enchiladas and have to say they were fantastic as well. The sides were delicious also and completed the whole meal.  Now...the good part. They staff at Mundo was gracious enough to contact a local bakery and have a wedding cake made for us. It was the perfect size and it was exactly what a bride would want. It also helped that it was a mouth watering Tres Leches cake (my fave) and it topped off the whole meal with a bang.  If you are reading this and are pondering this spot for a wedding reception...don't even hesitate. They will make it memorable for you!   We are anxiously awaiting our next trip to Vegas so we can come right back to Mundo!
Had a wonderful night out here with my girlfriends, can't wait to take my husband.  Beautiful atmosphere, great food, great happy hour, great mojitos, wonderful service.  A little on the tricky side to find, but worth the confusion!!
In a word - outstanding.  I spent almost my whole life in CA and have tried hundreds of Mexican/Southwest restaurants and is this is one of the 2-3 best, on par with Frontera Grill in Chicago.  Stellar, creative food; very attentive but not intrusive service (nice job Sean!); outstanding ambiance.  A little off the beaten track, which makes it pretty easy to get in and out of.  We ate the sea bass (excellent but not extraordinary), the shrimp tamales (by far the best tamales I've ever had), a stunning risotto side dish, and breathtaking apple crepe desert. We'll be back for sure.  Aplausos!
From October 2011.  The food was great, the best part of this place.  Service was very good as well.  Initial impression was "you don't have a reservation?"  we were walkins and felt like it by the hostess.  We sat in the table closest to the door and the large cold drafts from the front door opening and closing wasn't much fun, my wife had to keep her jacket on.  So without the hostess and the cold draft in the equation, we had a great time.
Within the first twenty minutes of being here, I decided I would give them one (maybe two) stars. When we entered, there was no hostess, so we went near the bar area and asked one of the waiters if we just seat ourselves. He said, "Yeah go ahead, sit anywhere and one of the other waiters will help you." Ok, no problem. We looked over the happy hour menu and decided upon a Sangria ($5), Mundo Martini ($6), Mundo Fries ($3), and Crispy Calamari ($8). If only there were someone willing to take our orders.... Ten minutes passes by and we still haven't been greeted by any of the waiters.  We notice a group of people coming in the restaurant and figure we're sure to be helped before they are. Wrong! The hostess that wasn't there before goes up to them and starts hugging everyone. They're all given a table, menus, and water immediately. That really ticked us off, so Don just went up to the bar and asked them if we're just suppose to order at the bar and bring the food/drinks to our table ourselves. The bartender felt pretty bad that we hadn't been helped at all yet, so she said she'd get everything for us. She took our orders, had water and complimentary chips/dip sent to our table, and brought the drinks over to our table. She was pretty much our server for the rest of our time there. Her customer service alone is what made us decide to give the place another star. Rather than just making us wait for someone else to finally come along, she went out of her way to start serving us on her own even though it wasn't her job. She kept coming over to our table to ask us how we were doing and how we were liking the food and drinks too.  One of the other servers finally came up to us (before we got our food and drinks) and just said, "Are you guys going to be ordering anything?" Seriously!? As if we were just planning on lounging at a dining table looking around for waiters for no reason... That guy never even greeted or said anything to us in the first place. It was really annoying. We told him we waited for a long time, so we just went to the bar to order. I feel like our bartender/waitress did a better job than any of the actual waiters would've done.  On to the food...  This is what really made me decide to give Mundo a four star rating. The calamari dish was probably one of the best I've ever had. I am a big fan of crispy (not burned) food and, just like the title says, the calamari is very crispy. They managed to make it very crispy, but not oily or greasy. It came with two sauces: cilantro serrano and sweet chipotle . They were both very good; It was even hard to decide which one I wanted to dip my calamari in. I would venture out here just for this dish alone. The Mundo Fries (sweet potato and Idaho potato) were also phenomenal. They were very crispy on the outside but perfectly cooked on the inside. The seasonings added to both dishes really intensified the flavors. I could eat both dishes without any dipping sauces and they'd still taste fantastic. Don described the complimentary chips we got as tasting "organic." I'm guessing that's a good thing? I don't know, but they tasted good with the salsa and both of the dipping sauces that came with the calamari (yes, I like to experiment).  To be honest, I REALLY wanted to give this place one star in the beginning, but the more the bartender helped the more I thought to myself, "Oh no, I can't give them one star anymore, she's too nice!" Then they brought out the food and I was totally sold. This is the perfect spot for a romantic date. The ambiance, delicious food, and super nice BARTENDERS really saved my experience.
This place is located at the World Furniture Market.  There were no events that day, so there was plenty of parking.  The interior is very posh (its in the World Furniture Market, so it has to be nicely decorated).  The chips were over salted, but the salsa was yummy.  It tasted homemade with lots of veggie chunks.  I ordered the chicken quesadilla for $12.  The other two people at the table ordered a cobb salad and the carnitas.  The food took a long time to come out and they were not very busy.  The food presentation was very elegant.  (When I think of Mexican food I don't think elegant.)  The portion sizes are small.  The food was tasty.  The best attributes of this place are the atmosphere and the food presentation.  If you are going for food, then there are better places in Vegas (taste just as good, but cheaper with larger portion sizes).
Everything is great at this restaurant.  If you're in the mood for something light, the salads are the way to go.  Their skirt steak salad is delicious.  If you want a heavier fare they have the skirt steak in soft tacos.  They have great dinner entrees as well but pricey.  You can buy coupons from restaurant.com where you can get a $20 voucher for $2.  Completely worth it. But you can only use the restaurant.com vouchers for dinner.  The drinks menu is extensive.  They seem to push Tobin James wines pretty heavily but I don't mind because their wines are great. Happy hour is fun to go to because they have the same delicious foods but at a cheaper price as well as the drinks.  Their sangria is to die for.  The staff is knowledgeable about wines and enjoy making recommendations.  I usually go for lunch but the dinner ambiance was great as well.  A downtown gem.
started off shaky as no one greeted us for about 10 minutes after we got to our table.  One of the waiters literally walked by us 3 times and didn't say one word.  Right when my boyfriend got up to rip someone a new one this nice gentleman who was working and managing the bar came over and served us.  He was so apologetic and totally turned our experience around.  We had the the tortilla soup that was pretty good and the esquites (mexican corn) was AMAZING, i also had the steak and my boyfriend had the enchiladas and salad which he raved about.  The ambiance is very beautiful and there was a DJ (FIrst Friday) spinning amazing old school funk.  Very fun and hip place, I will be back.
Wow, Talk about making an impact.  I was hands-down ready to give this place a 1 star, but thanks to the bartender Mundo gets a 4 star!    Upon arrival, Jadira and I were very impressed.  Just from the outside this place looked really classy.  Once we got inside we noticed there was a hostess stand, but no hostess to be found.  I stopped a busser that was coming by and asked if we should just seat ourselves.  He seemed a bit confused and told us to go ahead and seat ourselves and that the server would be right with us.  20 minutes later and we were still sitting there... not a single peep from anyone.  We noticed that there was indeed a purpose for that hostess stand because a hostess had magically appeared.  About 10 minutes in to our wait, a large party arrives and was sat right next to us.  The server totally ignored us and assisted the large party first (accommodating them with water and menus).  At this point, I was getting a little frustrated so I approached the bartender behind the bar.  I had explained that no one had even talked to us and that I was interested in ordering.  She apologized and basically became our server while still running the busy bar.  To make a long story short, thank you to the bartender for saving the night!  After the actual server noticed the bartender talking to us, he finally came over and lit our candle and asked us if we cared for anything to drink.  We told him no thanks that the bartender was already taking care of us.   We visited Mundo during Happy Hour and was very impressed.  The drinks that we had were amazing (especially that Martini in my opinion).  The pricing wasn't too bad either.  We definitely plan on returning.  What we ordered:    * Sangria - I'm not a huge Sangria fan ,but this was good  * Mundo Martini-  I seriously could have had 3 more of these easy.  *  Mundo Fries-  Sweet Potato Fries... cooked perfectly!  These were addicting!!  * Calamari-  We are huge Calamari fans and Mundo is definitely in our top 3 picks.  Pros:  * The ambiance was very impressive.  We absolutely loved it.  It's alot bigger than it looks too.  *  Live DJ spinning music.  I don't know if this was because it was First Friday, but definitely had good vibes throughout.  *  Really good Happy Hour.  All I got to sample (food-wise) were appetizers, but if this was any indication of what the rest of the menu has to offer, then I'm sure I'm in for a treat when I go to enjoy the full Mundo dining experience.  * Amazing Service (from the Bartender)... Thank you sooo much!  Cons: * Bad Service (missing hostess and didn't get acknowledged for nearly 30 minutes!  Overall:   I really only had one complaint and it was a big one, but once we did get service and received our food, we were instant fans.  I can't wait to come here and try other things from the menu.  I'll be back and will surely update my review once I am able to do so.    Tips:  * Try the Calamari (I'm not sure what the sauces are ,but both were really good).  * Once it gets warmer, there is outside seating.
I had an amazing dinner at Mundo with my husband.  The decor is gorgeous; it's a great place for a date once you get to the restaurant...it's in the world market complex which is a kind of strange location for going to dinner.  I had the deliciously flavored waygu flank steak w/an avocado mixture on top.  I will probably order the same thing the next time I go here, it was SO GOOD!  The side of Mexican street corn was awesome too.  My husband had the Chilean sea bass, he said it was the best he's had.  The mundo martinis and banana empanadas for dessert were delicious too.  The server was very attentive and did an excellent job.
In a city with few outstanding Mexican (or TexMex) restaurants, Mundo stands out as one of the best. Located in one of the northern buildings within the World Market Center campus, it's one of the better off-Strip restaurants. Not only does it have wonderful food, it has an interior to match -- as you'd expect from a place surrounded by a design center.  With a restaurant.com gift certificate in hand, I brought my wife here to celebrate her birthday. We started off with chips and salsa and a wonderful  guacamole with diced onions and tomatoes, slices of radishes, and topped with cilantro and cotija cheese.  The chicken taquito appetizer consists of two taquitos cut in half and topped with sour cream, cotija cheese and green onions, with some lettuce and a sweet chile paste beside them. The chicken was a touch dry, but in combination with the other ingredients the flavors were excellent.  My wife's dish was a large chile relleno stuffed with cubes of filet mignon, potatoes, wild mushrooms, and goat cheese in a smoke chile sauce. If you like a little heat, this is the dish to get. The tender beef was a great vehicle to soak up the smokiness of the sauce and deliver a bold punch of flavor to the palate.  I'm a sucker for some swine, so I went with the carnitas and they didn't disappoint. You'd be hard pressed to find a better version in Vegas. The succulent chunks of pork was sitting in a large mound in the center of the plate with onions and cilantro on one side, avocado pico de gallo on another, and a cucumber habanero salad on the opposite side of the plate. The pork contained a balanced ratio of mostly lean meat with a little fat here and there to offset it with some additional flavor.  For dessert we had churros. The eight small pieces were filled with a caramel sauce in the center and had some additional caramel drizzled on top. Also on the plate was a scoop of vanilla ice cream and a small bowl of chocolate sauce. It would have been a great way to end the meal but they brought out one more thing after that.  An order of flan came out with a candle on top and two of the waiters sang happy birthday to my wife. I definitely wasn't expecting them to sing. I thought they only did that type of thing at TGI Friday's or place like that. But, it was much appreciated. As for the flan, it was unbelievably light, smooth and creamy with none of the eggy taste you get from lesser variations of the dish. Mom, I'm sorry to say this, but I've found flan that's better than yours.  For drinks we had a margarita and mojito, which we were happy with and we checked in through Yelp and got a free glass of wine!  The dinner was close to being perfect, but the service could have been better. Despite our waiter being very informative and friendly, he was too busy to give any of his many, many tables *great* service. But, that's more of a management and staffing issue than a reflection on him. The only other issue we had was when they cleared my wife's plate (of which she only ate about half her meal) and tossed it instead of offering to box it up.  So, aside from a couple hiccups it was a successful bday dinner. One where we were able to save a bit through restaurant.com and the Yelp check-in and still have a wonderful meal. Come to think of it, the food here is a little similar to what you would get at Mesa Grill on the strip, but much cheaper.  4.5 Stars
Fancy Mexican food is kinda like an oxymoron to me.  When I think of good Mexican food I think of simple street tacos with fresh flavors.  Meat, beans, rice, and tortillas, right?  Wrong!    Mundo's is located in the World Market Center.  Walking to Mundo was exciting in it self.  It was like we were in a new city.  Never been to the World Market.  The restaurant itself is beautiful and many of the tables were full.  They also have a full bar.  Looks like if all the tables were removed it could be a good place for a party.  I'll start with the good stuff.  The tables had 2 baskets of chips and salsa.  The baskets were always kept full which was nice.  We also, checked in on Yelp and there was a free glass of wine....naize!  The food was delicious!  I had the carnitas plate.  The pork had such good flavor and was seasoned perfectly with a little bit of sweetness.  The plate also came with avocado pico de gallo, cucumber habanero salad and tortillas.  The cucumber habanero salad really stuck out.  It was seasoned with bit of a vinegar and I loved it! Overall I would have to say 2 thumbs up to the food.  Now, the annoying.  When the server asked for our order he didn't even think of trying to help us decide since it was our first time. When we got our food I remembered that it came with tortillas.  I asked the server where were my tortillas.  He answered by putting his hand on a napkin right next to me which was wrapped around the tortillas. It would have been easier to just tell me that they were in the napkin when you served me my meal. It's a little different when your with a party of 8 but, if it were just me and my wife I would have been more annoyed by our servers slip ups.  Over all it was a great time.  We had great company, a fun environment, some drinks, and great food!  I would have given this place a 5 but, the service was a little off.  Might of been just that one time.  But, if we go again I'll make sure to do an update on the service.  I would definitely go again!
Mundo truly is "Chic Mexican".  The restaurant is real pretty.  Beautiful atmosphere with tons of lanterns hanging from the ceiling and silver framed mirrors all over the walls... it sets a good mood.  This would be a great place to bring a date (just be aware that its kind of in a odd spot inside the hugeness of the World Market Center!)  The food is pretty darn delicious!  Some of the things we tried:  - Shrimp tamales:  HUGE shrimp.  Perfectly cooked.  The tamales' insides were oh so good.  A little bit sweet and a perfect compliment to the shrimp. - Carnitas:  Super moist, great flavor.  I wasn't wow-ed by it when I compared it to my shrimp tamales, but still very good. - Wagyu skirt steak:  What the what!  So good!  The chimichurri gives it such a great flavor and it was so tender.  Its a melt in your mouth type of meat.  - Calamari:  Your standard calamari.  I liked the breading.  It came with two sauces.  I think it was the chipotle one that was pretty good.  We got complimentary chips and salsa too.  The salsa was so good!  Very fresh and light.  Service was a little strange.  I wasn't sure if we had just one waiter or two.  When you asked them a question, it was like a one word answer.  Its not like they were rude... they just weren't nice.  Plus they kept taking our plates away when we weren't completely done.  It could have been because it was the end of the night and they were trying to move us along?  No clue.  Maybe we caught them on an off night?  I think if we had better service, my experience here would have been over the top.  Although the prices are on the higher side, this place is definitetly worth a try and its great for special occasions.  Don't forget to Check-In while you're here.  They have a Yelp Check In special for a free glass of wine (their house white or red).  Can't pass up free.99!
Celebrated a birthday dinner here thanks to go old yelp recommendations...  Then Celebrated how delicious the food was after!  Ambiance was perfect. Dim but not too dark with contemporary furnishings. Not sure what day time dining is like but it's perfect for a nice dinner out on Saturday night.    FOODS:  Delicious for your modern Mexican take on classic dishes. We destroyed the complimentary chips and salsa.  Ordered the Calamari and guacamole. Calamari was meh...I would pass on that.  Guacamole was fresh and creamy with a little spicy bits in it (recommend). Then the main course came. Wow. WOW! Skirt steak with chimichurri was bomb.com (is that cool to say still/was it ever?). The steak (ordered medium) melts in your mouth with the right amount of char and pink on the inside.  Flavor profile was like an explosion of amazingness in your mouth. Not too much cilantro to over power the classic taste of the steak and an avocado mix on top perfectly balanced with the flavors of the steak.  I chose the mexican street style corn as my side. Anyone ever have "ELOTES"? (you know, the street vendor corn with parm. cheese and chili powder). TOTALLY recommend ordering this as your side, of course it's fancied up with cotija cheese.  The sig-other ordered the shrimp tamales. Now she is a what you would call a shrimp connoisseur. or maybe just obsessed with SHRIMP (a la "Pvt. Benjamin Buford 'Bubba' Blue). This dish did NOT disappoint. The shrimp were of herculean size and were perfectly cooked! Full of flavors and not just a skimpy tamale like your used too. Overall a delicious culinary experience.  SERVICE: It seemed like the server was a little off-putting, maybe to the point of acting annoyed to be serving a large party (not really, just 8 people!).  I guess it didn't help when we started the meal by ordering our free glass of wine with yelp check in. BUT STILL! cmon man, i understand gratuity is now included with a large party BUT we can still add more if you give us exceptional service!  Also, they were grabby with our seemingly empty plates. (umm theres like 3 calamari rings and some guac still, I'm not done yet please ask!)  One good thing was that my water was never empty (one of my standards for quality of service).  If it weren't for service this place would get 5 stars!   Overall i recommend this place! DO IT! GO! Cmon!
Excellent concept, cool decor but overall I am not sure Mundo will be on my list for places I will be returning and here's why:  In honor of First Friday my friends and I wanted to have "family" dinner down town this week so the decision was made to try Mundo.  Love love love the decor in this restaurant, it's an eclectic mix of interior design elements, very inviting.. We made reservations and were seated right away which is always a plus. Our drink orders were taken in a timely fashion and our server (forget his name) was very friendly yet forgetful.  It's hard to be annoyed with a server who has a perpetual smile, but he pretty much forgot about all of the little extras my friends and I had requested. Like what? Like condiments, sides, and additional beverages.  The food: good. Yes, just good. I believe my best friend is the only one (out of 10 people) that thoroughly enjoyed his food (some shrimp dish?). My nachos were ok, the seasoning they put on the chicken made it taste like it was burnt and I conferred with another friend who also ordered something else chicken with the same burnt flavor.   All in all, forgetful staff, ran out of scallops (but took forever to come back to the table to ask which entree my friend would like to have in place of it), took forever to bring the bill, forever to bring change...  I just find it frustrating that when we are one of the few tables being occupied in the restaurant things are being forgotten, ran out of or taking forever to get especially when the price tag on these items does not fall in the one dollar sign category...  Alas, yet another disappointing dining experience under my belt...
The food was very tasty but the service was horrible.... We had a large group.the wait time to order our food and how long they took to bring us the food was ridiculously long. Asked for a side to go with our main courses and it didn't come till after we were finished eating. The decor  and ambience was awesome. They had a lack of workers... Only one server and Bus person for all.
Great food, nice ambiance , a new twist on Mexican food. Trust me try it
From someone who knows AUTHENTIC mexican food.. keep it simple. There's no such thing as mexican risotto. Try Tacos El Gordo on the strip.. seriously. http://www.yelp.com/biz/tacos-el-gordo-las-vegas-2
I wanted to like Mundo, and I did, but I think my expectations were a bit high and so I still left a bit disappointed. We went on Valentine's Day but it wasn't that busy around 6p. Started with the Mundo salad, it was shredded with lots of good things like veggies, nuts, and I think some dried fruit. We liked it very much. The queso app that everyone recommends was good, but not great, and I am not sure a bowl of melted cheese is worth $15. The hubby loved his carnitas and my chile rellano stuffed with filet mignon was very flavorful, however, my dish had a severe protein shortage. I took a bite when it arrived and it had a piece of filet in it, I tried to share a bite with my hubby and had to destroy the entire chile searching for a piece of meat. Kind of ruined the dish since I did not want to disembowel my chile to locate the additional pieces of meat (and there were only 2 more cubes of filet in it!) Maybe the kitchen messed up? I don't think there was more than 2 oz of meat in my entree. Also, we ordered a nice bottle of wine. After we had finished, I remembered I had a Yelp check in offer for a free glass of wine. I showed the waiter and he said he would bring me a glass of the wine we had been drinking. Then I heard the manager tell him to give me house wine, which he did, but he tried to say it was the other wine. Silly to lie to me if I am about to taste it and find out! Left a bad taste is my mouth.
Pros: +Awesome environment/decor +Friendly waiters +Prompt service +Well prepared food  Cons: -Expensive (especially for vegetarians) -Small portions  Overall: Slightly disappointed, especially with all the high reviews. However, the food was decent and I wouldn't mind going back.
My wife and I split the shrimp tamales and wagyu skirt steak, and both were exploding with flavor. I rarely write reviews, but this restaurant is definitely worth a visit.
I rarely write reviews but this restaurant was amazing!  Definitely the highlight of our Vegas trip.  My BF and I stumbled up this wonderful place after being completely overwhelmed by the outlet mall across the way. We were starving and I pulled up a map to see the closest restaurant. We walked in and they were very accommodating, the service and staff are great! We are vegans and they made everything 100% vegan for us, even making us a new batch of tortilla soup! The food was delicious and not overly greasy. We wanted to try a bunch of different plates to share and we left with full bellies, totally satisfied. The decor is really nice too, I loved the hanging lanterns.
I LOVE this place!! The food & drinks are insane (great) and the service is unlike many others. This is not your typical Mexican restaurant..
Gosh there are so many gems here in Vegas. I'm just loving this town. This was my first time here and it was such a great experience. Just a treat for the senses. We celebrated my friends birthday here. There were about 10 of us and with that many people to serve there could be so many opportunities for failures, but there were no mishaps. In fact everyone was happy. The drinks were flowing, the food was superb and the staff was attentive and the deserts left me speechless. I had scallops over rice. It was perfect. The presentation, temperature of the food, the perfect balance of Latin seasonings and the perfect heat (spiciness). For the deserts we had an assortment of deserts that consisted of tres leches, churros, flan and apple crepes. All were good by my favorite was the churros. (my mouth just watered typing and reminiscing). What made my night also was that they had Mexican wine. I don't remember the name but it was really good. I think it was some kind of granache blend.
Service and food were excellent, starting with the chips and guacamole dip(which you pay for).  3 of our party had the filet special. Excellent.  Not your typical TexMex menu.  Wondered why we have not gone more often.
Nom nom!  So good!  If you want something different when it comes to Mexican food think of this place as gourmet, upscale Mexican cuisine.  It's absolutely fabulous and everything is fresh, fresh, fresh!  Fun, modern, eclectic decor allows for a relaxed evening or a fun night out with friends.  Great stocked bar with one of the best margaritas I've had in Vegas so far.   However, my only complaint is that when we first went here we came with big group of people and I had made reservations ahead of time.  We stayed a long time, ordered bottles of wine and lots of food.  But for some reason our server was very confused and somewhat irritated when we said we wanted to split the check amongst the couples.  He huffed and puffed about it being difficult to split the check etc. but in the end did it for us even after we marked the bill accordingly with each couples' items.   I'm sorry, I used to be a server and 1) it's not hard to split a check with the automated system that I saw this restaurant had and 2) you should pretty much assume that one person in a large group of people is not going to pick up the whole bill.  It would have been nice if our server had hashed the particulars with us ahead of time before we all had a wonderful evening and then had to deal with bill drama.  Perhaps if you go here with a lot of friends tell the server up front you will be splitting the check accordingly.  Otherwise, I would highly recommend Mundo as an off-Strip but tasty find.
Ok, so as mad as I was at 6:30 p.m. the night I ate at Mundo, I have now taken a breather and decided to be fair.  Let me explain...  I made reservations for dinner here before we were to go see Bela Fleck at The Smith Center.  It was our 5 year anniversary and I wanted to have a nice night with a fancy dinner and this place was perfect with its location.  We got to Mundo at about 5:45 and the concert was just a block away and didn't start until 7:30.  Plenty of time, right?  We were seated immediately and I fell in love with the place.  A romantic atmosphere, a great menu with several vegetarian items, not really pricey, and a friendly wait staff.  My husband started off with a beer (4 bucks! It was a steal!) and I had some really great wine (don't remember the name, white wine from Spain- yum).  We started to munch on chips while we looked at the menu.  My husband ordered the garden enchiladas and I ordered the chile relleno.  This is where things started to get hairy.  Apparently there is a vegetarian chile relleno as well as steak.  You can see where this is going, can't you?  We get our dinners and everything looks great.  My husband loves his.  I take a bite of mine and it's really good.  I take a second bite and notice something chewy....that's odd, maybe there's a big mushroom in there?  I start to poke around and find this little brown bit.  Mushroom?  Take a tiny bite.  Nope, don't think so.  Dig a little more and there's a giant piece of steak looking at me.  Ok, so again: I know, I know.  Dietary restrictions... can't be picky eating out.  I get it.  But do you know how gross it is to know you've eaten meat for the first time in 4 years?  Uuuuuughhhhhhhhh.  And it didn't even taste like anything!  Take note, meat eaters!  At this point I am pissed, steak is looking at me, and my waiter is nowhere to be seen.  Why?  Because Mundo decided to have a giant party right next to our table and he was busy taking drink orders for the two dozen people talking as loud as they possibly could.  This party started up about the same time I got my steak chile relleno.    Well there went our date night.  Romantic atmosphere?  Gone.  Yummy food?  Gone.  Helpful wait staff?  Gone.  It is 6:30 and the concert is starting in an hour.  Needless to say, my poor husband was dealing with a very crabby girl.  So I'm giving this place 3 stars.  It was my fault for assuming there was only a vegetarian chile relleno on the menu but I also think my waiter should have clarified which one I wanted to order (especially after my husband ordered from the vegetarian menu).  And although our waiter wasn't around the second part of our meal, it wasn't his fault that he got stuck with too many tables and the giant party next to us.  I do, however, hold Mundo accountable for sitting us next to the social hour hovering over our table when we had reservations and there were plenty of seats elsewhere when we first got in.  Not cool.  But I have to give credit where credit is due, and the food was amazing.  The VEGETARIAN chile relleno was great and my husband loved his enchiladas.  The chips and salsa were good and the side of street corn was probably our favorite thing.  The beer prices are great and the wine prices are average.  I loved my glass of wine.  Our waiter also did give us a (small) discount for the misunderstanding without me complaining (I'm not the type to yell at waiters).  He was also friendly throughout even though he was super busy.  So, after this giant review I guess what I'm trying to say is this place would have been 5 stars if I wasn't sitting next to the social hour party and especially if I had a meat-free item from the get-go.  The food here is great and the restaurant is beautiful.  It has a perfect location if you are looking for somewhere to eat or drink before heading to The Smith Center.  Just make sure you clarify EXACTLY what you want to order.  I also recommend reservations since it is a little on the smaller side.
I can not wait to go back! My sweetie and I joined a group to go to Mundo sometime ago and we have been meaning to return.  The lighting is beautiful and the decor is sexy and romanatic.  I will NEVER forget the chopped salad, Holy Smokes best chopped salad EVER!  Normally salad is salad, not at Mundo.  Everything there has intense fresh flavors and colors.  We enjoyed the Chilean sea bass so much we went home and tried to recreate it. . . got close but not quite.  For dessert tres leche, it was simply a perfect end to the perfect high end mexican meal.  Give Mundo a try, you will be glad you did.  :)
Best date night place ever! They have amazing food and perfectly well mannered waiters and staff. Constantly kept water glasses filled and hey who can complain about a free glass of wine?! (yelp check in offer!)  But the real joy came from the amazing balance of flavors that each dish encapsulated. We started with the guacamole. And wow what a start. Easily the most flavorful guac I've ever had. There is a little spicy kick to it which kept my hand reaching for the chips for more of the hurts so good flavor. Then I got the Mexican risotto which was also yummy along with the tortilla soup which they pour  from the pot to the bowl table side. The real way to win me over is amazing dessert. Two words. Banana empanadas. They had just the right amount of crisp to them and the chocolate ice cream blended with the banana and the cream sauce effortlessly like a match made in heaven. My taste buds were euphoric as I took in each bite.  Hopefully you one day find yourself here in the same state of joy as I was!  One Tid bit is that they have karaoke on Monday nights which makes it much less intimate but also fun in its own way. I think it goes from 5:30-9:30.
i ate here while on business 4/17/2012.  My experience from start to finish was excellent. We started with 3 margueritas that had wonderful lime flavor. the quacamole was excellent. I had a diablo pork chop for dinner that was cooked to perfection. we followed it up by sharing churros and fried bananas for dessert.  If you're expecting tacos and burritos this is not the restaurant for you. if you want a wonderful delight of mexican modern in a fantastic atmosphere then this is your place.  I do think it was a little pricey but perhaps on a relative "vegas" scale it deserves $$$. You can certainly pay a lot more for inferior food in vegas.  Oh, I should add that our waiter was excellent. perfectly trained and very attentive.
It's true what all the reviews say, its the perfect place for a date night! It's located right next to the World Market Center, plenty of free parking or if you want to impress your date you can valet. We had reservations around 7:45pm, the staff is extremely attentive and friendly. There is a yelp check in deal for a free glass of wine, I don't think anyone would mind that :) When we sat down they gave us chips & salsa, be warned the salsa had small jalapeño's in it and for someone like me that does not eat spicy items I had to make sure to avoid it when I went in for the dip.  I'm a vegetarian so I loved that they had a special section dedicated for me, I hate skimming through options and liking what I read then I hit the meat ingredient and have to keep going. Nothing on the vegetarian section seemed appealing, so I asked the waiter if I could get a simple cheese enchilada with beans & rice on the side and they accommodated to my request. The enchilada was delicious, the tomato sauce had a hint of garlic which gave it a wonderful flavor. The beans were not to heavy and good and as for the rice it was white rice with some vegetables in it, went well with my enchilada. After our meal we got desert, they have several options a delicious churro being on of them haha but I picked the tres leeches cake. I normally like my tres leeches cake liquidy but theres was a little bit more solid. What made it real good was the bits of shaved coconut slices on top, delicious! Overall I really enjoyed my experience and meal at Mundo and definitely recommend the place! If anything go in for a drink and enjoy the beautiful decor of mirror & gorgeous lamps!
Ahi tostada!!! BOMB SO GOOD!!! Fine Mexican dining at your fingertips...reasonable prices. I had the filet mingnon chile rilleno drizzled in chipotle sauce.
Amazing food & atmosphere! I had the chicken enchiladas...best I've ever had!  My husband & friends had the prime rib chile rellenos & they had the same reaction. Margaritas are phenomenal!  The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star rating is because I feel it is a bit overpriced. Must try once for sure & will def go again when in Vegas next!
Courteous well spoken staff (front and back)  We were there this Monday at 8:30 pm.  The food is very good  I won't mention what food to get because all that we ordered was good.  We will return again.  I didn't like the parking situation. It was too far and too dark when we left the restaurant and feared for our lives
I would be a fat broke regular if this place was closer to my home. The food here is incredibely flavored without being overpowering. I had the vegetarian quesadilla and the seared scallops. I was glad I sat away from the other guest because I was being a rude eater because the food was so amazing. I got to meet the chef. He was humble and patiently explained some of his techniques which were innovative.  I give it five stars for the food, the attentive service, and the ambiance!  A must try. I will be back here soon!
A bookmark for far too long, I finally had the opportunity to dine at Mundo last Saturday night.  With a 6:00pm reservation, my date and I were seated immediately.  The restaurant has a classy, but relaxed vibe with most patrons probably having a pre-Smith Center-show meal, because it got a little empty at 7:00pm.  I was a little wary of how the service would be based on other Yelp reviews, but our waiter was very attentive throughout the meal.  We started with the sangria (refreshing), shared the chopped salad (nice and light) which was halved for us, and I had the shrimp tamale as my entree:  delicious!  We finished the meal with the chocolate Tres Leches cake which came with vanilla ice cream.  I thoroughly enjoyed my time there and will definitely return.   BTW, it was my first time at the World Market Center itself, and there is some nice architecture going on there!
Ate here with clients while in LV for a convention and we wanted to get out of the strip resorts. What a great choice we made! Although off the beaten path a bit, the restaurant itself has beautiful atmosphere - upscale and dimly lit. You must drive or take a cab here as it is not in walking distance to anything.  The margaritas were hand crafted and delicious and chips/salsa/guacamole fresh and flavorful.  Our table started with two appetizers which we shared amongst 6 of us - the Mundo chopped salad was delicious - made with tomatoes, cucumbers, apple, Maytag bleu cheese, and a sweet/spicy vinagarette dressing. We also had chicken nachos. I'm not a nachos person but these were quite good.  For dinner, I chose the chilean sea bass which was sweet and spicy - glazed with a jalapeno citrus sauce and it was over vegetables - fresh sautee of assorted long beans. Co-diners went with more traditional Mexican dishes - chicken enchiladas which were delicious, filet mignon chile relleno, quesadillas - all very tasty and not overly greasy or buried in cheese.  We happened to be there on karaoke night. Had I not been with clients, I would've had some tequila shots and joined in. Since I wasnt in that mind-frame, the karaoke was borderline annoying.  All in all, a good choice - gourmet Mexican is how I would classify it.
If this isn't one of the best restaurant's in Vegas, I don't know what is. I've been here twice and wonder why I don't come once a week. The fajitas are to die for, and the street corn (while extremely rich) is possibly one of the best thing's I've ever put in my mouth. This place is slightly pricey, but worth every penny. Plus, it's got one of the best interior design of any restaurant in Vegas.
Best margarita I've had, ok maybe being generous here but it was definitely in the top 5 and the best part was it was free with my Yelp check in! There is nothing that makes me happier than fresh chips & salsa and a good margarita. The chips were warm and crispy, lightly salted and the salsa was perfect. Started out with the calamari, cilantro serrano + sweet chipotle dipping sauces, delicious and a must if you're a calamari lover like I am, then moved on to the sarape de pollo, black beans, manchego, mint chimichurri, guacamole + pico de gallo. This was so unique and my friend and I ended up splitting it and it was definitely large enough to split especially when you fill yourself up on chips & salsa prior to your entree.   Valet parking is also a plus (yes, I'm a valet parker) service here was good, and I loved the decor here, very stylish and eclectic. This is a wonderful find.
Randomly found this place while shopping near by and have been back twice since. The appetizers are awesome, the guacamole has a ton of extra ingredients and it really adds to it. Literally the only knock on this place is the quality of the salsa, but it's not nearly enough to make me knock a star off.  I can personally vouch that the Chilean sea bass is amazing, as is the filet mignon. Other than that I can say of the 15-20 people I've been to the restaurant with, not 1 person has had a complaint about about their entree, so I imagine most of the menu is as good as what I've tried.  Lastly, the desserts are all great, especially the banana empanadas. And I won't leave out that I loved the service, decor and overall feel of the place.
Went here after reading reviews on this place and were very disappointed.  We had tickets to the Smith Center and this is right across the street so we thought we would get dinner group of four and then the show.  Our waiter didn't really want to be there.  He didn't explain anything, and when we asked how a dish was his response for every dish is "it's good" but sounded like "eh I don't care."  They brought our drinks in all different types of glasses, so your first mojito in a big glass and then a tiny glass for the second but still the same price. The food was not at all great for the price you are paying.  I got the filet and I asked medium however it was more well and only a tiny dab of sauce on the side, not enough to actually taste it (the sauce was the best part).  For dessert we were asked, "what would you like for dessert?" Yet no one had shown us a menu.  The service was slow and they were not that busy.  Overall I felt like it had a lot of promise walking in, I did like the decor and the feeling when you walk in, but the service and food let me down.  :(
This place is in a weird location but that kind of adds to it's uniqueness. The inside of the restaurant is beautiful. The place is romantic, the lanterns really add a special touch and feeling to the dining experience. The food is very interesting and flavorful but reminds me of Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill so is lacking in innovation. Some of the menu items are a direct rip off of Bobby's recipes. I would say that any foodie could find something on this menu that will please the taste buds. My only complaint is that I did not like the chips and salsa. These might be the worst chips and salsa I have ever had but since they were free it doesn't really matter. I'll be back but it won't be later this month.
short rib enchiladas = yum
The owner cancelled a group reservation yesterday that I had for tomorrow night, and proceeded to tell me that he didn't want our group in the restaurant. He wanted us to rent the private dining room and select group menus, but Open Table or the Mundo hostess I spoke to on Friday didn't tell me that. I told him that he could split us up in to multiple tables, but that it would be an inconvenience -- but he told me that we'd just end up 'taking it out' on his staff and didn't want us there. I've heard from multiple people that their service was horrible, but this takes the cake. It's too bad because their food is good and it is walking distance to the Smith Center. I was a regular customer before the shows, but I won't be returning.
i dined at Mundo's last night and while the premises were quite nice and the food good, the experience was so bad that i will not go back.  although we had reservations, we were placed at a back table in a back room next to a locked door and another door that led to the outside (alley or the like).  the music was so loud we thought we were in a night club and the base pounding was completely unsuitable.  when we asked whether it could be lowered, it was made louder.  when it came time for a check it took 15 minutes.  the staff was rude and condescending, leaving me to feel as if they were doing me a favor.  whereas most good restaurants are all amount the experience, this folks could have cared less.   I WILL NOT RETURN.
The boyfriend and I decided to have date night and dress up. He planned the night and chose this place as his roommate raved so much about it.  As we drove up, I was pretty shocked that it was in the World Market Center because I thought only people in conventions were allowed in. Low and behold, it was right outside World Market. The walk up was simply amazing as WM is just a huge behemoth of a structure.  When we walked in, it felt so homey and comforting. Like I was in grandma's extremely nice house. All about the lighting, I guess.  We had a table with one of those big/king sized chairs. So big that the BF wound up sitting next to me during dinner.  Our waiter was really funny and informative about his and the restaurant's fave dishes.  Started our dinner with a few cocktails. I forget the names of them but, I know his margarita wasn't as sour/tarte as they normally are so, I liked that a lot.  We ordered the ahi tuna pizza app and it was AHHHHMAAAAAZIIIIIIIIIING. Crust was thin and crispy. Reminded me of a really good and waaaaay fancier Mexican Pizza from Taco Bell (but, obvs way better)! I could've eaten 4 of them stacked on each other as a meal!  For entrees, I had the Chilean Sea Bass and he had the filet stuffed Chile Rellano; and elote for a side. The sea bass was soooooo beautifully presented. All wrapped up like a delicious gift! His filet was perfectly juicy and tasty; and went very well with the spiciness of the Chile. The sauce added extra kick and spice to the dish. The elote was elote. My FAVE, as always. You can never get Mexi corn wrong.  We were so stuffed that we didn't have room for dessert. Which I would love to come back for.   What's even more great about this place is that they are vegan/vegetarian friendly. I was excited to tell my roommate who is dating a vegan/vegetarian.   All in all, I'm excited for more date nights here. Very romantic and intimate!
So filthy we walked out!  I took my girlfriend to Mundo on a Saturday night.  Things didn't go well from the moment we walked in.  The hostess couldn't be bothered to look up from her iPhone/text messaging and simultaneous chit-chat with a server to greet us at the door.     We weren't crazy about being seated next to a few very loud tables.  We looked around the room and realized that we'd been seated there because none of the other tables had been bused yet - there were several filthy tabletops.   We left the table and moved to the bar for a drink.  It was FILTHY!  The were two bartenders behind the bar and a huge line of filthy unwashed glasses.  There was bar debris - napkins, limes, etc.  We waited to be served  - but the two girls behind the bar couldn't be bothered.  We asked for a drink menu, which she handed us over a stack of unwashed glasses.   We looked at the long line filthy glasses on the bar, the tables that hadn't been bused and the garbage on the floor and decided to leave.  I won't be back.
Fabulous...more than affordqable for the quality of food and the dining experience.  I felt like I should have paid more and I seldom feel that way.    The queso was ok and I will pass on my nest trip. The Ahi Tuna Tostada is a must have. Filet Rellano was the shining star of the meal. Tamale was excellent.  The best Mexican fusion that I've ever had and much better than the restaurants on the strip that try and fail at the same cuisine.
Mundo is awesome.  Everything was great and we sampled a lot of the menu--the skewers were awesome and the guacamole is a do not miss.  I was fortunate because the night we dined at Mundo, the special was the pork chop.  I know that a pork chop is sometimes not that inspiring; however, this pork chop was divine.  The restaurant is beautiful--great atmosphere.  I only wish I could have had more time at Mundo and that there was a Mundo in my city.
I love going to Mundo! Delish maragaritas and great food. It's strange to see the negative reviews about the hostess and wait staff as we NEVER have a problem. I can vouch for the sea bass and the scallops. Both are phenomenal! Just make sure you don't get there too late...this isn't a late night kitchen, but it's a great place to dine if you're headed downtown for the night!
Good but not good enough to justify price charged for food.
Maybe it was what we ordered but I was quite dissapointed. Having walked in after seeing such good reviews, I guess I had high hopes. The restaurant itself is nice-good lighting and ok ambience. We were offered water as soon as sat down so that was good. The server brought out a complimentary and generous helping of tortilla chips and salsa. The chips did not seem too fresh and the salsa was bland. He came back to take our order a few minutes later. I order veg chilli rellano and D ordered the veg Quesadilla. The roasted tomato sauce that the chilli rellano came with was ok, and I somewhat liked the flavor of the roasted potato pieces but the rest did not have much flavor. Even though I had requested my dish to be spicy, it was not. I tasted the quesadilla and felt that the black eyed peas that were used to top the dish to have a weird flavor. Took a small bite of the quesadilla and it was dry and quite tasteless. I wanted to try this place but maybe we went on an off day. For a saturday night, the place was not that busy and seemed to have lots of servers just roaming around aimlessly. Even with that, they took some 15 minutes to collect our credit card and bring it back after bringing out the bill.
Great food. Chef rocks
We had reservations at Mundo for 5:15 pm on a Thursday before a Smith Center show. This timing worked out very well, after much consideration.  Overall, this was a great restaurant for the location (if you are attending a show) as there did not appear to be many other options. The parking lot was only a bit farther than the actual Smith Center parking area. Without that consideration, it was very average as a whole.  Our server was very cordial and the staff was attentive. However, when we had finished our meal, our server seemed to disappear for a while before we were able to signal him to bring our check.   Our party of three had the filet mignon, the wagyu skirt steak, and the carnitas. All of it was tasty, but definitely not what I would consider gourmet. I was expecting a much more diverse palette of taste compared to what seemed like very generic mexican flavors.  I would probably not return to Mundo unless there are no other options for my next Smith Center trip.
My girlfriends and I had dinner at Mundo and it was great - almost perfect. We all had their Cadillac margaritas, which was good not spectacular - but we were all in the mood to have a few drinks. Had mojito, sangria, and one other drink that I can't remember now. Their drinks are strong and hit the spot.  We had chips and guacamole, tuna tostada, chopped salad for appetizer, then sea bass, filet mignon, shrimp diablo, and skirt steak as entrees with sides of mexican risotto, wild mushrooms, and spinach with jalepeno.  Of course they have to have great guacamole -- it's a standard for Mexican! No?  The Tuna tostada was interesting... it's a tortilla triangle with a thin layer of tuna with some type of sweet glaze. i liked it a lot, but the rest of the table was just OK about it. We all thought the chopped salad was delicious - lots of little chunky veggies and seasoned so it was a tad on the sweet side but enough acid to balance. I'd eat just that for lunch.  Everyone enjoyed their entrees. I think the sea bass was the best. It was steamed in parchment, and was the most moist and flavorful fish I've had in a while. Next time I go back for dinner, I'm going to order sea bass. Both of the steaks were good but it's steak - nothing special in my opinion. My shrimp diablo was good, just a tad salty but great flavors - a little spicy but tasty. I only at two shrimp -- it came with six -- because I was too full by then. The bed of mexican herbal rice that came with my shrimp was really really good. The sides especially the wild mushrooms are a must. The risotto was OK along with the spinach.  Usually, I go for lunch, and it was the first time for dinner, and it was great. The only uncomfortable thing about the meal was at the end, our waiter come to tell us that we only left him $36 in tip which was 15% (I don't tip on the tax) -- which I thought was a bit rude for a waiter to come and tell you that you had only tipped 15%. We all sort of looked at each other and said, OK... we'll discuss it. We left him a few more bucks...but honestly, it sort of ended a great evening with an odd feeling for the restaurant.
My wife found this gem in a article in the San Francisco Chronicle while we were on the plane to Vegas.   Although our cab driver had a hard time locating it, it's worth the $15 ride off the strip to check out. Mundo isn't visible from the street so if you cabbie can't find it, just point to the very austere building and tell him it's in there.  Over all the experience was EXCELLENT! Our waiter was very attentive with out being a pest and was very friendly. Actually, everybody who works there that we came in contact with were very nice.   The food was excellent. i had the special pork chop and although it was a little pricy, it was cooked, seasoned and presented excellently. My wife had the scallops and they were excellent as well. Scallops are one of those hard things to prepare well and these were perfect.   When we go back to Vegas, we'll definitely go back!
It was ok, but nothing that knocked my socks off. Wait rec'd an expensive bottle of wine which w also just ok. All of the food offerings seemed like they were more intent on offering you a spicy food rather than a flavorful one. I am a fan of both but the fire here overpowered any flavor offerings. Others at table felt the same way as even the scallops flavor was hidden by the fire. Busy night in Vegas and hardly anyone here so not so sure how long this one will last unless some changes are made.
Best mexican restaurant in town by far
Great happy hour and dinner items! Here are my faves:  [Good items] Guacamole (but the chips suck so garnish on tacos) Chicken & Steak tacos  Chilean sea bass entree (healthy, flavors are subtle with hints of spice from the jalepano, and acidity from the lime, soft texture) Filet mignon chille relleno (my favorite item, the smoked chile sauce does wonders, and I like how they cut up the meat for you so that all you have to do is fork to mouth) Sweet corn tamale (definitely get a side of this with your dish!) Sea scallops Sangria & Margarita (it's good esp during happy hour prices)  [Meh items] Ahi tuna tostada (sliver of chopped up tuna on fried tortilla basically, flavors were tad boring)  [Bah items] Rock shrimp tacos (shrimpy shrimp excessively covered in batter) Mundo fries (no bueno, super dull fries) The free salsa & chips (probably worst item, but hey it's free!)  Note: During happy hour you have to sit at the bar to get the happy hour deal. But, we talked to the staff and they were nice enough to accommodate our group who wanted both happy hour and dinner items. How cool is that!
My friend and I stopped by Mundo before heading to the Smith Center to watch Wicked. We started off with the guacamole and it was delicious! They also gave us chips and salsa. The salsa had good flavor but wasn't quite spicy enough for either of us. We both ordered the sangria and I would highly recommend it.    We're both alike and we can never decide on one thing. Since she's a vegetarian, I decided to go with a veggie entree so we could both try two different items. She ordered the garden quesadilla and I ordered the garden enchiladas. Both entrees were pretty good!  I would definitely like to go back and try one of their meat entrees though. They also have a brunch menu that sounds amazing. I will definitely be back sometime to give it another try.
The corn was so good! The wagyu skirt steak was good, but not great. A little pricey but the food is good. My wife got the scallops which were tasty.
This has to be my all time favorite restaurant EVER.  I go at least once per month, but would go every week if I had the chance. The food is creative and full of  flavor and depending on what is ordered the portions are generous.  I have had just about everything on the menu but my favorite item is the Chipolte Shrimp Tamales.  The well seasoned shrimp are more like prawns, the tamale is sweet and the it's a pleasant contrast to the spicy sauce. The presentation, flavor and texture combination of this dish have made it my families favorite item to order.  The ala carte sides are unique and tasty and the desserts are designed to share.   The service has always been great, but every once in a while the staff seems frazzled (but still friendly and professional).
Very tasty. Easy Parking. Hip design. I plan to return many times.
Went there for brunch for my aunt's birthday this place was great. I got the wagyu skirt steak and got my eggs poached. It was a perfectly cooked medium rare and the eggs were just right. My grandpa had the pancakes which I suggest trying because one bite and i was hooked. My mother got a mexican twist on eggs benedict which worked really well with jalapeno corn bread instead of english muffins and pork carnitas instead of canadian bacon  My aunt got the steak omelette which looked good but I couldn't try since I'm allergic to avocado. For dessert (like we needed it) we got the tres leche cake which was good but for me had a not so great after taste but maybe it was because of the other stuff I ate. Over all it was good and will go back again for dinner. On a side note my mom got the bottomless bloody mary which is totally worth it since one is $9 and the bottomless is $20 and it had to be the biggest glass of bloody mary I've seen so be prepared to get a lil tipsy early in the day :)
I have eaten here several times before going to a show at the Smith Center, and have never been disappointed.   You must start with the guacamole.  It is excellent, we ate every last bite and actually almost licked the plate clean.   This visit, I had the Filet Mignon for my main course and my friend had the Chilean Sea Bass.  I am not a big seafood fan, but even I enjoyed several stolen bites of my friend's entree.     Everything I have had on the menu is extremely rich in flavor, and beautifully presented.  Most people rave about the chopped salad, but it really was not my favorite.  I wish they would bring back the Bibb Wedge they used to have, then they would definitely have my 5 stars as it would have made my meal perfect.   Service is great, but I would recommend making reservations if you are planning on attending a show at the Smith Center.  The dining room fills up fast after about 530pm, but the staff and kitchen are well prepared to handle the quick influx of guests.
This restaurant is amazing.  I've had beef, scallops, chicken, salads and everything is good. If you are in Las Vegas, take the trip out to eat at Mundo. It will be a great experience! Take all your friends.
OMG I love Mundo. Been here many times. To all the negative reviewers, are you sure you went to Mundo? Anyway,  the shrimp tamales may be the best thing I've ever eaten in my entire life, period. The service has always been great. Last night I had a Cut on my finger re-open so the server took me to the bar where the bartender squeezed lime on it and the other bartender put salt on it. Needless to say the cut was completely healed in seconds. This is by far my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas hands down. True art in cuisine.
I've heard nothing but accolades regarding Mundo, and decided my birthday would be a nice chance to finally taste the greatness of all that I've read and heard about.  Our waiter made the experience extremely disappointing. We arrived the same time the mayor and her husband did - literally walking in the door at the same time. They finished their meal and were leaving AS OUR ORDER WAS BEING PLACED. This happened to two other tables that were seated around the same time we were.  Our waiter was unprofessional, inattentive and only came to our table when we requested. The best .. when we raised our concerns at the end of the meal he was argumentative?! Who does that?!  The food, outstanding - definitely lived up to the hype - but if I'm dropping $$$ money on a restaurant, I have an expectation that the entire experience is going to be $$$.    We did speak with the manager on site, and that experience was as disappointing. She responded with the same argumentative tone, and backed the waiter when he listed a myriad of poor excuses for his inattention to our table.  Nothing was offered in compensation, and no apology for our bad experience -- and we were nice about explaining what had happened.  I would like to say I'll be back (like I said, food was outstanding). But I doubt I will, because I won't take the risk that I will be treated like that with my friends again.  See ya at Javiers!
Was at the Market for a business trip and decided to take it easy and have lunch here. At first glance it looked like the place was expensive, and probably not going to be worth it, i was PROVED WRONG when they had a decently priced happy hour. I believe we spent 60 bucks for three people and came out satisfied. The food had great flavor(calamari, beef sticks, nachos, tacos, etc etc)  I WILL eat here again when I'm back in town.
Best happy hour in Vegas. Excellent food at happy hour Great service and great cocktails One of my regular spots
Visited for Dinner before going to the Smith Center for a show with freinds and there were 3 kids in our party about 8 years old.  This is not a kid freindly place.  We asked the waiter for guidance on ordering for the kids and he just said we don't have a kids menu.  So, what are we suppose to do, just get up an leave?  We finally got some help with what the kids could eat but what he proposed was not kid friendly. One item was deep fried to long and was so hard it could not be eaten by kids.  They also charged $12 each for thin, 6 inch round casadias.  Kids left hungery and the waiter was just not very freindly.  He acted too big time to help us and smile.  The adult meals were good and beer was a good price.  Manager was nice and adjusted the bill, but if you have to get to know the manager, it was probably not a good night out or a good dining experience.   Prices were kinda high for dinner for mexican food, in the 20 to 30 dollar range but I liked my meal and it is close to the Smith Center so no worries on the adult meal prices.    I would go back for lunch but maybe not for dinner and never again with kids.
very good yummy food, the place is very stylish and beautiful. I liked everything. But this place receives 4 starts only because of the very very veeeery bad hostess they had today (Feb. 9) for lunch. when we came in she didn't even lift her eyes to acknowledge our presence, told us to wait for a table and didn't even tell anyone to set up a table for us (while the place had only 2 full tables LOL) and when we (only 2 people) told her that this was ridiculous, she still would not allow us to sit at a table. Very not proper restaurant hostess attitude!!  But, once again, I was to emphasize that the food was great, the rest of service was spot on. I will go back for sure, but I hope I won't see the same sour face at the door.
went here for our parents' 40th anniversary. called ahead to make a reservation. the staff was very friendly and made our parents' feel special by congratulating them as they walked in (so they had taken a look at my notes on the reservation!). we had a beautiful table awaiting us, the music was soft, the decor wonderful. easy to have conversation, very attentive staff, and absolutely delicious food.   i would recommend the 'pork tenderloin' as the the single most delicious dish on their menu.   great place for family. we had a 9month baby with us and the staff was very helpful in making sure to get us any thing we needed and also were kind to the baby.
Located on the first floor of one of the World Market Center buildings, Mundo is the only restaurant open during and after shops at the WMC shops close.  During my two visits, I noticed that chips and salsa were brought out immediately. The wait staff is always there to refill drinks. The recommendations by the staff helped make my second visit a success. There is actual flavor to the food I ordered, not just spicy, it was both.   The steaks were excellent, which is a different experience from most Mexican restaurants I have been to. The price per entree reflects that this is a higher end restaurant.  I would not advise paying $24 for a shrimp tamale however. That dish should be around $14 max. The street corn and Mexican risotto are great side items. I ordered the Mexican risotto on both of my visits.  If you are looking for a premium meal before or after an event in the World Market Center, Downtown Las Vegas or The Smith Center, do consider Mundo.
Such an amazing experience! The staff was pleasant efficient and helpful. The atmosphere was great and the Food was delicious. We had the sea bass which despite the cilantro jalapeño marinade was very mild and cooked perfectly. The pork loin was cooked to perfect as were the pork chops that were on special. The sautéed spinach was fantastic and the Mexican risotto was a fun twist. We will definitely be back!!
Went Vegan for MUNDO!  Loved the chic decor, definitely my type of spot. Hidden, modern with a full stock bar. Don't forget the extensive Spanish/Mexican inspired Wine list.   Appetizer: 5/5 Since your given complimentary tortilla chips and salsa, It was a given duh that we'd order GUACAMOLE. I'm a sucker for guacamole, super fresh and creamy.*  Wine: 5/5 Wine from around the world, I chose Casillero del diablo, merlot 2008, from chile. Thought hmmm Spanish inspired Chile wines a must. Smooth and refreshing, with a little bite. The color was a dark ruby red.   Vegan Entree: 5/5 I appreciate restaurants that appreciate their Vegan customers. So when I noticed they offered Vegan entree's I couldn't resist being a Vegan for one night. I ordered the garden quesadilla with manchego and oaxaca cheese, 3 bean relish, green chile pipian drizzle. This was surprisingly super yummy. The pop of hot spices and fresh ingredients YUMM.
Mundo is a new Rick Bayless restaurant in Las Vegas. I've been making annual pilgrimages to Rick Bayless's Chicago restaurants, Fronterra Grill/Topolobombo, since a coworker turned me onto them eight or nine years ago.  Rick Bayless is the man who has elevated Mexican food to a religious experience for foodies. When I asked my partner who is the chef de cuisine at home where he wanted to eat during our week in Vegas, he said "See if Rick Bayless has opened a restaurant in Vegas."  The restaurant, Mundo,  is located in a Frank Gerry inspired complex of buildings near downtown Las Vegas called the "World Market Center".  The development is huge and unfortunately has white elephant written all over it.  I half-expected to see tumbleweeds blowing past the windows. I did a web search this morning and learned that the building owners had just defaulted on a half billion dollar loan.  Mundo itself is unpretentious, a welcome contrast to the overblown ghost town it sits in. We were there on a Monday night and the place was barely half full. We were seated and the chips arrive promptly with a red salsa. Up to this point, anybody unfamiliar with Rick Bayless would have been lulled into thinking "this reminds me of Chevy's" and "maybe I should be a little wild and order the Cadillac margarita".  Then you eat your first chip with the salsa and your taste buds search the salsa database in your head and you realize you haven't had this variation. It's a thin sauce that coats your chip and imparts this smoky, roasted tomato/chili flavor. That Cadillac margarita comes and goes down easily. There is none of the aftertaste you get with high fructose corn syrup.  What Rick Bayless does as well as any chef that I've experienced is that he plays "flavor notes". This is my own terminology for how I experience food. A good chef can register a flavor note or two per dish. Bayless hits several. It's the difference between hearing "Chopsticks" and a Bach sonata.  I skipped an appetizer so I could relax and enjoy the cocktail, chips, and guacamole.  My partner had the Mundo Chopped Salad. There's probably ten ingredients with a chipotle molasses vinaigrette. I take a bite and hear music.  My entree is a chile relleno stuffed with filet mignon, potatoes, wild mushrooms, and goat cheese covered with a smoked chili sauce. Our waiter warns me that the dish can be too spicy for American tastes. Well into my Cadillac margarita, I throw caution to the window and tell him to bring it on. The chili packs a punch but it is a couple of steps in back of my threshold. The filet mignon is tender and favorable. I eat everything except for the stem of the chili. My partner has the Sarape de Pollo. It looks like a quesidilla but is anything but. It is a piece of chicken pounded to look like a tortilla then it's topped with black beans, manchego, mint chimichurri, guacamole, and pico de gallo. He raves about the dish.  We have banana empanadas and tres leche cake for dessert. I barely get a bite of the empanads from my partner but the tres leche cake holds its own in comparison. Our server, Jose, has been gracious and attentive throughout the meal. There is nothing rote about the service. He makes suggestions during the meal to heighten our experience - like adding a bite of the unused guacamole with the chile relleno or going for the Cadillac.  We leave thinking that regular Mexican food will never taste the same again. Until Bayless opens a restaurant in San Francisco, we will have to make pilgrimages to Chicago and Las Vegas.
Celebrated my husbands birthday there with friends.  Loved the food.  Everyone was very surprised where it was and how nice it was.  Thank you for a great time.  Peepz
If you're looking for a more chic/upscale Mexican place and not wanting to deal with the strip...  *Great Mexican place for Vegetarians  The service was very good and prompt. They tell you about the specials when they give you the menu - they had 4 additional options that night. Favorite thing about this place - Margaritas. They use Agave, silver tequila and lime juice...so simple but it's my favorite.  The salsa and guacamole is ok. The salsa doesn't have a special taste nor did the guac. I love spicy guac or to have the option at least.   For dinner -  Sweet Chipotle glaze shrimp tamale. LOVED this! I loved the spiciness of the red sauce. Very good sweet/spicy mix and very creamy corn for the tamale.  Skirt steak - Anytime I can get arrachera, I will do so. This was a very good dish with a side of sauteed spinach with onions and jalapenos. I'm not sure how long they marinade it for, but arrachera usually has a ton of flavor in it. This one was good and tender, just not as much flavor as I'm used to.   My friend had one of the specials - Pan seared scallops on a bed of rice pilaf. It also was very good. The scallops where very tender and not rubbery tasting like a lot of places around here serve.   Overall, I liked this place a lot. I think it's a lovely modern setting for a nice date or a small group of people with good food and drinks.
A gem off the strip.  We come to vegas 2x a year for work and have finally realized in the past two trips that we need to get off the strip to get away from overpriced, mediocre food.  Mundo was one of the places I found and I haven't been disappointed!  Most recently, we ate here last week with a group of 9 for a salesman dinner for hubby's company.  I felt the food would be accessible, there would be a good amount of alcohol flowing, and it wouldn't break the bank for that many people.  And the atmosphere/ look of the restaurant is impressive and beautiful.  When we were there they had a lot of beautiful in full bloom roses all over the restaurant.    Overall the dinner went really well and we had some wonderful dishes.  Everyone was pretty happy.  The only exception to that was that 3 people ordered the skirt steak dish and said it was on the tough/chewy side and could have used more marinating.  Here's what we got:  Drinks Paloma- a spin on a Margarita with grapefruit instead of lime juice Margarita- love their classic margarita and they're only $9! White wine- paco y lola arbarino from spain- delicious Red wine- casillero del diablo carmenere from chile- run of the mill red, probably should have gone for something else.    Apps (shared) Tortilla chips & salsa- complementary.  Fresh salsa and freshly fried chips.  Nice! Queso Flameado- comes with piping hot tortillas.  This was delicious but we were sharing and I couldn't tell what else was in it other than the melted cheese on top.  I think there's guacamole in there.  Would definitely get this again.   Guacamole- this was fine but nothing that special. Calamari- nicely fried calamari, but not a lot of them to share.  Probably wouldn't get this again.   Ahi Tuna Tostada- this was an awesome dish.  Comes sliced into 6 wedges.  Very thin crispy tortilla with ground up ahi tuna spread on top.  It has some sort of garlic-y oil on it that makes it taste sooo good.   Chopped salad- very nice and refreshing.  sweetened with cranberries.  Entrees Chilean sea bass- comes in a paper "envelope".  Was told that this was a very good dish Scallops- comes on a bed of rice mixed with corn and some other things.  The scallops looked like they were burnt to a crisp on one side, but actually they were perfectly cooked.  the rice was very nice and a little spicy. Skirt steak- like I said, all three who got this said it was chewy and tough.  Disappointing to hear that. Shrimp tamale- hubby got this and he was unimpressed with the tamale part, but the shrimp on top were really good.  Probably not worth the price of this entree.    Dessert- Churros- filled with some sort of chocolate ganache with a small dish of melted chocolate for dipping.  Perfect ending to the evening.
I have a rule when it comes to Mexican food: if the menus are in English, it's probably no good. I am happy to report that Mundo breaks that rule ... really, REALLY breaks it.   Mundo takes excellent (and fairly authentic) Mexican food and kicks it up just enough to truly make it a dining experience.   The skirt steak appetizer was served with marinated avocados... I was skeptical, but they were fantastic. My Shrimp Diablo was very well prepared and just spicy enough to enrich the flavor without overpowering it. In fact, everything we tried was excellent, but to be honest, it wasn't the entrees or appetizers that sold us. As authentic Mexican food lovers, it was the Mexican street corn (or Elotes, as we called it when I lived on the border) that really put us over the top. I would order them again with every meal, and on every visit -- and believe me, there will be plenty more visits to come!
I went here on a blind date and the food was better than the date. The service was excellent and very professional. I had the tacos and they were delicious. The only reason I am giving it 4 stars and not 5 is because of the price. I thought the price was a little high for what you get. But overall its a great date spot and a good place for a nice power lunch.
If you are thinking of trying Mundo for the first time, please read this. This was the worst experience I have ever had in a restaurant. Unfortunately we weren't able to try the food because we were verbally attacked by the owner, Mingo Collaso, so this review is for the experience only. Here's what happened.  My husband and I (we are locals) called the restaurant at 3 pm, asking if they were still serving lunch. The host was very sweet and polite and said they were serving dinner and happy hour. I told her we had a baby in a car seat (she is 8 weeks old and sleeps all day as newborns do)- and could we bring her into the restaurant with us to eat. She said she'd check and seconds later she said it would be fine.  We arrived, were politely greeted, the host acknowledged that I had called, and she brought us to our table. There was not ONE OTHER PERSON in the restaurant. I repeat- we were the only people there. We sat down and the server/ bartender greeted us and we ordered a cocktail. We then ordered several items off the happy hour menu. The baby was being great (still in her carseat), we had cocktails, food on its way- so far so good.  Then a man (owner Mingo Collaso) walked up to our table and said, "I want you to know there's nothing I can do about it now, but children are not allowed in the restaurant." I looked at him with a confused look, since we had been seated there by the host, and said, "Well, I called ahead and asked--" and he interrupted me and said, "I don't care. Like I said, there's nothing I can do about it now." I said, "are you asking us to leave?" and he responded again, "I don't care."  I asked him, "Why are you treating us this way? Why are you being so rude?" He responded again about how children were not allowed, and I pointed out that there was not one other person in the restaurant and we had called and asked. He repeated, "I don't care," and turned on his heels and stormed OUT of the restaurant.  We were shocked. I have never been treated this badly in a restaurant in my life. I worked in the service industry for ten years and have never seen anyone treated like this. We had called ahead about the baby, arrived when not a single person was there, ordered drinks and food, and were suddenly attacked by the owner. I felt like I got punched in the face.  He was obviously mad at his staff for allowing us in and behaved like a child by taking it out on us. I will strongly advise anyone who wants a positive service experience to not go to Mundo. The owner is unprofessional, unkind, and rude. I literally left in tears thanks to him.
After UYE event we decided to check out this place , I've never been here so this is a first. At the world market center, parking outside is best rather than the parking lot.  The dining room is spectacular , I felt like I was in a high end restaurant on the strip. It has a modern cool feel.  Chips and salsa: crispy and dusted in a chile spice, salsa is fresh and flavorful, with a slight kick to it.  Unfortunately, I had to leave early for work so I did not get a chance to try the food. I will update this if I ever go to this place again.  This place could have been 5 stars if the hostess would have redeemed my yelp check in offer, which was supposed to be a hi five.
Located in the World Market campus, close to the outlet and Smiths Center.  I went here with Yelpers after an event.  Aside from good food, I am a sucker for nice modern interior design which Mundo has.  Plush seats, chandeliers, mirrors, flowers and splashes of color here and there.  We were given complimentary chips and salsa to hold us over before we got our entrees.  The service wasn't excellent but maybe part of it was because we were a group of about 18 people. I ordered the skirt steak tacos but I was given somebody else's food.  The steak tacos were good.  My sangria was a bit watered down.  For the steak tacos, fabulous interior design and location...4 stars.
This place is a complete rip off. They charge 4 small tacos and even a single quesadilla for approximately 11-12 dollars and the cheapest food on their menu is a small house salad for 7 dollars that I can easily make at home from grocery produce that I can buy from a super market. I went with a few yelpers after a large event and upon arrival the place was pretty well lit, clean, and cozy; but I was surprised at their menu because it was incredibly limited and devoid of any substantial variety.  It took them around 40 minutes for them to finally finish cooking our meals and from looking at all the dishes that the other yelpers, ordered they looked incredibly small. No single dish could even seem as though it could satisfy anyone's hunger. I believe that you need to order at least 3 or more (which means more spending!) to even accomplish such a simple endeavor.   Also, the service staff members were kind of creepy. Sure, they all wore nice fancy dress shirts and ties, but we could all tell that they were simply pretending to act nice towards us so we won't complain about spending money on their overly priced foods. They also seemed to enjoy talking in a high pitched vocal tonality for some strange apparent reason (not that they are necessarily brown nosers of course :P). It's easy enough to simply acted as though they cared, but there were very few people in the venue and I could not believe the tremendous amount of time they took to make our food.     They only exception I can guarantee is the variety of exotic alcohol drinks that seemed to fill up 1/3 of their menu and of course their fancy  environment, but this place is pretty small regardless. I would wish that a better restaurant could occupy Mundo's space because of their grand location near the World Market Center but I'll just avoid this spot for now.   The only advice that I could give is to go try this place out yourself or if this review managed to fully convince you how terrible this place was, it's better to go buy your own groceries or even travel to Ihop/Dennys for a more superior experience.
I am a Yelper that does not sugar coat things. Yelp is my Diary and I write it like it is. Based on my experience at Mundo I am writing a review that places it in the middle of the rating spectrum.     After the UYE at Springs Preserve, I joined my Yelp friends  for more good times at Mundo Restaurant. I was not hungry but up to socializing with yelpers and a couple of tequilas.    The tequilas were strong. When I walked into the restaurant later than everybody, some of my yelp friends were laughing and  having a great time. Right off the bat, I had to try their tequila. After I took a few sips of my tequila, I was laughing and very relaxed. The tequila was so good that I wanted another one. This is when I found out that the service here is kind of slow. I knew the waiter was busy serving our group. So I walked across the fancy dining room to the bar. There is an issue. The bar tender was also a waiter. The result was a wait for the tequila. Finally I rejoined my Yelp peers at the table carrying my second tequila.    The place itself is a nice environment to hang out in. Although it is in the Furniture Center Complex, it is a restaurant that would be at home in Beverly Hills, It is just a very fancy restaurant.     Interior design and the good times I shared with my Yelper friends is not saving Mundo from achieving above three stars in my review. There are some issues that don't fly by me. First, another Yelper paid for his drink at the bar, and that drink was also reflected on that individuals check. I have been to three restaurants with Yelp peers. This is the first restaurant to add each yelper's tab on one bill. I do not like that! I especially did not like that when the waiter told us that we were $18 short. Even after two strong tequilas! Realistically there is no way to add up everybody's tab and see who came up short. That is if anybody really did come up short. This also begs the question, "If we paid the tip was there still a gratuity charge?" We probably will never know. We each chipped in the extra money to make up for the alleged $18 short of paying the bill. Adding each person's tab on one bill is just poor business. Then alleging that we are $18 short is just poor business. The nice environment and socializing with the Yelper friends with the strong tequila kept the rating at three stars.  Review 66 of the 2013 Yelp 100 Challenge
We have had lunch here several times, but today, it finally dawned on me that I haven't yelped about this place.  It's legit.  The salsa has a little heat to it, which I like.  Also, the guacamole had a lot of additional ingredients:  peppers, onion, tomato, radishes, etc.  It was fantastic as well.  For lunch, I had the wagyu fajitas.  These were EXCELLENT and for $20 you get quite a lot of food.  The steak is heavily - but not overly so - seasoned, as are the accompanying onions and peppers.  You also get rice and beans, it's more than enough to make 3 good sized fajitas.  We also had the shrimp tacos, which are a staple for us at Mundo.  3 tacos in smaller size tortillas, they fill them to the brim, to the point you will probably have to resort to a fork at times.  They are crispy and flavorful, which is why one of us typically gets them.  Today, we shared the street corn, which is taken off the cob and mixed with cojita cheese, crema, and spices.  It was excellent, better than many creamed corn dishes I've had at fancy steakhouses.  This side dish is a must, the corn is firm and retains a lot of its crunch.  The cheese is noticeable, and the spices add flavor without overwhelming.  Can't believe I haven't eaten this before.  Also, none of our drinks got close to empty.  Excellent service throughout.  Highly recommend Mundo.
In Vegas for a Girls' weekend and was super excited we had reservations for a Rick Bayless place.  Mundo is in a design center...somewhat strange locale but the restaurant is 'Latin Chic," we went with it.   We all got super excited when we saw "Mexican Corn" on the menu.  To be fair, this is out great expectation to another experience we had in NYC with mexican corn at a little hole in the wall place...AND this is Rick Bayless IT MUST BE EVEN BETTER! (wait for it....)  The "MEH."  (Would have been aokay at 3 stars) 1.  The sangria was tasty, none of us could get a buzz off of it. 2.  The Mexican corn came out...and it was waaaay too rich.  There was waayyy too much cream/cheese in it to really enjoy it.  Had it been a bit lighter, we would have inhaled it. 3.  Carnitas...had better.  RB didn't revolutionalize or improve upon it. Sadly...meh.  The Grr.... (minus the 1 star) Service:  overall all the servers were friendly.  However dropped a few balls which wasn't such a huge deal...but don't lie to me about a $2 cup of coffee.  - Initially Jose, our server was friendly, jabs here and there (perfect in sparring with these group of girls).  However as the night wore on...the attentiveness wore off. He forgot my corn.  Come to find out, he served it to another friend at the other side of the table.  Not such a big deal. - Then came dessert.  I asked for a cup of coffee with a plate of Churros for the table.  The churros came, we ate it, it was okay, we sat there -- no coffee. - Meanwhile, a table he was familiar with sat down next to us and he proceeds to yak them up, even pulling out his phone for a slide show and having a complate conversation with the table. - When he finally got back to our table 20 minutes later, I looked at him and he realized he never brought my coffee and proceeded with the following:  --   JOSE:   Oh! I am so sorry!  I won't charge you for it, it is removed it but let me give you a cup to go.  --   ME:  Forget it..  Just take it off the bill  --   JOSE:  Please. Let me buy you a cup of coffee.  --   ME:  No, forget it.  --   JOSE:  You sure?  Okay...well here's the bill, no rush My friend took the bill and muttered to another friend "ooh...the coffee is still on here"  Now.  Let me set something straight.  It isn't the $2 he charged for my coffee.  Rather , why make the big gesture of falling on the sword with "I am SO SORRY! I TOOK IT OFF! LET ME BRING YOU A CUP TO GO!"   Had that been it, I would have been fine, but no....he lies about a $2 cup of coffee...
Stopped in after my event to have quick drink w the fellas. Cool atmosphere nice bar I would consider coming back and seeing what the food might be like since I like latin food.
The Company and decor  here were better than the food and service...bottom line.  We stopped in for lunch with a bunch of yelpers and I decided to go with the Shortrib Enchilada.  It was good, but a little skimpy on the portion, and priced pretty high for what you get. I guess when you got Rick Bayless attached to a restaurant, then its justified? Nope, not for me  The sevice was pretty bad, and left a bad impression too...don't tell us you CANNOT split checks when your dumba$$ just split some checks within our party! 18% auto gratuity??? one of the stupidest policies ever created....never a fan, especially when a server knows that's already "locked in" whether mistakes are made or not. They totally didn't deserve it.  I'll stick to local mom and pop joints and even the streets, where they serve up Mexican food with SOUL....ALOHA!!!  YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(77/100) "All Show, No Go"
Today i had the opportunity to dine at Mundo with Samantha G her spouse and my spouse Josie L.  I was encouraged by word of mouth to make a reservation due to how busy this place always is. When we arrived we used available valet, and quickly went inside. It was a little busy but not what we expected, really died out once theater crowd had left for show time. We were seated promptly and had drinks ordered and salsa and chips right away, big plus. We had the Avocado dip which was pricey for the amount we got and not too impressive as pictures and other yelpers stated. I had the Carnitas and they were very good and my side of Street Corn was amazing. My wife Josie had a chicken special that she found was really good. Desert was Cherros that were good except for the filling in the middle. We also had the crepes they were good but a little too thick for our tastes. While having desert Valet brought me my keys, business was slow and they were closing down. It was 8:45 PM. Overall a good meal good service. For the prices I expected more.
Service is spot on. The "sarape de pollo", is packed with flavor.
This place is awesome has great food very authentic! also the owners of the place actually make alien brand tequila! as good as it gets!
Mundo is a small place that I had never heard of before. It is located in the World Market Center. We went here on a weekend afternoon and there wasn't a lot of staff. We had a huge table, and they took a while even just to come get our drink order. The place wasn't busy or anything, otherwise I would have forgiven it more. That's a big annoyance of mine. Thankfully though, after that setback, everything ran a lot smoother until it was time for the check. They struggle with splitting up checks. Like really had an issue with it. It makes the place look pretty incompetent and we had to all manually figure out what we owed. They bring you some chips and salsa before your meal. They were really tasty. Mundo makes a pretty refreshing mojito. And after the salty chips, the mojito was very welcomed.   I ordered the short rib enchilada. You get two enchiladas. At first I thought it wasn't much food, but between the chips, the drink and the enhiladas, I was stuffed. The meat was very tender and the sauce was great! I'd order that again anytime. But it's still pricey for two enchiladas.   The place has a really nice ambiance as well. It had a really nice design, along with classy lighting. I felt underdressed coming from Springs Preserve. But it wasn't a pretentious place, where you would mind being a little underdressed very much. All in all, if in the area, Mundo is worth checking out. I wasn't head over heels enough to make the trek for it specifically though. Step up the service, add at least one more enchilada for the price you charge (or just adjust the price), and figure out how to use your point of sale system and you'll be a four or maybe even five star spot in my eyes. The food doesn't need to be changed at all though, it was delicious.
it's good but I expected great.  I had the chopped salad, carnitas and tried the roast chicken.  everything had a hint of sweet.  my biggest disappointment of the night is the server recommending corn tortillas with my carnitas. I would have gotten them anyway but he made it sound like they were house-made.  they could have been right off the smith's grocery store shelves.  lame.
The boyfriend and I took our parents here around Christmas. The hostesses were very nice. Our server claimed he had a big Christmas party he was handling,  so we were very understanding to him not being very attentive. However, we later found out that the party was buffet style and he had help. Needless to say, this was a bit irritating. Our steaks, fish, and pork were cooked perfectly. Unfortunately almost everything we ordered was extremely spicy. None of us mind a bit of spice, but everything being very spicy overpowered the meal and made it hard to enjoy.  All in all I would consider this a decent meal. Although for the price and poor service, decent feels more like mediocre.
Located at the bottom of the World Market Center in Downtown, Mundo is in a fantastic spot near a busy shopping center and the Smith Center.   Brad L organized a fun get together and all of us were looking forward to our Mundo experience. I'd read a few reviews and seen a write up in a local paper and was ready for Mundo. The decor in this place is very inviting.  It's elegant without being stuffy. We started with a few drinks: beer and sangria.  After we got settled in, we nibbled on seasoned chips and chunky salsa while our group waited for the rest our meal.   Of the four dishes that we tried, the carnitas plate was far and away the best. The meat was tender and flavorful. Anyone ordering this dish would be satisfied with the quality. I had no issues with the other food, I was simply expecting more creative selections. Perhaps it is not fair to judge a restaurant based on my expectations of creativity, but the location, the decor, and even their website promises customers something ....more.  "[Mundo] is a creative, collaborative effort..." The creativity was more than evident in the lovely decor and space design, but I missed it in the food. To me, upscale Mexican food should have a twist. I can get expected, traditional, delicious fare at a number of places in the Valley for considerably less money. I thought I was paying for a variation on dishes I know very well. That was not the case. The food was good. The meat was spiced and cooked well, the beans were nicely seasoned, and the salsas were full of flavor. The "street" corn was a surprise. It was creamy and crunchy with a bit of tang. It was the best of our side dishes.   The desert was disappointing.  The churros and crepes were a let down. I whole- heatedly admit that I am not a desert connoisseur. But even more so than with my meal, I am looking to have an experience with my desert. PARTICULARLY at an upscale restaurant. I had no such experience here. Both selections were topped with the same caramel drizzle. The churros came with a side of more caramel and chocolate sauce. They were filled with a soft spiced mixture. I have seen this in churros before, but in spite of the meal, I was still expecting an "elevated" churro. Maybe a twist on the traditional churro? Or at least a traditional churro done beautifully? No such luck. In addition to sliced apple, the crepe seemed to contain a variation of the spiced creme that was in the churro. No gracias.   Service was solid. They were quick to take away finished plates and they made sure that we had refills.   VIBE: Nuevo Warm  Mundo didn't blow me away, but because of its location and solid main dishes, I will likely return.
Located in the World Market Center in downtown Las Vegas.  My dining companion and I came here due to the positive yelp reviews.  Firstly, I would say that though yelpers have rated it "casual", it's not--I've spent the entire day walking the strip in the heat--casual.  My dining companion was wearing shorts and a t-shirt and felt under-dressed.  I ordered the chicken enchiladas and my dining companion had their carnitas.  Neither dish was outstanding.  Maybe I've had a little too much absolutely amazing cheap Mexican food (in both Mexico and places in CA) but if you're charging me nearly 20 bucks for a couple of chicken enchiladas (no sides), then they better be over-the-moon fantastic.  They were not.  Dining companion reported the $24 carnitas solid but not fabulous.  The one redeeming factor was the service.  Our servers were excellent--friendly, prompt, and everything you'd like a server to be!  4 star for the service, 2 star for the food--split the difference and hit it with 3 stars.
Mundo is a wonderful, modern take on Mexican food. The decor, dishes, and service (and price) are all a step-up in quality from a normal Mexican joint, yet it is still approachable. Yeah, you might feel a little out of place in a raggy t-shirt and jeans that a mom-n-pop joint would gladly welcome, but it is not overly stylish and cold, it just has a bit of modern flare. I have been to this place about a dozen times and have been satisfied each time. However, it should be noted that about a third of those times I have ordered the sea bass tacos, so menu diversification is not a strong point. But let that be a merit on the side of those lovely tacos that are just oh so hard to say no to. I am a sucker for fish tacos and have tried many. Being a connoisseur, it should be taken with some weight that I throw my vote for these tasty, over-loaded tortillas as the best fish tacos in the Valley. They are brimming with different flavors and a touch of spice. Do up the sea bass tacos and your good belly will thank you!
Make res first.  Went on Saturday at 5:30 and they wouldn't seat us.  There were at least 10 tables open, but said they had lots of reservations later that night.  Buzzkill.  We went old school to El Sombrero on Main and Utah instead.  Been there since 1946 and the have the best chile Colorado and Chile verde you could ask for.
I had a GC for Mundo for at least a year before going to try it out. We finally got around to it for my husband's birthday a few weeks ago.  I wasn't crazy about the location, but it is a short walk from the Smith Center.  We were seated right away. While we were looking over the menus, I mentioned to my husband that I was going to order a glass of wine. And, our server (I think his name was Jose) brought it over immediately without me even asking, which really impressed me.   Do not fill up on the homemade tortilla chips and salsa they bring you because the food was pretty awesome. I had the cilantro lime sea bass which was excellent, and my husband had the carnitas. He said they were sweeter than what he was expecting, but also delicious. The rock star of the meal was the Mexican street corn we split. It was to die for, and I have been thinking about it ever since. SO GOOD!!!  We ordered dessert. I had the flan and my husband had the chocolate tres leches cake. Both were just OK.  I think we spent around $100 bucks including the tip. Based on this experience at Mundo, I have added it to my top 5 restaurants in Vegas. Great food, and even better service. I already have plans to go back!!
Went there for a birthday dinner.  Three of us, two cocktail orders, and one of those was forgotten and had to track the waiter down in the middle of the restaurant 20 minutes later to get it.  Nice glassware for 'tinis, no special glasses for Ritas. Chilean Sea Bass was okay.  Served wrapped in parchment paper, everything from the bass to the potatoes to the tomatoes had exactly the same texture.  The chicken tortilla soup appeared to be beef bullion based instead of tomato based.  Guacamole left quite a bit to be desired as there was a big void in the seasoning.  All in all, will NOT return, nor would I recommend the dinner to anyone.
The food is great and portions can be very large. I ordered the skirt steak (looked to be about a 12 oz portion) with pretty much a whole avodcado on top and came with a side. Delicious but a bit much before a show at the Smith Center where I am not going to bring a doggy bag in with me. My friend had the Mahi Mahi also a good portion that came with chorizo rice and a decent size arugala salad (no side came with this one). In the past, I have had the pork tenderloin and it was fantastic. I would order all three of these dishes again.
Some of the best food I've ever had. Top 10 of all time.   If we refinance our home and can afford to eat there again, we will.  Expect to spend $100 for two with a couple margaritas. That's a lot for a few enchilada.
This review only indicates the lack of customer service associated w/ a recent dinner we were suppose to have. Reservations were made to celebrate my bday & I called 3hrs prior to confirm the reservation. The hostess confirmed the reservation but about an hr before our reservation I received a vm that the restaurant was closed for dinner & they could not accommodate our party. I called them back & the hostess confirmed that they had a special event & only the bar would be open tonight for chips & cocktails. Really??? Why accept our reservation & then confirm it the day of. Not a successful way to run a business :( Not a good start to my bday evening!
On 8-10-13, my wife and I had dinner reservations for 6:30 PM.  However, we were running late and didn't arrive until almost 7:00 o'clock.  Knowing that we had show reservations at 8:00, we decided to set at the bar and just have a couple of drinks.  Upon arriving at the bar, we were greeted by the assistant bartender and bartender, both were extremely pleasant!  Our drinks we really good, but the star of the show was the food.  We accidentally ordered grilled calamari instead of the usual fried.  What a wonderful mistake.  The grilled calamari was to die for.  We also had the chicken sate, which was seasoned to perfection.  Can't wait to go back.  We live in California but every time we come to Vegas, Mundo will be a destination.  Warning: It can be a little pricey, but in my humble opinion, it's well worth it (-:
The ahi tostada app was good. Spiced Ahi entree had really good blend of flavors. Hubby's scallops were delish. Dishes reminded me of Mesa Grill, which is one of my favorite restaurants.   Service was friendly and fast. Ambiance was chic and romantic. Location was a little interesting - right in the middle of World Market.  Overall I would go back again... For the filet mignon chile relleno :)
I came here with some friends for some early dinner but we were unaware that the kitchen didn't open until 5pm (It was 4). We sat at the bar, had loads of awesome drinks, and the bartender made sure we had chips and salsa the entire time. Once it came around to ordering food, it came out pretty fast considering the restaurant was pretty packed by the time the kitchen opened. I had the scallops, and they were AMAZING. Best part of the night, our bartender gave us an employee discount, making our bill about 50% percent off. Of course, we left the a hefty tip since she put up with us for a couple of hours!
Three friends and I came in for dinner before a show at The Smith Center; I think it's safe to assume the majority of the other patrons were doing the same thing. The show was at 7:30 and we got there just after our 6:00 reservation. Well, two of us got there--the other two were running a bit late but we went ahead and ordered drinks & guacamole. The service was good; they were quite busy and our server let us know we needed to order within the next 5 minutes if we wanted to make our show. We appreciated his letting us know.   The ambiance is nice as well, and the location obviously is the biggest plus for show peeps. I had brunch here a few months back and it was reasonably priced and decent--plus I think at the time, we were just happy to find ANYPLACE that could fit us in for brunch before a matinee. There is a dearth of decent restaurants around the Smith Center.   This is probably the main reason Mundo does so well; the dinner menu is quite expensive, the cocktails not much better than Strip prices and the food is okay at best, IMO. "Upscale Mexican." Whatever. I think the word "upscale" is just a good reason to charge more.   The chips and salsa are good and the cocktails were fine also. The guacamole was really really spicy-- to the point that two members of our party couldn't even eat it. Really? It's guacamole. It's pretty basic and tasty without you trying to all fancy it up with your extra hot peppers or whatever you put in there. It was also $9 for about a third of a cup.  I decided to splurge and ordered the filet mignon chile relleno for $26. Ordered it med rare but was told it is served med well and you don't have an option. I assumed that must mean they were pre-made or something. The presentation was nice and it had potential, but the sauce was so overly spicy that it was hard to taste anything else. The steak itself wasn't that tender or tasty.   One of my friends had the grilled calamari, which she really liked. Another had the vegetarian relleno and the other had chicken enchiladas. Both of them felt their food was too spicy as well.   Don't get me wrong; I can enjoy good spicy Mexican food. But flavor should come first, not heat factor.    We didn't have time for desert and it did take a little time to figure out the $175 check. He said he couldn't split it, which I understand and should have known better than to even ask. Word of advice: when dining with friends and planning to pay individually, bring enough cash. Having waited tables myself, I remember how difficult and timely it can be to split a check so each person can use his or her credit card, especially when they are busy. This is why they will tell you "no."  It is not to annoy you.   I doubt I'll go back. I guess I prefer my Mexican food more old fashioned and budget friendly. And if I want something more fancy, I'd choose Border Grille any day.
I ate here for my friends wedding dinner. So there was a fixed menu. The food was fine. Its basically fancy Mexican food that looks better than it tasted. There were not very many authentic flavors in the authentic dishes that were listed. Being Mexican I can be very picky about my food. However my favorite dish was the guacamole appetizer we had.  I gave this restaurant 2 stars because the waiter who was helping my table was rude and overstepped many boundaries. He made a comment about me being white (which I am not) because I was born in the United States. I retorted saying he was racist. He replied with, " You were born here so you are white." I  told him where I was born was none of his business and just because I was born here does not make me white.  This interaction was very off-putting and made me so angry at such a festive occasion.  I left this restaurant with a sour taste in my mouth and quite offended.
Some of the most incredible Latin food EVER! And a very nice surprise not to mention beautifully decorated!!!' Of course it is in the World Market Design Center~     Warmly greeted with warm tortilla chips sprinkled with cumin and a slightly spicy roasted salsa~ ordered fresh made guacamole, simply deelish!   I had the brisket red & green enchiladas... OMG, just the BEST! My husband had the Sea Bass  tacos which were also VERY GOOD!     Wonderful service I think we had 4 different service people. Can't wait to go back at night as decorations in this restaurant should be spectacular
Best Margarita I've had since Z'Tejas closed! Excellent food! Exceptional Service. Elegant ambiance. Highly recommend.
It's on the pricey end for good Mexican food but go for happy hour!  You do have to be sitting at the bar in order to get the happy hour prices.  Free chips and salsa.
Love the cool hip vibe.  We have been here a dozen times or so and every meal has been great. Not really expensive at all for what you get! Great tastes and nice portions. I always leave with a doggy bag.  They go out of their way to be nice here.  Very nice decor and food presentations. Quality!!!  Lots of people eating here who make Las Vegas a cool town, celebrity hang out without any pretense. On a one to 10 this true Mexican restaurant is a 10.
Very chic atmosphere, but the food was just okay.  Their Yelp offer was stupid - a free high five which the waiter explained was an actual high five.  Really?!  I wouldn't go back.
LOCATION: 4 Stars.  Kinda weird,  at the North-most parking / building of the World Market Design Center.  Valet Parking.. Nice, and yes as a Vegas local, I "expect" valet parking everywhere!!   SMITH CENTER DINING MADE EASY: 5 Stars, it's just across the street. ATMOSPHERE: 5 Stars-  I want to move in and live inside this place forever!  SERVICE: 4 Stars. We had a main waiter and his assistant. DRINKS: 5 Stars- First is first, we had to order a Sangria and a Margarita.  Ahhhh. My Sangria was sooo  good, I was forced to order another :0p.   PRICE, I don't remember, but they were worth whatever I paid......  When I move in I can hit the happy hour every day....  (Deciding where to put the sofa in my fantasy right now) FOOD: 4 Stars, and oh So yummy. Our dinner started with warm chips and salsa brought out to greet us. I had so many sides I wanted to try that I could not decide on an Entrée nor did I want to fill up from a main dish.  So,first we ordered fresh Guacamole that was even better than mine, probably because I didn't have to make it.   Then on to Chicken Tortilla soup with attractive presentation and taste that did not disappoint. This thick, rich soup had many different flavors blended perfectly without any one flavor being over-bearing. I had read reviews on Yelp that said "you must eat the Mexican style street corn" so we did.  All I can say is the same, "you MUST eat this corn"-with chile arbol, cotija cheese, citrus + cilantro .  MORE MUST: Mexican risotto : -with chile poblano, corn, & cilantro,  AND  Sautéed Spinach:- with charred onions + jalapeños. The soup and sharing of the sides filled us up 'just right' before heading over to the Smith Center Opera night. I will definitely keep this restaurant on my "Let's go back" list.
Best ahi I've ever had!! Classy atmosphere and great service! The food is amazing. Not too expensive for the quality either. Very impressed! It's a definite must have when in Vegas. #foodporn for sure!
I order something different every time I go. I am never disappointed, the service is great, the food is phenomenal and the prices are not horrible. I love their street corn, and the enchiladas are flavorful and spicy. I recommend making reservations when you plan on going to the Smith Center before or after because it does get busy and who wants to wait. I can't wait to go again :)
Mundo is a very good choice for pre-theater Smith Center dining.  The staff is used to accommodating Smith Center patrons, and they work to get you served and out on time.  On our most recent visit, we started with the guacamole.  It's very flavorful, and  a nice size portion for 2 or 3 people to share.  For entrees, we had the carnitas and the pork tenderloin.  Both were very good.  Portions here are healthy.  Be careful not to eat too many chips and salsa!
This place is amazing!!! Love dine in at the bar area, cocktails and food are delicious, tuna tostada is a must!!!!
I ordered the special which was a blackened ribeye which was way overcooked! I ordered medium rare and it was served medium well. Waiter never came back to check on us so I could get another one. I liked how it was blackened but way too done! The others in my party liked their dishes but I tasted theirs and they were just ok. Overpriced! I ordered the special because nothing on the menu sounded that great. chicken enchiladas were served in a bowl. (?) Sticking with Lindo or Don Juans.
This place is not traditional Mexican food at all, all their item are so Americanized. The food isn't bad but its not authentic. The prices are decent for what it is, the location is bad but at least the staff is friendly and courteous. I would go back but only if it was to go to the bar, other than that your not missing much.
The atmosphere is great and the food is alright (my dish was too spicy), but it is pretty darn pricey for the overall quality. I'd rather go to a fancier restaurant for those prices. The service was a little slow but nothing to complain about. I don't think we'll be going back because the prices don't match the food and happy hour is only for those at the bar boo!
We called to make reservations. We left a message but no one returned our call. We arrived to many empty tables and were told if we wanted to dine we could be seated at the bar. As first time customers interested to dine at this restaurant, we decided to eat at the bar. We discovered immediately the staff was not friendly, especially the deep voiced bartender. Not important if a tourist, but critical to a local who appreciates fine restaurants and has the money to spend.  We understood before we arrived that this restaurant was not a Mexican restaurant but Latin fusion food. We enjoyed our  enchiladas, but the margaritas were nothing special (too much ice and small glass for the price). Nonetheless, an above average establishment should not merely rely upon a good chef to gain repeat customers but hire friendly staff to connect with customers so they become repeat customers. As locals who appreciate fine dining, we will not return.
I don't even know where to begin with the good things I have to say about this place. Let's start with the most important thing-the food....Uh-mazing! I have ate here quiet a few times and have tried most of the of menu and I am NEVER disappointed EVER! Every single item is cooked perfectly, fresh, and loaded with flavor. Just perfection. The Sea Bass is one of my all time favorites, it comes out like a present, and boy is it a treat. The queso and street corn is unlike anything I have ever had. Just Heavenly. (My mouth is watering and my stomach is growling as I am typing this.....) the decor is a dream, everything down to the menus are sheik and beautiful! Everyone on the staff is always so helpful, friendly, and fun. Mundo really is a hidden gem.
After getting lost and nearly getting into an accident, we finally found this restaurant. We could not figure out where to park, so we parked in the outlet mall parking structure and walked over. The signage for the restaurant was poorly designed and difficult to see at night; we informed the hostess of this.  There was a singer belting out Rat Pack classics; he was really good. Service is excellent, cocktails delicious, food sublime, and décor wonderful. A perfect experience and highly recommended. Will definitely return, especially after a day of outlet shopping next door, now that we know where this wonderful restaurant is.
My husband & I have been loyal customers of Mundo since they were La Madonna off of Fort Apache. The cheese risotto is to die for!! The pollo rostisado with the tamarind glaze is another favorite.  Our absolute favorite waiter is Jose. He's very attentive even when swamped with a large group. His busboy is also very attentive.  If I could eat avant guard Mexican food every day it would definitely be Mundo.
After reading the reviews I was excited to try Mundo. It was a monumental disappointment! I took my wife on Saturday and we were waiting at the hostess stand for almost 10 minutes before anyone acknowledged us. Then, after being seated, my wife asked for a salad that had pomegranate and they said they were out of pomegranates. We tried to
I have never written a Yelp review before, but our  meal at Mundo's was so confusing and talked about for hours afterwards, so I felt I should start. We went out of our way as the vegetarian selection looked very good and I like to support non-casino restaurants.  The crooner that night was extremely loud. So loud that we simply just stopped trying to talk to each other and stared blankly for the entire meal. I can't believe that this would ever attract people to come to the restaurant, but it certainly makes me not ever want to go back. We figured the food would be excellent, but we were very wrong. The red and green enchiladas was best described as a big bowl of cheese. I ordered the pork tenderloin. For $28, I got four pieces of meat and a basket of fries. The meat was OK, but I guess I was expecting more for $28 at a non-strip restaurant. Jose the waiter was very good, so he earns the extra star.
While working at World Market Center, daily I walk by this place. I yelped it, read reviews, I had to find out for myself what this mystery place was! Overall, I am pretty happy I did.  The décor is beautiful, but after walking through all buildings at WMC, and seeing all the amazing furniture, art, and exquisite design, I would expect nothing less. They are feeding marketers, design teams, and CEO's from some of the biggest furniture stores in the world, they better have their stuff together.  I don't think they are open on weekends, and I believe there are no kids allowed. I cant confirm or deny that personally. However I have never seen minors, or staff on weekends. They truly know who their cliental is, and work on catering to their needs.  My first trip I just ordered some To-go food in between jobs.  I went with the Mexican Risotto and the Chicken taquitos.  I would order the risotto again. The rice was cooked perfectly, it was creamy, and had hints of lime, cilantro, and Mexican corn throughout.  The taquitos were your basic fresh mex rolled tacos. Nothing spectacular, but not bad.  Also, even though it was a take out order, they hooked up the chips and salsa which I appreciate.  My second trip I got off early at World Market, and had the time to dine in. They were packed with people, so I sat solo at the bar. Wonderful customer service and knowledge from the bar staff. I was contemplating between a couple dishes, and the bartender told me all his favorites, as well as their best sellers.  I went with the Mahi Mahi with jalapeno rice and a baby springs salad.  The salad was bland, and stayed on my plate. I was wishing they served more of this rice, because it came with chorizo and jalapenos and I was loving it.  The fish was cooked perfect, blackened on the outside but flaky and juicy in the center. It needed a squeeze of lemon, but that's it.  Prices are on the touristy side, but again, they cater to a specific crowd. I spent $27 before a tip for my fish and a coke.  Also, parking sucks because there isn't any. There is valet, sometimes.  Overall, the owners were smart. Not only smart, but someone has a good palate and management skills because the staff rocks.  I hope they choose to expand their hours, and maybe offer a locals discount? Totally would win me over.
Very out of the way and hard to find (walk DEEP into the parking lot), but delicious food and good drinks.  The skirt steak skewers were fantastic.
I would give this joint 5 stars if I didn't get a stomach flu after eating here. BUT, this could have completely been my fault. I enjoyed most everything I ate here.  My fiance and I shared the calamari appetizer. we tried our friends grilled calamari appetizer and I actually prefer that texture and taste better than the fried.  We then shared a diablo shrimp platter that was packed full of flavor and is definitely on the spicy tip, but not too too spicy where you can no longer taste the flavors. It was perfect and actually enough to split into 2 entrees (if you tell them you are sharing, the y will split the entree for you).  The table then shared the churros, which were really good! Warm, and with ice cream; yum!  We also shared the street corn; this was bomb.com/amazing!  The ambiance here is quite inviting. They had a live performer singing beautiful melodies that I didnt' realize was a real person until I turned around to look at him. This is a great place for date night, or a nice family dinner or dinner with close friends. It provides an intimate setting, and great food!
was about a year ago, went here for breakfast  friends stuck with basic bacon and eggs choice, so really can't judge place on that  I don't recall exactly what I had, I know it was a pork dish with a corn cake and egg, maybe a modern take on huervos rancheros?  in any case, we haven't been back, not that it wasn't good, it's just kind of out of the way of our normal travels. I am not sure if they still do breakfast either, but if I am in area, will give them a shot for lunch
The chilean sea bass is mexcellent.    Pair it with a nice tall glass of Bohemia.  Or three.  Also try: Fresh guacamole Sarape de Pollo Filet mignon chile relleno
This restaurant is great!  We went out to celebrate a wedding in the family and were pointed in the direction of Mundo.  The chips and salsa were great.  Excellent sides.  We got the corn, the spinach, and the risotto and they were all really tasty.  I ordered the Shrimp diavolo and it was amazing, spicy, but amazing.  I would recommend Mundo for any occasion and it is another example of the way that downtown Las Vegas is slowly being upgraded into the nice/ hip part of town.  Great place!
What a great find! I would never have expected to find such a great restaurant tucked inside the World Market Center! I went for dinner last week, and passed it the first time I drove by since I didn't realize where it was. And because it was at night, and most of the business at the World Market Center had ended already, the restaurant was pretty empty.  There may have been another party or two present, but I barely even noticed.  There was one server serving us all night, and he was fun, although slightly (or more than slightly) off.  That didn't make for a bad experience, but just some confusing moments.  Our table started off with chips & salsa, guac, and margaritas.  One of the women at my table wasn't drinking, so our server asked if she wanted to the bartender to make a non-alcoholic cocktail, which was sweet.  So she went with that.  Considering that it would probably have been an $8 drink, if she were charged for it, I think she would have been happier with just a soda or lemonade instead.  But there were great intentions there.  For dinner, I was considering a few different items off the menu, until the daily special was read off. BONE-IN RIBEYE. At that point, there was no question about what I was going to order.  I just had to choose my side. In fact, 3 of the 5 of us ordered the Ribeye! So for a side, I was debating between the sweet corn tamale and mexican style street corn.  I should have gone with my gut since I've wanted a sweet corn tamale since the last time I saw it on a menu about 4 years ago.  But since someone already ordered the sweet corn tamale, our server convinced me to get the mexican style street corn.  It wasn't bad, but it was richer than my palette prefers. I had a bite of the sweet corn tamale and it was exactly what would have satisfied my longing. But let's rewind to the actual entree! I'll just have to say that my medium rare prepared bone-in ribeye was perfect!  It's a larger portion than I could have finished in one sitting, but because it was perfect in so many ways, I really just wanted to sit there all night nibbling on it.  Perfectly cooked. Perfectly seasoned.  I ended up taking half back home, and even as a reheated left over, it was still DELICIOUS!   I'll be dreaming about that rib-eye for a while now....
More pleasing to the eyes then taste buds.  The $9 ice cream scoop of guacamole was very tasty and the margarita was delicious...the filet mignon chile relleno  was probably the worst thing I have ever tasted...for real, and the chiliean sea bass was okay enough ..kinda fishy though.  So beautiful surroundings and good service but expensive and unpleasant tasting food.... Sorry I really wanted to like this restaurant.  I have never written a review before....that's how bad the filet mignon chile relleno was...tasted like they poured some Tommy Rockers chile on it.
Amazing food but terrible service! Came in for a birthday party and waiter got our orders super slow and couldn't seem to separate the check. Weren't apologetic at all or friendly during service. I suggest getting your meal from the bar when you come in.
This place is so yummy and the decor is so nice! I wish they just lowered the prices a little bit:( but our sever Erick was amazing with us my husband and I and the hostess was very nice and answered all of our questions, come here for good food and awesome drinks I recommend this place! :)
Being from Arizona I've been hard pressed to find a Mexican food restaurant that holds up. Mundo is the first place I've been in Vegas (only been here for 3 years and certainly open to suggestions) that really stacks up to the authentic Sonoran Mexican food served just one state to our south.   Strong work Mundo, keep it up.   Also, the Margaritas are pretty darn tasty
You can forgive a lot when food is this tasty, and Mundo doesn't need much forgiving but it does need some. Self-identifying as "chic" for starters. I don't even know what "chic" is, but it sure doesn't enhance the restaurant's allure and actually makes it seem silly and precious. Maybe "chic" is how you get away with charging twenty four dollars for carnitas tacos and twenty six for shrimp tamales. Those are Topolobampo prices, and Mundo is very good but Mundo is no Topolobampo. It's hard to fuss when you taste the food, though, and the food was delicious from jump street. I never thought I would utter the words "best chips and salsa of all time," but there you go. They arrive at your table swiftly upon being seated, a generous plate of chips dusted with a dark chili powder of some kind. It was subtle but gave the chips a lovely warmth and depth that perfectly accompanied the complexly flavored salsa. I detected smoke, sweetness, tartness, and a just a bit of heat in the salsa--it was remarkable, a true marvel of salsa engineering. Swoon-inducing. I wanted to rise and slow-clap to a Snow Patrol song.    The idea being to share everything, we ordered the ahi tuna tostada for starters, the carnitas with a side of sauteed spinach for the entree and a side of their "risotto." Alas, they were out of carnitas! Visibly crushed and deflated, we went with the skirt steak instead. Perhaps because of my histrionics, or perhaps because my dining companion had mentioned that she wanted to say hi to her friend George, the owner, or perhaps she's just that thoughtful--our waitress came back a few minutes later saying the kitchen had *just* enough carnitas left for one taco and brought it to us gratis. And oh, such carnitas. As with the salsa, itsflavor profile is astonishing; assertive but layered. First you get smoke from a grill, then comes a combination of sweetness and a bit of kick, with a long lingering finish. The meat is succulent and perfectly balanced. Slow-clap number two for the bonus carnitas taco. At this point Mundo could have slept with my best friend and I'd still take her back.    Not much to say about the tostada, however, which was a tad one-note. The tortilla was dense and the "sushi grade" tuna was rather of the all-you-can-eat variety--heavy and even chewy. There was a nice bit of heat at the end, but it was sort of too-little too-late. Not a terrible dish, but the weakest of the meal.   The skirt steak re-confirmed what the salsa and carnitas had promised. It was grilled to a perfect medium-rare as requested, and sliced against the grain at a severe angle which shows the chef knows whats up. Most impressive of all was the rub, a crusty black bark of infinite spice. Entire worlds of dark, tragically beautiful flavor are packed into that crust. That crust is like the black obelisk in 2001: A Space Odyssey, containing all of humanity's dread and limitless potential at once. It was the single greatest taste experience of the meal. My only gripe with the steak is that they make a fuss about using "wagyu." Anyone can buy skirt steak for about seven bucks a pop and achieve the same level of juicy tenderness. Skirt steak is a heroic cut that aims to please. One doesn't need "wagyu," which promises greater levels of tenderness and fat, because skirt steak is already perfectly tender and no one could detect the marbling underneath all those enormous flavors in the rub and the chimichurri and "marinated avocados" (?). This was Mundo being chic, I fear, using the word "wagyu" as a way to charge penthouse prices for a street-level cut.   We were excited to have the "risotto" along with the steak, but some wires got crossed and it didn't come. I mentioned to our lovely server how excited I was to try the risotto and it arrived a few minutes later in what looked like a small soup bowl. At that point the meal was almost finished, and while the risotto did harmonize nicely with the steak it was just too heavy to get through. The flavors were splendid, once again, but the dish needs to be dialed way down. It's overkill; the texture is heavy and the flavors don't sing they scream. Because it was neglected, our waitress said the dish was "on her." Another nice move on her part.   The location of this restaurant, at the base of a building the size of a small planet, is an atrocity of convenience. I've lived downtown for two years and this was my first visit. And the "chic" factor can seriously grate, as certain flourishes (like "wagyu") are unnecessary and distracting, and costly. But Mundo packs some of the most exciting flavors I've come across in a good while, enough so that I'll likely suck it up and pay the inflated prices because it's a party in your mouth, people, and no one's calling the cops.
Excellent service -  attentive staff.  Sea Scallops were awesome paired with the Mundo Margarita.  I was with a party of 6 and all very happy!
Great food!
Great place for lunch dinner or large parties. Leonardo is one coolest bartenders lunch is the best to see him. Great service and very knowledgable.  Even better wine list can't even compare the prices to restaurants on the strip. The food is......well lets just say it's always good never had a bad meal there. The chicken enchilada, tuna tostada, and bone in ribeye are my favorites.
Incredible pork tender loin with mango salsa. Just amazing. Mouth watering. I'm hungry again just thinking about it. Definitely order it. The steaks are also very delicious and cooked perfectly. This place is almost impossible to find, but worth the search! You will have a great meal, strong drinks, and fabulous service. It's also very beautiful, inside, upscale, but still pretty chill and laid back. Great overall vibe. I love this place!
Perfection! Outstanding, never would I have ever imagined this ethnic food could be so sophisticated. Best restaurant I've dined in, in Las Vegas.
Beautiful restaurant, great food, and a unique quality. If I could afford to eat here everyday, and if it was closer, I would for sure!!!!
Every once in a while there's a blurp in service, but I've never gone to Mundo and not had an absolutely delicious meal.  I don't know why everyone is giving 1-2 stars without even mentioning the food.  Dollar for dollar one of the best restaurants in Vegas and it's a travesty that more people don't go here.  They really need to change locations though because there's literally 0 walk-in traffic in the off season.  The wagyu beef skewers, mexican street corn, and the pork tenderloin is pretty much my perfect meal.
Tonight my sisters and I walked into Mundo to grab a quick drink before going to a concert across the street . As we walked in the hostess' both were extremely rude and seemed annoyed with our presence . They blankly asked us whether or not we had a reservation and barely gave us time to say no we just wanted drinks, before saying we were not allowed in because the bar was "too full." While looking at the bar we noticed it was busy, but not busy enough to turn away 3 women who only wanted to grab a quick drink and did not mind standing. All of us being locals and in the hospitality industry are extremely upset with how the staff handled the situation and from now on will not consider or refer anyone to this restaurant.
I wrote this review about our visit in September 2014 and just recently posted it, I can't comment as to what changes have since been made:  Tried MUNDO  for the first time last night. We brought our 2.5 year old out for a nice family dinner, which I must admit I was nervous about after reading other guest reviews. We had no problem taking him with us, the staff were welcoming enough. There were even a couple of other families with kids of varying ages, which raised the comfort level at 8pm on a Saturday evening.   The restaurant is beautifully decorated, romantic, etc...we enjoyed the atmosphere while ordering some fresh guacamole to go with the complimentary chips and salsa and my Cadillac margarita. The margarita was delicious, the guacamole was good but nothing out of this world. The salsa was also okay by my review, my date really enjoyed the salsa, I prefer char in my salsa, so it's just a matter of difference of tastes  For dinner, I went with the vegetarian tamale and a side of wild mushrooms. My date went with the chicken enchilada with side of fries (kid friendly). I'm not a vegetarian, but this dish just sounded good for my tastes that eveining and also think if a restaurant can serve up a really tasty vegetarian dish, they can pack some flavor. I didn't notice a kids menu, so we decided to share our dishes and our son liked the chicken enchilada, the fries were a big hit, and I even got some of my veggies in , which meant we would be ordering a dessert (we usually skip dessert) 8)  I really enjoyed the tamale, everything was flavorful and spicy, but not overly spiced. Good sauce, vegetables were cooked properly and the filling was a good level of sweetness to balance. Also, with the chips, guacamole, sides, etc, there's no way I could eat the whole thing, so most went home for lunch the next day, bonus! And, like I mentioned, even got the 2.5 year old to try a few bites. Wild mushrooms were satisfying. I tried a bite of the enchilada and though the chicken was maybe on the dryer side, the favors were very good and my partner finished it all with the help of out son. The fries are a mix of potatoes and sweet potatoes-  they didn't stand a chance against our son, he loved those! We tried them, they were yummy.  Last part of the evening were the churros. They come with a chocolate dipping sauce. I wasn't blown away, but they were a good sweet ending.  We will go again, probably just the 2 of us for date night next time.
Mundo is a  nicely decorated space, modern and chic. The lights are dimmed for dinner which highlights the beautiful ceiling lamps and wall art. We were a party of 2 with reservations. We were seated immediately at a table that seats 4. The larger table is always appreciated.  Complementary chips and salsa arrived immediately. We were ready to order cocktails but no waiter approached our table. After several minutes I asked the hostess if we had a waiter. I was told the wait staff was backed up and a bus boy offered to take our drink order. A few minutes later our waiter arrived to take our order. I advised him the order was placed and he offered to follow up. The waiter was friendly and helpful. The Mundo Margarita's were excellent.  Once the food order was placed the waiter checked on us periodically. It was a very long wait for the food to come out. Our waiter said the wait was because the pork chop was ordered well done. The pork chop was huge, enough for two and prepared as ordered. The Shrimp Diablo was spicy as described in the menu and delicious. The shrimps were served over a mix of rice and corn, very tasty. The restaurant was not full but the bar packed. The bar and restaurant share the same large space. With the bar being packed the noise level was high. The main contributor was 3 people that were overly loud.   Since the Smith center had several events this evening I believe the restaurant should have staffed the room and kitchen accordingly. Improved service would add an additional star to my rating.
The food is amazing and the atmosphere is relaxed and refined. The shrimp tamale and scallops are really good but you can't go wrong with most things on the menu.
First time here and I came during happy hour after shopping at world market. The food is upscale Mexican with a very hip and pretty atmosphere.  The happy hour menu is great plus a free margarita from a yelp check in is nice. By the way their classic margarita is reeeeeally good.  I'm picky about my margaritas but their house made mix is balanced very well and makes you want another.   Food.   My boyfriend and I ordered the steak skewers with chimichurri sauce and it came with an avocado salsa and a salad that was deliciously peppery with the steak and had green apples in it. The steak was very tender. I recommend this dish it's all around packed with flavor.  We also had the chicken taquitos. Very good. The sashimi grade ahi tostada with fresh herbs. Amazing! Cut up in wedges, great for sharing.  Great happy hour! I can't wait to try the dinner menu! I will be back :)
The best aspect of Mundo is that it is inexpensive. You never need to leave a gratuity because the service is always terrible.   The food is delicious, fresh, and well prepared. However, after the server takes your order you won't see them again until you ask the busser for the check. Then, the server drops it in front of you and doesn't say a word.   I would like to say that this is a one-time occurrence, however, after three visits, we cannot be wrong.   I wish they had take-out.
We went to the Saturday matinee of "The Tempest" today at the Smith Center with some friends, who suggested Mundo for an early dinner.  Good thing we were early, since we didn't have reservations, and they were able to accommodate the five of us.    This is the go-to restaurant for one of the friends, an interior designer, but it was a first time for Herb G. and me.  And I was blown away.  I enjoyed my Alien Margarita while looking at the menu, a Yelp check-in freebie, and munched on good chips and our two orders of tasty, but bland guacamole.  We all ordered something different, and I settled on the Pork Tenderloin, which had a tamarind ancho chile glaze, and was one of the few items that came with a side.  I got the Street Corn.  The pork was a beautiful presentation - four small but thick rounds of meat that were cooked to perfection.  I think it's the best pork tenderloin I've ever had, stupendously succulent and delicious. The street corn was a surprise:  I was expecting a roasted corn on the cob;  happily, the chef did the dirty work and I enjoyed a large serving of corn mixed with chile de arbol and cotija cheese that had a citrus-y tang.  Very rich. I shared it with Herb and still have half a portion to enjoy tomorrow, along with half of my pork dish.  Herb's Filet Mignon Chile Relleno was also delicious  Service was excellent, and I loved the modern ambience enhanced with lighting that was traditionally Mexican.  While this upscale restaurant is a little higher-end than the kind of joints we usually go to, I look forward to our next visit.
A local friend took us to Mundo and I will now absolutely return when ever I'm in Las Vegas.  It was wonderful.  I'm surprised it has limited hours, weekdays only.   I agree that the margaritas are really good.  All three dishes ordered by our party were excellent.
I love Mexican food and I love Mundo! They take this south-of-the-border cuisine to a whole-nutha-level with their upscale twist.  Once you enter and take in the decadent decor you know you've arrived somewhere special.  I usually opt to sit at the bar so I can have personal time with the mixologists, because my friends call me "special" when I order my favorite libation and not in the good way...you know who you are.  I just like custom tequila concoctions and I'm never disappointed here. The list of their specialty drinks is awesome and it you're a true tequila drinker over time, like many visits, you should try them all. All made with premium tequilas and fresh fruit juices.  Mundo also owns their very own brand, Alien Tequila.  I think two of the best times to go is during happy hour or before your show at the Smith Center.  An absolute favorite menu item is the Ahi Tuna tar tar on a crispy tostada, drizzled with an outer worldly chili oil.  Excellent!   A must have is for those that like it hot is the camorones diablo as it brings the heat and so much flavor!  And, can't forget the scallops as they are seasoned then seared to perfection every time placed atop of cilantro rice.  A great happy hour item to try is the vegetable quesadilla, packed full of seasoned sauteed vegetables and gooey cheese, yum.  Great place to meet and greet as the location is adjacent to the World Market Center which always has something going on.
Everything about this place is amazing!! Go and experience the place, food, people and drinks!!
This place is amazing!! Went there last week for first time and I was very impressed because Mexican food is not a fave.  The decor is very modern classic and location is great. Pricey but food was delicious, love the signature Mundo drink and you have to try the corn!!  Thanks Mingo!!
Food is amazing! I eat here often but why the hell do they close at 9pm on a Saturday night..that's usually rush hour at most restaurants..a little over a year ago i tried to bring my best friend here for dinner the night before he had to leave for his deployment to Afghanistan with the Army..we showed up over an hour before closing (at7 and closed at 8) and the hostess said they were closed..kinda pissed me off after how many friends I've told to come here..we were about to go tonight but didn't realize they closed that early. I'll definitely still come back ..but if u decide to eat here jus make sure u show up early if u want a guaranteed dinner there but what do you expect with a location like that..I imagine their main concern is to cater to the guests if World Market Center
Everything at this restaurant is absolutely PERFECT! Eating here is a must every time we come to Las Vegas. We've had the chile relleno, fillet mignon, tamal, enchiladas, salads, churros, and drinks. The staff is really friendly and we just LOVE the live music that really sets the mood for a nice romantic dinner. This is a must try restaurant!
Mundo is a nice restaurant with good food and a good vibe. Last night my husband and I had the queso flameado first. It was yummy; he ate his with soft tortillas and I decided to dip the chips in the cheesy goodness instead. I ordered the shrimp diablo. The plate was bigger than I thought, but tasty. Last, we had to get a side of the Mexican street corn, which did not disappoint.
Terrible,  we called to make a reservation and were put on hold after waiting for 5 minutes we hung up and called back.  This time we went to the voicemail which directed us to leave our name and number for  a reservation,  which we did. We left name (spelled out and number) as well as the time we wanted. We never received a call back but shouted for
Went to Mundo for lunch on a weekday. Very busy, a lot of business people and elected officials and other dignitaries were there. Seems like a local hotspot being near the county offices.  We ordered the Chilean Seabass tacos, and the skirt steak salad.  Both were delicious, well cooked, and perfectly seasoned.  Service was prompt, our waiter was knowledgeable, and the price was great.
Just ate here tonight.  Had the guacamole - decent.....crispy calamari - very good........chicken with a sweet chile sauce - very good. Wife had the filt mignon chile relleno - good, but the sauce seemed to be somewhat bland.  Finished with the flan which is among the best we have ever had.  Overall good, however a bit pricey, so expect to spend about $50+ (includes tip) per person.
I've been to Mundo twice now, and highly recommend it.  It is a bit pricey, but well worth it.  The service this time was not great, but the food was fantastic.  I had the sea bass, which was amazing.  It came with vegetables and was quite spicy, which I like.  When it arrived it was still wrapped in the paper pouch in which it was cooked, so that was a bit of a mess.  I get it...  It keeps it warm and tastes very fresh when you open it yourself.  But then I had this big piece of soggy parchment on my plate.  I had to ask a waiter to take it away.  Otherwise, the flavor and texture were superb.  Despite the messiness, it's a dish well worth ordering.
This review is not for the food.  We recently stopped in for drinks at the bar. It was our first visit to this restaurant. While seated at the bar, the manager or owner (not sure which) decided to discipline an employee in front of all of the customers seated at the bar.  In all my years, I have NEVER witnessed someone talk to another human being the way that man talked to his employee. I wanted to cry. It was terrible and I knew right then and there that we had to leave the restaurant. I seriously had nightmares about this place after I left.    Never again.
This is a GO TO if you're looking for a happy hour spot to get down on some quality, super tasty grub and wash it down with some actual affordable brews! There are a grip of beers for $3 and even more options at $4. We had five or six different appetizers that were offered on the HH menu and were not let down by a single one. The ambient mood that is there is so nice and easing. You really feel like you can relax there. The music is the perfect volume and they play some really nice tranquil tunes. The decorations are very nice and the lighting is nice and dim too. Not too low like a drug den but just low enough so you can see everyone and everything but don't feel like you're in a cafeteria or operating room.
Upon arrival we were greeted by a very friendly hostess and told we would be sat right away. As we were waiting another couple came in and asked if there was availability for 2 people. It was 5:45pm on Thursday June 19th. The hostess told them without a reservation, there was nothing she could do. Having spent 20+ years in the restaurant business, I could not believe my ears. First of all, there were 4 open tables (at least) and spots at the bar that she could have directed them towards or at the very least explained that the tables that were open were being held for other reservations, but that they were welcome to wait to see if the parties showed up. Instead they were just told no, and turned away. As an owner, I would have fired my manager at the very least over something like this, but as I have come to learn through speaking with prominent government officials and judges that know the owner personally and have frequented this restaurant in the past, he simply does not care how inept his staff is or how his restaurant is run. In addition I should expect him to reply to this complaint on YELP by him denying this ever happened or finding excuses for it as opposed to apologizing for a horrible experience.   Now, you may be asking yourself, how could this be? This restaurant survives because of its location and the lack of this type of cuisine in the immediate area. It is supported during the day by The World Market Center and at night by The Smith Center and unassuming tourists that do not know any better.   Onto my meal. After being sat for nearly 10 minutes, we were finally approached by our server (that barely spoke English) and asked if we would like a drink. After our drinks were delivered and our order was finally taken, this would be the last time we would be visited by our server until our plates were cleared by the busboy and our server dropped the check without asking if we would like desert or anything else for that matter. We sat there for a minute dumbfounded by our experience and since we had another 15 minutes to kill before needing to leave to see our show, we asked the busboy for another drink.   I could literally write 10 pages on all the things wrong with the service in this restaurant but you should have a general feel for what to expect when dining in this establishment.   As we were leaving the restaurant, I stopped at the hostess desk to ask if there was a manager on duty and was informed that it was actually one of the servers acting as the manager and he was in back, busy at the moment. This was extremely fitting and explained at least in part why this restaurant is run so poorly. Obviously the owner is more concerned with operating expenses like having enough servers on the floor to handle the number of tables in the restaurant and paying for a manager on duty to handle customer problems like the ones I have explained here.  I will spread the word through my social media pages to avoid this place at all costs.
I have to agree with others that while the food is fantastic, the service is horrible.  We made a 5:45 reservations last Saturday before a 7:30 show at the Smith Center.  When we arrived we saw a table that was likely ours (party of 6) that looked ready yet we weren't seated for another 15 minutes.  It then took about 20 minutes for anyone to acknowledge us.  It was very busy, which we understood, but we also made it very clear that we were going to a show at the Smith Center and needed to get served and be out by 7.  I even explained this when making the reservation and I was assured that a 5:45 reservation would "leave plenty of time" to eat and get to the show.  Maybe they should consider increasing their staff to serve before Smith Center events since they are the closest restaurant to the venue.  We understand they are busy before shows  but they have to know that anyone who dines at 5:30 pm on a Saturday probably has plans to head to a show and they should do everything in their power to get them served in a timely fashion.  By 7:15 the place was completely cleared out, leaving only our table in the entire restaurant.  We basically had to tackle the lady to get our check and get over there and in the end we made it with just minutes to spare.  Also, just an FYI and something that I didn't see mentioned here--they offer a free Alien Margarita with a Yelp check in, but they only allow one per table.  We had three couples and it was only after we checked in that they mentioned that.  No biggie, coupons usually say that they only allow one per table and we were getting wine anyway, but I figured I'd mention it since I don't see it mentioned anywhere else.
Great atmosphere, decor and service. Fantastic sea bass and wagyu skirt steak, both cooked perfectly.
While the food is outstanding, the service needs some serious work!  After taking our orders and receiving our drinks we did not see our waitress until my wife flagged her down (at least 30 minutes later).  We probably would have ordered more drinks, dessert and coffee, but our waitress was covering too many tables and seemed to forget about us!  At a minimum the wait staff should check on you after receiving apps, mains, and offer dessert or coffee.  We did not even receive the basic level of service expected at a restaurant that pretends to be upscale.  Mundo - please train your wait staff to meet the level of excellence coming from your kitchen, your chef deserves better!
Went last night with some friends and had an amazing time.  Wait staff was helpful and very friendly.  Three ordered the sea bass and said it was amazing.  The scallops were divine!  However, the Mexican street corn (off the cob) was the best I've ever had, UNBELIEVABLE!!  Can't wait to visit again!
The décor is great.... very chic and inviting! The food is outstanding, but the service needs serious improvement!   I was meeting a few girlfriends for dinner, and two of us had arrived a lil early so we were waiting at the bar until our table was ready, it took 15 minutes for a bartender to even speak to us, and they have a tiny bar area that was not full. From what I could see.... they appeared to have a good happy hour menu, although we didn't get to sample any of it since the bartender took too long to acknowledge us.  We were then seated, and the bad service continued, not very attentive at all.  For food...my friend and I each ordered an entrée item so that we could share, we tried the filet mignon and the diablo shrimp. The flavors were great!   This restaurant has so much potential, but the service needs some help to succeed!
I wanted to go to this place a few times before i wrote a review because i think consistency is important in a restaurant and i can say with 100% certainty that this place is AMAZING...i have tried a good majority of the menu by now and i have yet to find ANYTHING that i didn't enjoy.  Some of my favorites are:  The Crab Father, The Capturing Chicken Salad, The Pandora Pasta Bowl, The Bonfire Salmon...and a few others... Besides the amazing food-the atmosphere is great!  they have something for every mood-outdoor patio right on the street corner which is great for people watching, an elegant dining room, posh VIP lounge w bottle service, "the hallway" for wine sippers and the always fun energy bar with some of the best Martini's in town...My Personal Fav's are the Seven inch Heels, the Primavera and the Flashback.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who enjoys wonderful food and great atmosphere.
The food was surprisingly good here.  I say surprising because of the ambiance/atmosphere/service we encountered.  Ever go to a place and just feel uncomfortable?  First, there were 6 to 8 employees huddled in and around the small bar area.  Because there were few customers, they spent their time loudly discussing what they did the night before, what they were planning for that night, that one time in Vegas when they got into a VIP room, etc.   Folks walking by on the street are not going to come into your empy bar if the staff is all huddled in a circle talking.  Sorry.  It was almost comic watching one of the waiters sit at the bar and send text messages while the two hostesses took turns bringing him orders from his tables, debit cards from his tables, telling him he had new tables, etc..  Everytime he got up there was a look of annoyance on his face like his 6 customers were taking up too much of his time.  And why is the staff allowed to sit at the bar on shift???  Is it a break room or a bar?  I'm pretty sure the other group of people at the bar were friends of the bartenders and waitstaff.  They got a lot of attention, the staff even sat down next to them to talk.  If you want to focus your business on the bartenders' friends, and not the "outsiders" at your bar, you are going to have a tough time making your mortgage payments.  I'm guessing 3 months until there is some more available retail space in SoSco.  I give two stars because as I said, the food was surprisingly good, and one of the six barstaffers was a friendly guy.  Maybe he was the only one with restaurant experience, because he was doing ALL the work.   Good luck Urban 7, I won't be back.
Martinis, martinis, martinis.  Sure, they take awhile to get to the table, but that's because they are masterfully crafted behind the bar. Without the three m's (muddling, measuring and mixing), the lip licking liquid bevis that made their way from the bottle to our mouths wouldn't have had us all playing musical martinis. So many fresh flavors and chilled deliciousness.  Love the pictures on the wall..very poetic and romantic.  The food was wonderful, but the martinis were the highlight of the evening. Slurp!
I would have to agree 100% with previous rvw from Brian: I don't see this lasting into the summer.  For some reason, yesterday there was another rvw with a 1star, which is now missing????  anyhow, We also saw many of the staff standing around together and chatting.  We found the whole vibe to emit very strange & weird "somethings-just-not-right" kinda thing,  and just overall we too were uncomfortable - no Zen aspect whatsoever.  It didn't help matters at all that our bartender did not have on his hospitality hat.  I found him condescending & arrogant, not friendly and frankly fairly rude.    There is an extensive martini list, which, with all the advertising I had heard & read about, seemed to have been a draw for me to check it out.  They all use different ingredients & tend to lean towards sweet (grenadine, curacao, ect.  BLECK).  OK, so that is just my opinion, I know (I like em crisp n clean).  So I was interested  in the new vodka names which were unfamiliar to me.    1 drink had lychee in it, so I inquired, "was that a lychee infused vodka?"   (many of their martinis do not indicate the base: vodka, tequila, gin??).    The reply was a taunt "Lychee is a Chinese fruit".    "Um, ok, yes I know what it is, I eat them all the time, they have a red shell and white inside.  My question was, is that the vodka?"    Another terse reply, "well, I infuse it myself, it's a spirit.".    OK, this is not going well.    So I ask about another concoction, I think it was made with Primavera Vanilla? (Or  brand which began with "P")    So I asked "was that a vodka?"    Once again he basically avoided answering by saying something irritating like, well there's 4 different flavors, or you can get it plain.  I'm like ? ! ? ! ? ! ?     I was nowhere nearer to being educated on their very confusing ingredients.    I thought the way to get around it was to ask for vodka straight up.  I saw they had Effen Black Cherry (totally awesome infused vodka, btw).  That's pretty simple, correct me if im wrong?  But he stands there, with an idiot face, and i felt the vibe of he wanted to argue with me and couldn't believe he has to lower himself to do this task?  Now, again, I'll point out, this was a very simple task:  grab the vodka bottle,  pour it into a shaker with lots of ice,  shake it,  pour it,  serve it.   This couldn't possibly go wrong, right?   Guess what?   It arrives and I sip it - well for some unknown reason he took it upon himself to add water, yes, water it down!  Nice!!  This is really irritating me, because not only was mine watered down, (who does that?!) so was hubby's  tini with way too much soda.  Yes the description indicated a splash of soda, but I would guess it was 50% of the 4oz pour - unacceptable.  I should also point out that I too saw the bartender & servers chat incessantly with, what appeared to be the manager - but this "employee", of some sort, was initially drinking beer at the bar, but would get up and go behind the bar to help himself to items.  WTH?  Either you are working or you are not.  Pick which one and stick to it.  He made no secret that he was associated with the establishment, as he engaged another table in discussion as to the up-coming specials and  hours and menu changes.  In closing, I have to say this is in a great location, and I was really looking forward to visiting - I had such high hopes!  The hype they put out there on emails, twitter, texts, ect. made them sound fabby. It's unfortunate that such little details all gathered up to me as a complete strike-out & not a fun night out.    Thank goodness for dependable ROKA AKOR, which we promptly parked ourselves at, and as usual we were treated with the upmost high standards, excellent drinks, fantastic service, and amazing food.  They have happy hour all night there, if you don't already know!  Rawk on!
A group of us went here last night, let me say I was less than impressed. It took forever to get drinks first of all. While I realize that martinis do take longer, the majority of the people at our table just had standard mixed drinks of beer. After we ordered our meals, it took probably about an hour for our food to come out, and mind you the place was about 50% full if I'm being generous.  The thing that made it even more irritating was the open kitchen, where we saw our plates of food sitting out on the counter for a minimum of fifteen minutes before being brought out. I assume it's because they wanted all of our meals in a party of 9 to come out at once. Well, by the time my husbands plate actually made it to our table everything was completely cold, he ended up sending it back actually. I ordered the bruschetta--great concept but not executed well at all, the bread was completely soft and turned into mush. The toppings were okay, certainly didn't wow me. Another friend ordered the same dish, which by the way isn't cooked yet she was the absolute last one at our table to receive her food, a good twenty minutes after everyone else.   Anyways like some other people had mentioned, the vibe is just a bit 'off' and we couldn't' put our finger on it. My friend said it was like everyone was "playing restaurant" --didn't really know how to handle the various parties and certainly didn't care to be efficient or accommodating by any means. It seemed like people were just sitting around doing nothing... and by the way, if you're going to be that inefficient as a kitchen maybe you don't make it a demonstration kitchen so people can't see all of their meals sitting up on a counter for 15 minutes!  It just didn't seem like anyone working there really cared or were on the same page. We saw a lot of exchanges and looks going back and forth between the waitstaff and the kitchen.  I don't see this place staying alive through the summer either.
Attended the @SpaFitFinder launch party, with @spacephx.  I can't say much about the place, other than, even taking into consideration the number of people present, it felt cramped.  The TrimTini (?) I had was really delicious; vodkatini with lemon zest.  A very nice gentleman, who works at Urban 7, was very gracious in making sure to stop by every time he brought out a new platter of hors d'oeuvres. Everything he brought was delicious, including the ceviche, which I'm not particularly fond of.  Urban 7 isn't the type of place I'm attracted to, so it's not likely I will return any time soon.  But it was a nice event, and I enjoyed myself.
Attended SpaFitFinder.com's launch/AZ's Finest Honoree benefitting the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation tonight.  The event itself seemed successful (the bar was packed, the service was s-l-o-w, but understandable); however, no one from SpaFitFinder came around to introduce himself/herself and to elaborate on the site's services.  Indeed, the server who handled V's and my drinks all night (a $10 per person netted donatee drink coupons for a mojito- d'lish!- and a beer/wine, and a sweet goody bag*) wore a SpaFitFinder shirt, but did not offer up any info on its services, neither.  While I wouldn't ever go back to the bar (TOO NOISY- I NEVER like to SHOUT at the person sitting next to me to be heard), or order the $11 turkey club again [this was a basic deli sandwich made w/ turkey, cranberry chutney mayo, smoked bacon (mmm... bacon!), avocado slices, and alfalfa sprouts on toasted Hawaiian bread, but it's nothing to write home about); had V and I gone to FEZ w/ the $11, we would've been in heaven munching on a delicious burger and some perfect sweet potato fries!), but I may give Urban 7 Martini Kitchen a second chance to redeem itself on the food a foodie coworker of mine RAVED about.  I can say the martinis I had were good.  Loved the mojito and the Inhibition -something (vodka, peach schnapps, and cranberry juice, minus the cranberry juice, and instead, club soda and sour).  Didn't care for the house pinot grigio.  I will say that the jalapeno and olive tapenade bruschetta and the grilled marinated skirt steak skewer were tasty... (FYI, the noise level was a lot lower at the resto, but the band, while they played pleasing music, did get loud at the end.  Also, the service was quicker.  Appreciated the fact that our server was honest in telling me that he hadn't tried the dessert I'd asked him about.  Other less-conscientious servers would've gushed about how it was their fave item off the menu to make the sale.  Kudos to Anthony!)  *Among the goody bag offerings were an 8 oz. Philosophy foaming bath and shower cream (easily $8 retail), trial-size facial products, a wine stopper/pourer, a 20% off food/drink at Urban 7, and a $20 off coupon for Yelper John H.'s massage services!  Nice :)
I love the venue! Large spacious walking and the windows make it feel like it's some beach resort - minus the beach :(  Okay, Happy Hour really - more like Sad Hour!  I really really want this place succeed, but I'm not sure how or who is drumming up business here selling it.  Oh I know someone that can do that for me them and he lives right down the the street :-D  Aside from the Sad Hour being dead, the drink specials really has to wow me...I was not wowed needless to say.  Appetizers were decent, I must say I love their skirt steak skewers.  Guess if you need a quiet place to chat and drinks this is the place.  I know Friday nights they have Flamenco dancing show with my friend and that would probably would be the only reason why I would return.
Urban 7 I really want to like you but I cant. Went there for a mid week happy hour. The crowd was non-existent the service was good but awkward. May give it one more shot to redeem but for now 2 stars.
What an amazing hidden gem in old town!  A girl friend and I decided to try this place out  on Saturday night before hitting the bars.  We were on the later side (maybe 9:30ish), but I was very surprised how dead this place was.  Especially after we loved it!    Very cool, very chick atmosphere, classy decor, I loved the pictures on the walls.  Great prices on good wine (I think our bottle was $30). The most amazing Prawn and Artichoke Orzo pasta ever.  Seriously.  Yummy.  And the most adorable, most attentive service ever.    We love you Urban Seven, we'll be back!
If I were a gambling man, I'd say no way this place stays in business.  We were there with a large group on a Wednesday night.  We were literally the ONLY ones eating in the restaurant.  Never a good sign.  That's like the one night  my goldfish was swimming sideways and I knew in the morning he would be dead.  That's how I felt about Urban Seven's lack of patrons.  There were 14-15 of us.  The server never took my order.   (Honestly, I didn't notice until everyone else had their food.  Hard to blame him for this in a large, boisterous group but no way this happens in a better establishment)  They did take an order from me and comp my meal -- a nice gesture.  One of our friends got their credit cards charged twice.  I mention this because another Yelper has said the same thing.  Either something shady is going on or their staff doesn't know how to use the credit machine.  I compare what I had to above average wedding food.  Nothing memorable but certainly nothing offensive.  Just food.  Two stars for half-priced bottles of wine on a Wednesday.
Great place for happy hour.  They were very accomodating for our group of six (pushed tables together, etc.).  Very attentive service, amazing drinks (carmello martini is to die for), and great food.
So we were atr this place last night for a friends birthday party, Here is the deal food was good at a reasonable price but too bad I didnt get to have my own food seeing as like other reviewers have said the service sucked. We were a party of 20 there was another table of 4 and one of 2 and like 4 to 5 servers on our side that you could never get anyones attention. So we all ordered food came out well everyone but mine, so i ask waiter number one he tells me to ask waiter number two. Who when i ask him he disappears and doesnt come back. Waiter number one comes back only for me to tell him again my food wasnt out at this point my friends are all half done he goes comes back and tells me my order was never entered they didnt even know what i wanted. My friends had leftovers we were like forget it they brought a pizza out anyways for me and told me it was taken off the bill. We had to constantly ask for drinks to be refilled, OH and dont forget the fact that we were told the tab cant be split and we can only use one credit card so feel free to walk out to the ATM and get cash WTF!!!!! We specifically went for the live band that was going to start at 9 and didnt get on til 11. We had fun because our group will make the best of anything but this place was disappointing because when we walked in we were so impressed by the look and it all went down hill from there. NO i wont be returning.
Went here on a Friday night, because it was walking distance to the Comedy Spot.   Very uncomfortable to walk in! Friday night at 7:00 and there was 1 couple sitting on the restaurant side.  We had a group of 6. Server didn't take long, but lacked personality.  Thought he would have spent a little more time with us (because he wasn't doing anything else...) but he was short and to the point.   Went with his martini recommendation, and it was ok.  Little sweet for me, but it was as advertised.   Food came out, fair amount of time and everything was correct.    Nothing blew me away, but was fair.   Overall, average service, average food, average price.
I was in town visiting my daughter and she suggested we have a drink after dinner, we ended up at Urban Seven. The place was empty at 8:30 on a Tuesday and we sat at the bar, I ordered a Makers on the rocks and we were quickly served, when I tasted my drink I realized he had poured me a Jack Daniels, I enjoy Jack so I drank it and ordered another but this time I watched what he poured and to my disgust he poured a well whiskey, I guess he assumed that I was as stupid as he was. I tasted the drink and politely asked it  the manager was in, he brought the manager over and after explaining what had happened he told me that they don't even carry Makers Mark, the bartender explained that he poured Jack and was only going to charge me for a Jack, but he could not explain why he poured well whiskey, he was immediately mad at me, apparently for not being as stupid as him. My drinks were comped but I look at this as a betrayal of trust. Hopefully all of you out there will not go to this business and they will close and hopefully an honest business will take their place.
Martinis are well worth the $9!
Went to Urban 7 with my sister at 7:00 on a Friday night.  The place was dead.  There were only 2-3 other tables, yet our service was still very bad.  The waiter was 18 years old at best, and I think this was his first server job.  He was the only waiter in the entire place.  Nice kid...but it was just really awkward service.  I don't blame him, but you would think a place with the high end decor would have experienced servers.  He should have been working at Coco's or Village Inn.    The food is overpriced and mediocre at best.  Everything about this place is weird.  If I didn't have the $25 resturant.com gift card (that I paid $2 for), I would have felt really cheated and ripped off.  The food came out relatively fast, but we had to wait quite a while to place our order.  Oh, they brought out our appetizer with our entrees...no explanation...just acted like that was normal.    Honestly, I would be shocked if this place makes it another 6 months.  It has a very strange vibe.
Very good restaurant that I'd definitely go back to. Food - I had the Mambo Cubano with sweet potato fries.  both were very tasty.  I was originally going to try one of the flatbreads, but the oven wasn't working.  My friend had the same thing and we didn't get appetizers or desserts, so I can't comment in detail about any of their menu offerings. Service - we were there at 7 PM on a Saturday and the place was empty.  I think our server was the host... she was a little lost but she made every effort so any imperfections in the service are forgivable.  I see in other reviews experiences with poor service... it may be a timing issue.  Other servers checked in on us as well and were very friendly. Atmosphere - I liked the decor and ambiance, but was really surprised to see it so empty at 7 on a Friday.  it was filling in as we were leaving.  I liked that the bar and restaurant are separated by a hallway - it gave us the ability to enjoy a quiet dinner separate from the bar. Prices were cheap to me, but that's from the perspective of a San Franciscan who is used to restaurants being outrageously priced. I would definitely come back here again with a group for burgers, flatbreads, etc.
It was during a very slow time during lunch and service was painfully slow. When my food arrived it was overcooked. Don't waste your time here.
Friendly service, excellent food, inviting atmosphere, what more could you want!   Patio is exceptional this time of year, one of the best in old town.
Horrible happy hour martinis - unless you like pure sugar syrup. Food is not much better. Would not recommend it.
I have been to this place a few times to go dancing on Saturday nights. It is not very big and never very busy but I always have a good time and good service.  I have only been in the bar section and back patio.
Come on Yelpers, go easy on Urban 7!  Sure, it's not always crowded but that's because there's plenty of room to spread out.  It's in a great location and it has laid back yet chic ambiance.  It's split into 4 areas:  There's a patio with seating in the front, the main dining area on the left, on the right is the main bar and at the rear is a smaller bar with it's own lounge.  The patio is fun since there is plenty of people watching to do and it's spacious.  The rear lounge is a great place to host a party, I've attended several there in the past.     Martini's are their specialty in terms of drinks, and the word Martini in the restaurant name does lend premise to that argument.  That and they serve expertly made Martini's.  My wife and I ate here last week, I had a dry Martini.  She couldn't drink so the bartender whipped up some muddled concoction that she loved.  They recently revamped the menu to make it more Latin centric with Cuban leanings.  Ropa Vieja is a classic and the Mar y Tierra delivers a one two punch of grilled ribeye and shrimp tempura.  It also comes with fried plantains which I thought was the perfect Cuban touch.  It deserves a shot, and maybe even a second one, to check out the cuban cuisine, the patio scene, and a well made Martini.
Not sure why this listing says closed as I was just there for cocktails on Friday for happy hour.  Great happy hour prices, cool place, good service - but it was frustrating that they say they open at 4pm, but they aren't really ready for customers at that time.
I hate giving places such low reviews, but this place deserves it.    I went here on a Friday night around 7 and my party was the only table in the restaurant.  To be fair, there were several people in the bar area, but still, this is also a restaurant.  Anyway, I had high hopes for this place.  When you walk in the decor is very nice, and has an inviting, contemporary feel.  The wait staff is also very friendly and almost immediately brought out some of their plantains and dipping sauce.  This was a great start, but that basically ended when I bit into the plantain.  They were pretty much flavorless and really lacked the correct consistency.    We then started with a couple of martinis.  This was something that they are known for.  They were decent, but I think it is really hit or miss with their drinks.  I have had way better, for way cheaper.  I ordered the Threesome, which was not very good. I wouldn't recommend this drink, even though it is highly recommended by the bartenders and waitstaff.  I tasted 2 others, both of which were not outstanding at $9.  For that price, I expect better quality.  Moving on to the main dish.  To be fair, I didn't order the latin flavored cuisine, but I really wasn't feeling it after tasting the plantains.  I ordered a the green chili burger.  Where to start with this one.  I ordered it medium-well, and the burger basically came out burnt.  On top of that, I tasted no green chilis, and the bun was basically a something I could go down to the super market to get.  Maybe the latin food is better, but I will let other people find that out.  Also, they messed up my friend's order, however, we were so hungry we didn't want to send it back or mention it.  The fries were very good.  I really enjoyed the sweet potato fries and that is the only thing I enjoyed while eating here.    I wouldn't recommend eating at this restaurant.  There is much better in Scottsdale.   They do have a decent happy hour though, which may be the only reason I would ever return.
Urban Seven was a let down after looking forward to giving it a try for weeks. The first clue was when we told the host (who was also our bartender and server) that we had a reservation. He handed us menus and told us to sit wherever we wanted. With only one other table occupied, we had the pick of the restaurant to sit. Did I mention this was at 7:30 on a Saturday night? Bad sign so far! Like the other reviews, food was decent, but not great. My dish was both overcooked (chicken) and undercooked (veges). One person out of three in our party enjoyed their food completely.  Service was terrible for being so slow, but I guess if there is one person to do everything, that's to be expected. Overall, I was very disappointed and won't go back!
I think this place might have closed I went by there a few weeks ago on a sat. night around 12pm and it was dark and all closed up.
Typical Scottsdale Service.  Let's just leave it at that service wise.  Anyone who has ever been to a Scottsdale bar/restaurant knows what I'm talking about.  Too many employees distracting each other to pay attention to the 2 people in their restaurant.  The service was withdrawn and mediocre.  The food was delicious.  It's been a while so I can not really remember what I ordered, but I do know it contained some kind of seafood and beef, a surf and turf or something.  We went on a Living Social deal so we had $50 to play with and we had no problem spending it.  My girlfriend had a rice and chicken dish which was delicious.  Totally stole some from her.  The food was excellent, and only overshadowed by the martinis and other adult beverages.  I had the mojito.... So good.  Girlfriend had a chocolate martini and another fruity martini which I have to admit were really good.  It's a shame to see them so empty as I think it would be a lot more fun to dine at with other patrons.
I didn't come here to party, I came here to eat and my taste buds thanked me for it.  It's true what Michael V said about the employees distracting each other. But I don't expect good service in Old Town Scottsdale and if you're smart you wouldn't either. It was sometimes hard to flag attention for a drink or even get an entree out with everyone else's food or within 15 minutes of everyone else's food. For some reason I'm looking past it.  This food was really good. Maybe because I hadn't eaten carbs like this in a long time they went into shock, but I thought my meal was top-notch. We started with the empanadas. It was like Mexican pierogies. Little deep-fried pastries filled with beef and mashed potatoes made cheating on my healthy eating feel so damn good. I got the Santa Fe fettuccine alfredo with chicken and couldn't stop myself from eating it. It included my two favorite green things to eat, broccoli and green chiles, along with chicken and a delicious sauce. God help me, it made me want to be a fat southwestern Italian so I could eat this everyday and not feel bad about it.  Will I return? You bet your bottom dollar for the food. I could care less about the bar/club scene they're trying to throw down. They should just stick to what they do best and that's make food and serve it to hungry girls like me.
Check in on yelp and get free order of wings! (the honey ones are delish!)  I had a restaurant.com certificate. Ambience is nice. Service was a little slow like may others yelpers noted but not terrible. I think the waitress was the only waitress there. There were 4 other tables, 2 were parties of 10+. But the busser brought us water promptly, followed by gorditas with aioli and salsa which were yummy (although I will say I was a tad disappointed that we got gorditas after reading another review in which Plantains were mentioned!). A nice change from the usual chips and salsa.  We split the berry something or other salad which was the worst thing we had. I would have been disappointed if it had been my entree. It was mixed greens, sliced grilled chicken, pecans and a berry vinaigrette. The dressing was like any dressing you'd get from a bottle. They were very generous with the pecans though. The salad needed something more though- maybe some actual berries to brighten it up.  So by the time we'd eaten gorditas, wings and the less than stellar salad, we were too full for our meals.   But we ate some anyway.  I had the Ropa Vieja, which I usually LOVE and always get when I go home to South Florida!The ropa vieja is better at Urban 7  than Havana Cafe, though I'm still working my way around to the other cuban places in the valley to see how they are. Ben got the Mambo Cubano, which though not a traditional cuban sandwich, was darn tasty! He had a glass of pinot noir that he loved and I had the strawberry mojito that I could have lived without. Perhaps I should have had a martini instead...
This restaurant is owned by the same people that own Frank and Lupe's, which happens to be one of my fave spots for Mexican fare.  The enterprising couple's goal was to create a modern concept of a supper lounge.  A place where people could dine, gather at the bar, or have private parties in the lounge...without getting in each other's way.  I do have to say that the space is beautiful, remnants of the former "BadaBoom" still exist such as the ceiling mural of Adam (Sistine chapel) located on the outside patio.  But something is sorely missing.  Call it vibe or personality, it is hard to say.  Being here at 9:00p on a Friday night, and seeing only a half dozen patrons in this large and welcoming space is very daunting.  But we were curious to try some latin fusion cuisine.  I was happy to find diverse cocktail offerings on the menu, such as Mango or Strawberry Mojitos (made with muddled fruit.), Agave margaritas, as well as about a dozen martinis such as the Chocolate Martini.  For a martini bar, I expected more of a selection, though.  However, for a Scottsdale bar the price was right at only $8.  (During happy hour the price goes down to $5)  Instead of chips and salsa, our table received a plate of fried plantains, served with a delicious remoulade for dipping.  We munched on these happily as we decided on a dish.  We started with an order of the Urban Wings, honey bbq.  All of us at the table loved them.  The bleu cheese dressing came with soft crumbles of bleu cheese, the order of wings was generous, and the taste was flavorful.  Another starter that we sampled was the Mac and Queso, made in the "traditional" way with hatch chilis and chorizo.  The portion was so large that it could easily have made an entree.  The texture was great, the cheese creamy and flavorful - but too spicy for my sensitive tastebuds.  Not overwhelming, but definitely A-Ok for its $9 price.  For the main course we had the Mojito Chimichurri - which was carne asada, caramelized onions and mushrooms, and seasoned fries.  For $22, this was a very disappointing selection, despite the generous portion.  The meat was extremely dry and chewy, though the garlic (and mojito?) marinade had given it a wonderful flavor.  The fries were not seasoned, and were completely lacking in flavor - so they had to be dipped in the remoulade that came with the plantains.  Not much to say about the onions and mushrooms.  This dish was worth about $8.95.  If I had ordred Carne Asada at Chipotle it would have been ten times better and cost a fourth of what this did.  Although the menu offers selections such as "Arroz con Pollo" and the "Tabla Latina" (Ropa Vieja(marinated shredded beef)/ Yuca/ Fried Plantains/ Fresh Avocado/ Aioli Sauce/ Corn on the Cob/ Side of Black Beans & Rice), as well as well as a "Santa Fe Fettucini Alfredo," there was nothing about this menu that made it unique - aside from the plantains.  When I saw the name "Latin Fusion" I was expecting something unmatched.  You have to set yourself aside from the competition, because it's fierce out here!  The service was A-OK, the food took longer than expected to come out - considering there were few diners in the restaurant.  Essentially our experience was just...A-OK.
I went to Urban 7 twice since it opened. Hoping the second time it might redeem itself. The food was not good at all. I had a BLT the first time and a chicken sandwich the second. Two things you think would be hard to mess up? Cold, the bacon looked like bacon bits from a can (was expecting fresh juicy, crispy bacon), the sauce that they put all over the chicken sandwich tasted like pure wasabi. In addition to this the service was poor both times, the restuarant was empty yet the service was lagging. The waiter would have 20 min conversations with people who clearly were trying to eat dinner and not interested in chatting, but just were being polite. All this while his 2 other tables (mine) and another couple sat and rolled there eyes at eachother.  They were out of major things on the menu. The presentation of the food could use work as well. It just seems like this place is on the cusp of closing down and keeps changing the menu in hopes of it working but need to focus more on perfecting simple items on there initial menu, presentation and service rather than weak attempts to change the menu everytime they get a bad review on here.  The location is great, the interior is great, the patio wonderful. This actual structure has great potential. I know that this is owned by Frank and Lupes, which is excellent, so maybe they need to focus there efforts on one thing and not get too much in the hopper.
*Bug Alert* We had purchased a 'Living Social' deal and we were excited to try Urban 7 in Old Town Scottsdale.  We entered the Bar side and there were 2 couples at the bar and the rest of the bar area was empty.  The bartender never looked up or greeted us. We were there for dinner, so we continued past the bar looking for a table. We quickly realized that the restaurant portion is actually across a breezeway in another building. There was no one at the Host stand so we entered the restaurant and a very pleasant gal told us to sit anywhere. Again there were two couples in the restaurant. After taking our seat we were brought water and our drink order was taken.  It was before our drinks came that I felt something on my leg. When I looked down there was a small beetle looking insect on my leg, not overly excited I shook it off and stood up quietly and stepped on it. We now place or dinner order.  I did not think much of it until again there was something crawling on my leg, same thing again I stepped on it. Now I noticed a few more on the floor and stepped on them. The waitress now returns and I quietly mention that there are some insects on the floor. She is extremely apologetic and embarrassed she says. As we are still talking to her, two more are walking on the bench cushions in front of her. She states she is going to see if there is some spray in back. Now I notice the only couple left in the place has moved from one side of the restaurant to the other mid meal. I thought the sunset was in there eyes at it was with us. Now our meal is delivered we start to eat, next 3/4" roach flies onto the table in front of my plate and I let out a sheik, pick up my plate and leap to the floor. The waitress is there in seconds to see the roach walking down the table cloth. At this point we all get up from the table and stand in the center of the room. The waitress says she is going to talk to the manager. Now, obviously, the other table wants to talk. Asked if it was a roach. We said yes and they informed us that is why they had moved, they had two on their first table. (Why they were still eating must be a testament to some tasty food though!)  As we are talking anther walks along the coach back behind one of the diners.  Now it has been five minutes or so, and we just decide to go find the manager ourselves. We meet up with our waitress in the breezeway on her cell phone with the manager??  Now there is staff taking tables out of the restaurant and into the bar. He/She is telling her to shut down the dining room. We told her we had to leave and go somewhere else for dinner. Gave her a tip for her service and left. The rest of the night was ruined, you know you keep feeling the sensation of bugs crawling on you.  I undressed in the back yard, left my clothes out there and jumped in the pool! Quite the evening. Now we will see if Living Social will refund our coupon since we will not be returning to Urban 7 or probably any other establishment that takes over that space.
Surprise surprise.  At a first glance, it's very suspicious. I thought it's just another Mexican restaurant on Park street.  Not really. It's actually a sister restaurant to the next door Inca Heritage. It's a very homey, casual version of it. The menu offers somewhat intriguing selection of latin fast food (sorry if my characterization is wrong). They offer a lot of grilled chicken dishes, sandwich with grilled chicken/meat, and rice bowls.   While waiting for my gal pals for a lunch, I decided to order fried plantain and fried sweet-potatoes for appetizers. They were ok. For the main meal, I ordered their chopped beef + egg rice bowl. Wowza - unexpectedly delicious. The service was awkward but very pleasant. The good lunch experience made me wanting more.
The atmosphere was pretty lame, but it could be worse.  The prices were reasonable, and my boyfriend's food looked and smelled fine.  I wish I could have tried more than a salad, but there were no vegetarian dishes available.  I was fairly surprised by this as Inka Heritage has several vegetarian options, and it is, after all, Madison.  They didn't offer accommodations either.  I hope they change the menu a little so that I can try it soon.
A tasty lunch at a very reasonable price! We went right at noon and they were not busy. Only had 1 waiter/counter person on staff so service was a bit slow but the food was pretty good. We had the Peruvian Chicken Chop Bowl, the Mexican Chicken Chop Bowl, sweet potato fries and a yummy drink. Whole bill was $18, I think.   Best parts: the chop bowls and the drink. Worst parts: they were out of horchata (sad) and the fries were served room-temp at best - not certain if they were supposed to be hot or cold or ???   But - I'd certainly go back and recommend others to check it out.
I'm really impressed with this place: delicious food at an affordable price. Don't go for the atmosphere, but it's great for take-out. I'm from Peru so I'm biased toward that part of the menu, but I've gone back again and again, so I've tried quite a bit.  My favorite of the sanguches is the chicharrón, but the Peruvian sautée is also very good, as well as the Colombian rellenito if you like morcilla (like blood sausage).   From the chicken chops, I've only tried the Peruvian. The serving was large for the price, and the chicken was much tastier than I expected, while the rice was good, but not really special.  The arepas are quite good, and specially so when dipped in the huacatay sauce, which I can't stop putting on everything. The other sides I've tried (papa rellena, tamale, fried sweet potatoes) have been nice, but not outstanding.  Out of the desserts, I think I've only tried the lúcuma mousse, which is really good on its own or as the end of a more than satisfying meal. From the drinks, I suggest the chicha morada.  Overall, it tastes very authentic and I hope it catches on, because it's already one of my favorites. Not a fancy place at all, but the food is really great if you know what to order.
I've only done take-out from Fiesta 38 and I can definitively say its awesome.  Add in the fact that the prices are a steal and they deliver and you get 5 stars from me.    The Cuban chopped bowl is delicious.  When I first opened the container I was disappointed as it looked like a typical, boring take-out rice dish.  I was way wrong.  The meat is smokey, the rice is flavorful and their homemade sauces are incredible.    Give it a shot.
So yummy! The atmosphere isn't the greatest, and the service is pretty slow, even when there aren't many people there, but the food makes up for it! I've been there several times and everything is so tasty. My favorite is the Cuban chopped bowl. I'm excited they deliver now and will have to try that soon :)
Though their lunch service is really really slow, their food more than makes up for the wait. Plus they keep bringing chips and a fantastic cilantro salsa out, making the wait not seem so bad.   The Cubanito is the best pulled pork sandwich I have ever had, with delicious homemade bread. It's now my second favorite sandwich in Madison. Their chop bowls are all really tasty as well.
Very good, excellent value, we had Cuban and Peruvian platters. Both perfectly cooked, seasoned, and served promptly. Absolute return.
This is my first time eating a pupusa.  I had the revueltos pupusa - pork, beans, and cheese - and a chicken tamale.  Lisa L. got two pupusas - chicken and cheese/herbs.  I liked the tomato sauce and vinegar-based slaw that came with it.  I would return to try other dishes.  The place is new so it is clean.
Really good pupusas! They're made to order so they are nice and hot when you get them. Yum! I've never tried any of the other menu items since I can't choose anything over a pupusa. At least not in a Salvadorean restaurant...   My new favorite pupusa is the revuelta (pork, cheese and beans). Their curtido (slaw-type topping) and sauce is really good and goes perfectly on top.   While it's not my absolute favorite pupusa restaurant in town, it's still pretty tasty. It's closer to home, so when we're too lazy to drive to our favorite place, Las Pupusas does the trick.
This place is delicious!!!  The service is good and the food is yummy and extremely inexpensive.  I had never had pupusas before my experince here, and it was definitely something i enjoyed!
This was my 1st time eating salvadorean. I ordered a plate that had scrambled eggs, beans mixed with rice, crema and fried plantains. I'd never had those before so that was a must try for me. I loved it. I cleaned my plate with the exception of the crema. (sour cream type creama) I'm glad it covered 1/4 of my plate b/c thats calories saved - It was really good = The only reason they lost a star was b/c the waitress kept giving me ugly looks. I'm sorry I'm not fluent in spanish so I pointed to what I wanted on the menu and said' i wanted the #12 - and again she looked at me like an alien had just landed in her restaurant and i was retarded for even ordering it. I'm not sure if she was offended that I didnt speak spanish or if she thought that dish wasnt very good? Either way I didnt like it but she did that everytime she spk to me.. maybe thats just the way she looks but then my bf said that she heard a lil girl go to the counter & ask her for sweet & low/splenda and the waitress told her no we dont have that...  Then... her mother asked for her & explained (in spanish) that it is sugar but not really - and she handed her what she asked for and told her that her daughter didnt know how to ask properly thats why she didnt know what she meant. wth!!! i'm glad I wasnt witnessing this and had been in the ladies during this episode b/c I would have just been a lil pissed off. Minus this waitress the food alone would have gotten 4 stars... I'd go back and just pray that waitress is not there.. ps. note:  the owner seemed very nice.. as did the male host - it was his 1st day so he was bright eyed and precious looking and very polite.. unlike his co-worker.
The pupusas' here are amazing. The staff is friendly and attentive.
I come here once a month or so! So delicious! The pupusas can be ordered with pork, beans, cheese, or mixed. They also come with curtido lightly pickled cabbage salad, and delicious salsa (a think slightly spicy red sauce). I always order mine mixed with a side of rice.   Each are made to order and I love how each pupusa is $1.50. The restaurant also features some other Salvadorian and Mexican dishes as well, though it's hard for me to pass of a good pupusa! ;)
Having stopped by the bank next door, my girlfriend Yelped this place.    I am SO glad she did!  We were only in town 3 mornings and we ate here EVERY morning. The pupusas were amazing. Neither of us had ever had them before but we are both big fans of them now.  If you've never had them, try them, they are like pockets of deliciousness!
Something about this place wasnt quite right on this visit. And neither is my stomach at the moment.   The pupusas I ordered were fine, but the tamales I had tasted  different and felt stale and also had a funny odor to it. I only took a few bites and left the rest. Since I was sitting right by the window where you can view the employees make pupusas, the area I saw did not seem as clean as before, lots of dried bits of masa all over the board and Im not sure if food left on the boards are stored at proper temps.  (ie has that tub of masa been sitting there all day?) .. Noted different employees working also. Service is still the same  My server was friendly.
We decided to try this place one more time. No one to greet us except for a strong fishy smell. We had the chicken, cheese and bean pupusas. The food was ok, but nothing special. Our server did not come by and offer to refill drinks. Overall cleanliness was okay. We were not impressed, so we won't return here for awhile.
You've got to try their Pupusas! Fluffy white corn tortillas that is filled with your choice of beans, cheese, or the Revueltas which is a combo of pork, beans and cheese. A Salvadoran version of a hot pocket except it's a round shape.  The Pupusas are made to order, in fact the Pupusas assembly line is in full view for everyone to see.  You can watch the ladies making them while waiting for your order. You can dine in or do take out. The Pupusas are nice and hot when they bring them to your table. Served with a side of curtido (kind of like a coleslaw) and  watery like tomato sauce.  Best thing; very filling and budget friendly. Less than two bucks for a Pupusas!    All the Salvadorean dishes I tried are just as delicious! The menu has numbers, pictures of the items, and description so if you cant pronounce something just let your server know what number you want. The servers are always nice, speak and understand English enough to get by, so there's no lack of miscommunication. Orders come out in timely manner even when the place is packed and they have people waiting with orders to go.  Atmosphere is casual and family friendly. Nice little hole in the wall find!
I just loved the Pupusas... the combination in the best, order it well done, and ignore the cole slaw which is bland and boring (add some sugar and vinegar and it will be fine).
I decided to try this place after hearing about pupusas. I never had one and wanted to see what they were all about.   All I can say is "where have they been all my life?"  I had the pork carnitas and the GF had the cheese.  Its a small no frills restaurant.  Service was good and prompt.  To those who have never had them, you must try!
My sister and I ate here and the food is classically Salvadoran. Yummy, low cost and authentic. We ordered: chicken papus, pork papusa, chicken tamale, seafood cocktail, sweet plantains, chicken taco and a cola champagne. Everything was tasty and we left totally stuffed. The bill was $21.
I come here JUST for the pupusas. For $1.75 on chicken, revuelta, chicharron, cheese etc. I only need two because it fills me up quick.  I usually order over the phone and it's quick & convenient.   Short review. Bottom line: just order the pupusas.
Oh. My. Goodness.  I have never had pupusas before, so now I don't have a basis for comparison, but now I wonder what I have been waiting for.  I ordered take out and my order came out quickly.  The staff members were both friendly.  I ordered two mixed pupusas (I asked the server what her favorite kind was) and an el pastor taco.  The total was less than $6... perfect for a student on a budget!  The taco was just ok in my opinion, but I am admittedly a bit stuck up when it comes to my tacos.  One thing I can say about the taco was that it was definitely packed and there was no skimping on the ingredients.  The pupusas are the way to go - I will definitely be back for more.
Service was blah and the beans were burnt. If you like pupusas, this place is great. Don't confuse this place with Mexican fare.  Again the pupusas were awesome!!!!!!
I spent the past 3 decades finding hidden gems in LA. Now, I have opportunities to explore Henderson / Las Vegas. Looking for a good substitute for that urge for Salvi food.   The place had tinted Windows,  so don't be fooled, they're open. It's a small, cute spot that can fit 16 tables of 4. Best feature abt this place is the Window into the kitchen that overlooks the tortilla grill (center of restaurant).  I ordered the Ensalada drink (a lightly flavored Apple juice with bits of chopped apples swimming in the drink), their Platanos plate that comes with frijoles & the part that saved the dish,  the Salvadorian creme. You can taste the plantains weren't ripe & had to be overcooked in order to get the right texture. If the plantains were ripe & sweet, that would MAKE the dish complete. And a couple of pupusas reveltas. Big plus was the fressness with the masa (dough), but lacked flavor in my opinion. I had to add salt to get more flavor other than the masa.  Service: to justify, my experience was all around average. They were properly staffed. The atmosphere was welcoming and clean. Nothing too overly done since it's simple. No bathroom visit.   Will likely return, but not my spot... Just yet.
Food was bland. Horchata was really spicy. I would recommend going to a different pupusa place.
EXCELLENT! I was looking for a small local and delicious restaurant with different menu items than the "regular food" I can get anywhere else. This place hit the spot! The staff was friendly the place was clean. I got there around 1015 and it only took about 5 minutes for my food to be done. I even ordered some to go and took it to my boyfriend! YUMYUMYUM! You gotta eat here (: oh and they make their own bread. Who could ask for more?!
I tried the pupusas, how did they get the meat and cheese in there?! They were delicious! I can't believe I've never had them before. The restaurant was very clean and the service was great. You can watch the cook make the food too.
I come here at least a couple times a month and absolutely love the revuelta pupusas and the pork pasteles.  The curtido that's served with the pupusas is delicously crunchy with just a slight kick.  At first I didn't like the red sauce that is also served on the side (I found that it wasn't spicy enough for me) but I've come to really enjoy it and my pupusas aren't complete if I don't have the sauce drizzled (okay, dumped) all over it.  Food always comes out quickly and hot--I have always gotten take out and by the time I get back to work the foil-wrapped pupusas are still piping hot.  By the way, I love when the cheese spills out while on the grill...it's like a bonus, that crispy crunchy grilled cheese, yum!  I've only eaten in the restaurant once.  Service was adequate.  Their version of the horchata isn't the same as Mexican horchata though; I wasn't a fan.  Perhaps someday I'll venture away from the pupusas and pasteles and try some of the other items on their menu but for now, I still haven't gotten sick of them.  (Yay!)
I honestly found my new quick snack fix in Henderson!  Only $1.75 for a hot, delicious pupusa?! Seriously?  I'm there any day of the week!  Stop by here if you need a homemade, cheesy meal.  Oh and try their take out, it might be quicker
Very authentic! I was kind of scared to go in because it looks out of place where it is but i was very impressed with the food.  The pupusas are huge for only 1.75
I love their pupusas. I haven't tried anything other then that. The place is spacious for a group so I may have to bring people in. The lady behind the counter is nice too.
Excellent pupusas. Great prices and friendly service. You can even see into the kitchen to see them making the pupusas.
This restaurant was clean there was plenty of parking there's plenty of seating and the waitress was very friendly and the staff was very professional the price is very reasonable I had a taco which was ok tasting there was a plenty of it for a dollar 95 and it was fresh cooked my friend had the breakfast spicy eggs and ham and she said the taste was very good there was a large portion for the money I ordered two pupusas the bean cheese and chicken and the bean and cheese for the money there was a lot of food there but there was very little meat beans and cheese mostly tortilla and they were very greasy in my opinion this is a restaurant that offers a lot of carbohydrates for a very reasonable price so if you're hungry and broke this would be the place to go if you're looking for more substance and protein choose another restaurant
Great food! Great service! This is a regular go to for my husband and I! Anytime we have family or friends in town we make sure we take them here. They are never disappointed.  Dine in or out. It's all good. I've never had an order messed up and you always get your moneys worth.
We ordered the mixed chicken and revueltas (pork, beans, cheese) pupusas. YUM! I especially loved the pork ones.  We loaded them up with the slaw and sauce that came with, and they were awesome!  Two loaded pupusas had me more than full.  We ordered ours to go, and there was plenty of slaw and sauce. We didn't have to ask for more.  Definitely a fan of pupusas!!
If it wasn't because the food is good at this location i would of given this place a 1 star. i just called to order take out and the lady who answer (ines or irma) wasn't very nice. i was ordering pupusas and placing 3 different orders. i asked for the amount for each order i placed and she told me that each pupusa was 2 dollars. i asked her for the total and she told me she was busy. ummm i asked her to be nice...and she said that she had a line of customers and she didn't have time plus she was the only one in the restaurant. (even though i wanted to hang up and be rude i just said have a good day and cancel my order.) she was probably having a bad day
If You Want Some Good Salvadorian Pupusas This Is The Place To Go To The Waitress Was Nice And The Food Was Delicious
Yet another welcome addition to the Downtown Las Vegas dining scene. This little Salvadoran place serves plenty of dishes cafeteria style. I have not tried any of that yet. It's all about the papusas so far. Outer bread cooked just right soft in the middle, a little crisp on the edge, the filling is so fine it almost melts in your mouth. I have tried the pork, and chicken, both are excellent. Then there is the curtido, a lightly fermented slaw to top off your papusa...this stuff comes straight from the heavens. A complex mix of flavors from slightly spicy to mild flavors all in one explosive bite. They bring you large containers of the stuff to your table that you just pull as you need. Minimal English is spoken here which is part of the charm, the staff is very willing to work the gringos (a little bad Spanish from me and a little bad English from them gets the job done), and the service is genuinely friendly. A clean atmosphere and "patio" seating make this place a winner. Oh, 2 papusas=$3.25 Whoa! Nellie, fill your belly.
I continue to think this place is a winner for cheap eats. The more I am there, the more I likey. Additional observations I have noticed during previous visits include this place looking VERY clean. Let's face it, there are plenty of restaurateurs from other countries that have not really grasped the concept of good hygiene and cleanliness when it comes to daily food operations. This place almost sparkles...restrooms included. It looks like they have made an attempt to also clean up the exterior of their little slice of downtown heaven....grass has been planted, little peonies planted around a palm tree, white picket fence with additional landscaping planted that frame the patio dining area, all of these little touches make for a feel of an owner really trying to make a difference in our part of the hood. The papusas continue to rock the house! I have tried some of their other cafeteria style offerings. I am digging the fried plantains, not really that sweet, served with a sour cream that perfectly compliments the tains. Others I have been here with have freaked on how good they are. There is also some kind of chicken soup that has a soulful flavorful broth. Broiled (?) chicken pretty good too. Generally speaking I am not a beans and rice kind of guy, so I'm not a fan there, but that is certainly a personal preference, not a slam of their offerings in that arena. People familiar with this area are full aware of the abundance of degenerate types that lumber through the area. These owners don't put with any bullshit from these folks. On 2 occasions I have seen them personally remove drifters from their premises. They do it quietly and with dignity to those being 86'd. Bravo on both fronts. Also some fairly decent Latin tunes being played on the flat screen. My least favorite thing about Amanecer is that it is 7-11 bright, they could remove about every other florescent bulb in the place as far as I'm concerned. This place is yet another little gem emerging on the downtown scene.
For the win! I was wondering, aimlessly you might say, in the general direction of downtown from the strip when, hungry for something other than a $5.99 "prime rib special," I found Amanecer Salvadoreno.  I had never had Salvadorian food. Clearly, that was a mistake on my part, because everything I had at Amanecer Salvadoreno was amazing.  Salty pulled pork with eggs, fried plantains, pupusa, fried corn things, all washed down with a tasty Salvadorian soda? Ahhh... I'm still not clear on exactly I had is called because of the language barrier, but that's all part of the adventure.
I sure hope you can speak Spanish when you go to this place!  Damn the gringo for trying to order in English!  Luckily, I'm a fat kid and I know the spanish words for food so I was able to make it out with my pork n cheese pupusas.  They were pretty good.  I want to try some other stuff on the menu...I guess it'll be like russian roulette..(.er salvadorean roulette?) since there isnt an actual menu...just pics of about 6 things with no explanation of what's in it!
I moved to Vegas from California where the best salvadorian restaurants would be.when I moved to Las Vegas and it was hard to find a good place to eat delicious salvadorian food.when I stumbled across this place u fell in LOVE!.Its by far one of the best I've eaten at.I recommend this place to anyone who loves central american food.good variety of food and I fell in love with the pupusas.one word to describe is YUMMY:)
Thanks Yelpers!  Made a trip to Amanecer on a Saturday morning.  There aren't menus.  Just pictures of five or six food items.  I forget.  I walked up to the cash register, the cute girl asked ?Como estas? All I had was "no habla Espanol" and a gesture in the general direction of the pupusa picture.  "Dos pupusas, por favor."  The pupusas were fabulous.  Just fabulous.  Not so sure about the plastic jug of fermented carrots and other assorted vegetables.  I ate a couple of tongfulls anyway.  When in Rome.  The cute girl refilled my soda and checked on me periodically, even though I pretty much snarfed the pupusas.  Everyone was very friendly.  Even the patrons smiled at me and said, "Good day, sir!"  I fired back with a "Buenos dias, senor/senora"  Would be five stars if they had menus.  In fairness, maybe I just didn't know how to ask for a menu.  .
Great pupusas and you can order one plate and easily share with your buddy!   Flavorful,fresh, and owned and run by delightful people.   True, it is in an area that is not. In the tour books but really good home.cooking takes it!   We stopped in four times during this visit to Sin City and found a welcome respite from all of the neon and glitz.
In a town full of fakes . . . Paris, New York, Egyptians, Romans, Elvi (plural for Elvis?), breasts . . . finally something authentic.  I mean right down the middle of the fucking plate authentic . . . Welcome to Amanecer Salvadoreno . . . situated in a little strip mall in a part of downtown Las Vegas filled with Salvadoreno business . . . the restaurant, a health food store, a market and a beauty salon . . . clean.  Forget about your English here as, well it is not spoken here . . . and don't go there asshole . . . within the boundaries of every non-English speaking immigrant neighborhoods you always hear the language of their country of origin.  The cleanliness of the entire strip center speaks to the pride that they are here forging a new life.  But hey, I am here to tell you about the food.  Well, I love it so much that I have eaten there 2 days in a row for lunch.  fried yucca, rice &  black beans, a rocking slightly fermented cole slaw, kimchee light so to speak, chicherones, and PUPUSAS . . . yeah that is right PUPUSAS . . . a hybrid between quesedillas and empanadas filled on this day with either a pulverized black bean filling or shredded chicherones . . . OMG . . . I only ate here and the VooDoo restaurant at the Rio  and let me tell you this . . . my lunches at Amanecer Salvadoreno averaged $6.00 over the 2 days including a drink while my dinner at the VooDoo Steakhouse, read my review of that experience,  ran me $90 including tip and guess which meal was more satisfying . . . come on say it . . . Amanecer Salvadoreno . . . I know and even though I communicated with my Portuguese corrupted Spanish even the service was more genuine at Amanecer . . . no shit . . . no bullshit . . . they just wanted me to enjoy the meal.  What it lacked in view, contrived coolness and arrogance when compared to much of the other offerings in Las Vegas it more than makes up for with just authentic flavors true to its heritage delivered in a clean oasis in downtown Las Vegas with a smile by people that care more for being authentic and that you enjoy.    Please set aside your fears, just try to communicate in any manner you can and enjoy an authentic experience filled with flavor and value.    Gracias ,mis amigos de Amanecer Salvadoreno . . . See you next week . . . a few times . . . I will bring my new friends to experience your world.
Everybody should try a pupusa at least once in their life!  How can I best describe one?  Well how about you think of a fat tortilla filled with stuffing?  That should give you the mental image in your head.  Generally I order them from Las Pupusas on the north side of town but when I heard about Amanecer (to wake up) in my ongoing quest to try every restaurant for lunch downtown, I figured it was a no brainer I'd come for the pupusas and boy did I make the right choice!  This is a rather small place with an atmosphere that doesn't really stand out.  I asked what type of pupusas they had and they had the standards; cheese, beans, chicharron (pork), or revuelto (mixed, your choice).  I had the cheese and cheese/chicharron mix.  I also ordered horchata to drink although it's completely different from the Mexican horchata you would typically find at say Cardenas.  For some it may be better since it's not as rich.    The pupusas themselves were delicious, just make sure to put the cabbage and the tomato sauce on top as they definitely add to the flavor (like a taco!).  Also two pupusas is a good enough size for a meal.  This place feels and tastes authentic to me so that's always a huge plus.  I talked with the staff in Spanish, but they seem to be fine in regards to English as well.  In the future I may try out their other menu items but really when a pupusa is available why would you?  Oh yeah, and they do have $0.99 pupusas on Tuesdays!
Small restaurant located on the outside skirts of Las Vegas. Map quest it for directions, a few minutes away. Authentic Salvadorian food that will not hurt your wallet. Really good tamales and fresh water. Yelp says it's closed on Sundays but you will be surprised to find it open. :)
Almost next door to Viva Las Arepas and Art of Flavors, Amanecer Salvadoreno is worth a try!  Started off with the Platano ($2.95) aka Fried plantains. Delicious! Sugary sweet with the caramelized outsides.  If you have had this dish before, you know exactly what to expect :)  I ordered two Pupusas ($1.75ea). Filled with Pork, beans & cheese. These were good but even better with the cabbage/coleslaw & hot sauce on top!  Like a stuffed fluffy tortilla of sorts.  And of course, I had to try the Yuca Frita O Cocida ($6.95). I LOVE Yuca frita and this was an excellent version. Their chicharon was a bit on the dry end...wish it was fresher/juicier.  I still think you will enjoy this!  I am sure I will be back again :)
I'm a complete pupusa-holic! I've tried out many different restaurants around town, some are great, others are "meh".   As I've said before, I work downtown and I always make it my mission to visit the small, hole in the wall restaurants. Now, the restaurant itself is in a sketchy neighborhood right across the street from the Jack In The Box, but don't let that deter you.  I called and placed an order on the phone for pick up since I didn't want to wait too long. The person who took my order over the phone was very friendly and courteous. Note: I did order in Spanish, and I'm actually not sure if they are fluent in English. I ordered two pupusas revueltas (cheese, pork, beans) for $1.75 each, cheap eats!   I got  to the restaurant and I was in and out withing 5 minutes, it was 10 past 12 and it was pretty busy so I'm glad I placed my order over the phone. I drove back to the office and opened up my box of goodness. The pupusas looked so perfect and tasted heavenly! They did include curtido (cabbage/carrots/oregano /vinegar) and the salsa. A lot of places tend to make the curtido a bit overpowering and the salsa too watery, but not here. Both were equally perfect! I will be back to try their platanos and yuca frita.
Terrible experience, their restaurant was so dirty, that I felt a bit discussed to eat there. their floor was almost black, their table super dirty and  yeap.. I even got a hair on my food... they do offer an extend menu, but truly the entire place looks like the have a very poor hygiene.  their stuff was not very friendly and their whole ordering system was a bit disorganized.
In my relentless (if not very wide-reaching) search for a good margarita this Latin American restaurant comes top of my list. And I have it on good authority that it is ditto for the mojito.    But you don't just come here for the cocktails. If you are a regular consumer of mexican food you will recognise many of the dishes on the menu; nachos, enchiladas etc. BUT and it's a very fine BUT, there are several more esoteric dishes to try and try them you should. My personal obsession is Pabellon Margariteno, a fish dish that looks unspeakable, but tastes divine. Tool up on the cocktails and go for dishes you've never heard of. Go on, go on, go on.    Oh and the prices are good, the atmosphere friendly and the decor VERY LOUD.
We checked Sabor Criollo on the recommendation of a friend who regularly works in South America and knows good food from the area when she sees it. It didn't disappoint.    A two-course meal is very reasonably priced at £13.99 a head on a Saturday night. The place was busy when we were there, but the service was fast, courteous and friendly.    I had the fajitas (delicious) and my wife had the shredded beef, both of which were fantastic.    This is a great little place tucked away smack in the middle of Stockbridge and we'll be going again.
The place has a nice atmosphere, and they've made an effort to make this basement location feel more lively, colourful and 'south americanish'. The service is really nice and friendly as well, and I'm pretty sure most of the waiters speak spanish which is a good sign when you're eating in a south american place! So why only 3 stars? I love mexican/southern food so maybe I'm a slightly harsh critic, but I just wasn't really taken with the menu.  Everything we ordered was a bit too overflowing with cheese and creme fraiche so the vibrant flavours were drowned out. The menu isn't really expensive, £15 for 2 courses, but considering the fierce competition with set menus in Edina, it's probably a touch high for such simple food (plain rice, beans, chicken, flour tortillas and side salad)
I recently moved into a new flat near Stockbridge and during one of the many journeys from my old place to the new one, my boyfriend and I noticed a basement restaurant with LATIN AMERICAN FOOD written on the side.  As a Californian, I am in a constant quest for good Latin/Mexican food, so when the car was unloaded we decided to wander down and check this place out.  The restaurant is small and cute.  It was hosting a large party of partially intoxicated women celebrating a 40th birthday who provided some excellent people watching between courses.  I think this would be a fun place to come with a big party as they serve cocktails (margaritas... yummmmm) in big pitchers and the space is well setup for it.  We had our drinks order taken within minutes of sitting down, which was a definite plus, and the margaritas were the best I've had in Edinburgh, another big plus.  The big negative was that despite asking several times, we were never brought water, which we found very odd.    We shared a starter of nachos.  I remember being impressed at the salsa, which tasted home made.  They also came with black beans which were a very tasty addition.  My guy ordered a dish which I kind of remember so I just went to the website to look it up but the menu tab takes me to a page that says MENU, and nothing else.  Er... I remember it was something which they called traditionally Venezuelan, and it was nice.  It was different, which is something I always enjoy.   I ordered their "famous" fajitas.  I have had great fajitas all over Edinburgh and I do love them sooo much.  I realise they're not sexy or unusual, but man they are tasty.  I loved the char-grilled tastiness that was cooked into the chicken and the veggies.  BUT they fajitas were, as they always are, served with sour cream, guacamole, and salsa.  I've already commented on how I liked the salsa, so I was shocked at the guac and sour cream.   The guacamole tasted like it was Tesco value guacamole.  Fine for a pub, but not fine for a Latin American restaurant.  It was green, but I'm really not sure it even had avocados in it.  My boyfriend argued that avocados are expensive and this place probably couldn't afford to make their own guac, but I think it's an expense which is necessary for a Latin American restaurant.   The sour cream was even more disappointing.  I'm a huge fan of sour cream so was surprised when I wasn't tasting the tangy wonderfulness which I love so much.  I stuck my finger in it to taste it plain and was shocked to discover that it was cream, heavy cream.  In addition to loving sour cream, I bake.  A lot.  I know what cream tastes like, and that was cream. When the waiter came to take our plates our exchange went like this: Him:  So how was everything? Me:  It was great!  We're stuffed!  But I just have to ask... (smile) did you run out of sour cream tonight (big smile) ? Him:  I'm sorry? Me:  (smile) I was just wondering if you ran out of sour cream, because that's actually cream Him: No it's not. Me:  Oh, ehm... it really didn't  taste like sour cream to me Him: Well it is, but I will ask the kitchen. Me: Thanks... oh and can we get our bill please?  A few minutes later the waiter came back to assure me that it was indeed sour cream, and was then never to be seen again.  We sat for about 15 minutes trying to catch someone's eye to bring us the bill, before we just stood up and went directly to the counter to pay.    So, I'm left with really mixed feelings about this place.  I would definitely have gone back to try the food with more of a Venezuelan twist if the waiter(s) hadn't decided to dessert our table because of my question.   I find it hard to give places a second chance when they fall down so hard in areas like service and quality of ingredients.
On a Yelp dinner night out I had the pleasure to dine at Sabor Criollo in Stockbridge. And boy, it's great to be with Yelp, because who knows when I would have gone there myself and this way I had most lovely company and a great dinner.  The restaurant is a little harder to find (at least if you are like me a New-Edinburgher and are not used yet to restaurants being in the souterrain). It's a funnily decorated place that manages to let you forget that you are sitting in a basement which I wish more of these bars and restaurants would do.  Now the food:  mexican/south american It's excellent, try their mojillos, these mussels were delicious for a starter. Fajitas and Quesadillas are normally not something I particularly care for but theirs are great definitely a reason for me to come back again. I would have liked to try their desserts but I simply could not eat another dish so I can only account for for what I had and can ensure you, it's worth the way to Stockbridge.
Apparently, Sabor Criollo has been here for like six centuries or something (possible exaggeration) so I don't even know how I hadn't heard of it before. Were I wearing a hat, though, I would be tipping it most genially in Blythe R's direction for bringing our monthly dinner club to this adorable little beach shack in a Stockbridge basement.  As a basement restaurant (it's easy to miss so keep your eyes peeled when you're on the right street) it could so easily be dark and claustrophobic. What they've done with the place is stellar - they've dressed the bar up as a beach shack, twined trees (and a parrot! not a real one, sadly) around the ceiling, and painted windows onto the walls with open shutters and wonderful beach views. They're not in a convincing trompe l'oeil style, instead being intentionally slightly cartoonish. The effect is actually better, because first of all trying to make them convincing is never going to work and could just be tacky, and secondly the bright colours are so lively that it has the same kind of energy level as an actual window. It tricked my brain without tricking my eyes - very smart!  Now on to the food. I had the chilli mushroom starter, which was simply divine and I could have eaten four portions of it as a main. This was followed by chicken fajitas, Venezuelan style: wayyy less hot and spicy than the Mexican tradition, and the onions and peppers were less heavily fried, still having a considerable amount of bite and crunch. It was really nice, especially with the addition of what I called the traffic light of deliciousness - three little dishes containing salsa, sour cream and guacamole. A nice touch, too, was that the tortillas were served in a little plastic lidded pot marked "tortilla" to keep them warm and soft. Overall, the food didn't completely blow my head off in terms of being impressed, but I was very HAPPY. I was dancing. Seriously. Ask my dinner companions. Happy dancing in my seat.  Finally, drinks. I ordered my usual, lime and soda, and I was thoroughly taken aback. This was no cordial'n'fizz affair. This was the real deal - fresh, bitter, and oh so good, for just £1.90, this is the place to go for a lime and soda properly.
Great food and drinks!
I visited Sofrita on Saturday. The food is very good. The sangrias were outstanding. Too bad they were not able to solve the sewer gas smell in that location. The last restaurant in that spot also had the problem of a dried out drain. It's not that hard to figure out, get a plumber to fix it.  Fountain Hills needs a nice place to have tapas. The atmosphere is charming and once you get used to the smell you can eat but it is a real turn off when you first walk in the door. I hope they make it.
I visited Sofrita on Friday evening and had the most wonderful experience.  The entertainment, Flamingo Guitarists and Dancers were awesome.  The food, service and ambience were sensational!    I sampled numerous dishes from the menu and found everything to be absolutely delicious!!!!  The location is beautiful and perfect; especially when the Fountain is on!  Can't wait to return for another delicious and perfect dining experience!  If you haven't been to Sofrita yet then this is a must  for your next dining pleasure!
There's gold in them thar (Fountain) Hills! Chef Anthony Redendo has blessed this quiet little town with one of the best Tapas restaurants I've ever eaten at.  I love Tapas, but usually hate the small servings and high prices.  Someone forgot to send Sofrita the memo, because the prices are small, and the portions are large.  Most importantly, its delicious!  It's not only mandatory eating if you live near Fountain Hills, its worth the trip from anywhere in the valley.  Don't even get me started on the delicious Sangrias, white and red.  YUM!
I visited Sofrita's a few Friday's ago and had a wonderful experience. They serve generous portions and savory Sangrias. We ate the Bacaladitos and the Puerco dish. Both were delicious!  We sat on the outside patio to listen to the Flamenco music and the whole ambiance was warm, cozy and the perfect date spot. The staff is friendly and hospitable. Great place...must try!
Awesome new spot in Fountain Hills.  Friendly staff, great food, and Tracy!  Hope the snowbirds will open their minds and support this piece of culture that is so badly needed in the "stuck in the Midwest 70's" culture of Fountain Hills!
OUTSTANDING! FANTASTIC! WONDERFUL! These are all words I use to describe this quaint restaurant. This is now my favorite Puerta Rican/Cuban restaurant in the Phoenix area. Mouth watering food and sangria drinks to die for!  All at an affordable price!
The best Puerto Rican cuisine this side of San Juan!  Without a doubt, the VERY BEST sangria ever!  I had their winter sangria infused with fresh blueberries, cranberries and raspberries.  For tapas, we had tostones, bacaladitos, bacon wrapped dates and the el cran combo salad.  Know that Puerto Rican cuisine is NOT Mexican food.  It is not spicy, rather it is very flavorful.  My next visit, I am eager to try the ropa vieja and the habichuleas, not to mention the macarron con queso!  Sofrita is also open for breakfast and I would be most curious to give that a try some morning.
Had lunch here yesterday with the husband.  Wow, it was fabulously fresh and delious!!!!  The Sangria was to die for, lots of fresh fruit floating on the top. YUM!  Tried 2 of the 4 different tacos and the black beans, very very good.  My husbands salad with a lime/coconut vinaigrette was sensational.  We will bring our out of town visitors here for late lunch soon!  You must try it! Very affordable pricing too!
Sofrita is a great little restaurant with a very unique Boricua/Nueva York sort of ambiance. There's outside seating available under umbrellas, besides the inside seating.  I've tried a few of their dishes and all have been tasty. I hope Sofrita can expand the menu a bit beyond tapas (love to see pasteles added). They could seriously rock with an expanded menu, I think! I recommend Sofrita to all, for Puerto-Rican inspired food that doesn't follow rigid culinary rules. Tea Lovers: Their selections are awesome!
Saturday morning for breakfast, nice selection of teas, I had the desert floral sweetened with aguave nectar, and my wife had coffee which I snuck a taste of, very good BTW. Quaint atmosphere looks like I'm in my Nana's house with the decor definitely spanish feeling! Music is nice, servers are great very personable. We ordered breakfast burritos and the chillequilles verde. My baby boy was with us and they brought out some diced up fruit for him, perfect for a 9 month old. I actually was able to speak to the owner and she was very nice. She told us about upcoming events that the restaurant is having & to say the least we were very interested. We plan on returning to see how it is in the evening because it just looks like it would be Fun!
Yah! I went to Sofrita's today for lunch. The spanish tacos were great! tasty meat lots of fresh topings, Lovely. They had live music playing on the patio. A very pleasant afternoon. Prices are very reasonable too.  I am happy to report that the problems with the buliding have been resolved.  Frequent Sofritas often Fountain Hills needs this place.
Best food in Fountain Hills ....Check  Best entertainment in Fountain Hills....Check (Flamenco singers and dancers every first and third thursday of the month)  Best location.....Check  (you can sit on the patio, drink a sangria, and watch the Fountain)  Best service .....check (Tracy always treats us well)  not having to drive over the hill to Scottsdale......PRICELESS
My wife and I have been here several times. The food is very fresh, and the cozy restaurant is clean and inviting. Everything on their dinner menu is Tapas except for the Puerto Rican pot roast dish which we have yet to try. The Bruschetta is outstanding because the bread is so delicious. The first time we were here they had a great scallop ceviche but it is currently not offered. I would suggest the potato wedges with mustard aioli. Lightly crispy on the outside and tender as well. The bacon wrapped dates are to die for. The best part about Sofrita are the sangrias.I have traveled all over Spain and never encountered Sangria as good as they have at Sofrita. My favorite is the berry...GET SOME!
Very nice place in Fountain Hills. It did not disappoint.  We had the meatballs, the tamales one chicken and one pork.  I liked the pork better.  We also had the shrimp tacos, very tasty, and of course I had to have Tostones, delicious plantain slices that are fried twice, what is not to love about it.  My little boy loved them.  Service was excellent, they are very friendly.
Great Tapas bar in Fountain Hills! Went on a Yelp search and Sofrita was spot on with the reviews. The restaurant is small in size, but it may have seemed a little smaller with the live entertainment. BTW the spanish guitar and singer were amazing. I don't mean to knock Fountain Hills at all, but we were pleasantly surprised to have great entertainment like that there. The food was inhaled!!! Bruschetta was absolutely delicious. If you go there make sure you order it. We also had the Macaroni Cheese which was excellent and we called it. Crumbled Cheese Its on top. Yum. If you are looking for a getaway from the valley, head up to Fountain Hills and visit Sofrita. You will not be disappointed.
This is a cozy and colorful tapas restaurant in Fountain Hills, that features many delectable small bites such as bacon wrapped dates, shrimp street tacos, papas del padre (organic fried potato wedges with a mustard aoli), and mojitos pelotas (fried crispy meatballs with a green salas) as well as a dozen varieties of bruschetta.    With 4 selections from the bruschetta menu for $12, you can get a great variety that will fill your belly.  We enjoyed the  warm artichoke with queso blanco, the roasted egg plant creole with remoulade, the hearts of palm salsa verde pesto, and the Frangelica (nutella spread and crema Dulce).  This Puerto Rican inspired eatery, which is excellent for small groups and sharing, also has some heartier dishes on its menu such as the Pork Pernil or Ropa Vieja, which are a 12 hour slow cooked pork and beef pot roast.  There are breakfast and lunch menus available here as well, and they all have a very latin american flavor!  Thursdays the restaurant features live flamenco music, transforming this quaint little spot into a romantic destination to wine and dine your darling.  Aside from the diverse menu of Latin dishes, their home-made Sangria is a special treat.  Infused with seasonal fruits, you can get either white or red sangria, either one is fruity and delicious!  A local favorite in Fountain Hills!
Very creative menu.  Delicious food for the most part.  Occasionally there have been some weird waitresses in there that act like they are too good to help you, and you are an inconvenience.  I was very put off when I walked in and asked if I could order something to go and was told "NO"...seriously WTH? You don't want my money...alrighty then.
Sorry, to say our meal was not tasty at all and our tamale was cold. Maybe they can improve as we need more types and styles of food in Fountain Hills.
Great find!  White sangria was very good.  Shared a tortilla wrap and salad.  Both were fresh, interesting and tasty.  This is a place we would come back to to try more of the interesting Spanish-inspired menu
Enjoyed the perfect meal last night. Sangria, monfongitos appetizer, smoked salmon, brie & apple, BLT and fresh tomato bruschetta platter, followed up with an incredibly delicious café Rico and flan. All served up by an exceptionally professional and friendly waitress Kim.
What a gem! Wonderful food, beautiful atmosphere, and a friendly, helpful staff. Do not miss the fish tacos, bacon wrapped dates, or the flan....out of this world! I love this place. Worth a trip from Scottsdale for drinks and yummy food, as there is just no place else like it.
Great little restaurant a short stroll from the fountain in Fountain Hills.  I visited with my hiking group for lunch on a Wednesday.  Even  though there were 28 of us, Carolyn Redondo and her crew made us feel right at home.    The menu is chock full of new & different approaches to Latino favorites (I'm pretty sure there is a strong Puerto Rican influence here).  This is an especially good stop for the vegetarians in your circle but the meat lovers won't go wanting....loved the pork tacos!  Can't wait to go back for breakfast...the Chilaquiles Verde looks awesome!  Great find!
Great atmosphere and amazing food... and the most romantic bathroom in town.
The best Huevos Racheros ever and great tacos! Always great service, very friendly, and very good prices.
4 1/2 Stars...Hubby and I lunched at Sofrita on 3/28/12...loved it!!!! Cute outdoor patio with big umbrellas for shade. Inside did seem rather tiny though.   Had the absolutely delightful Shrimp Tacos...totally addicting (actually craving them now but we live 60 or so miles away).  Anyhow, the 3 corn tortilla tacos had one large shrimp that had a light, crispy breading with shredded cabbage and a delicious sauce...just yummy!  Almost everyone ordered the Shrimp Tacos while we were there. Hubby had the HUGE breakfast burrito...which he loved but had a hard time finishing..and he usually finishes everything. Believe me it's huge!! Margarita not very good but the Red Wine Sangria was wonderful! Light and refreshing. Chips and salsa (which you have to purchase) were really good...chips were homemade and the salsa was very fresh with just the right amount of heat for me. Had a Chocolate Whiskey cake for dessert...very rich and very chocolatey..not great but good!!   Prices are great. Had two alcoholic beverages, one iced tea, two entrees, chips and salsa and one dessert for about $45. Menu at lunch seemed rather limited but sooooooo good. Will definitely go again for dinner hoping there is more on the menu. Actually I really want the Shrimp Tacos again... :)  Enjoy!!
Absolutely incredible food. Service was quick and friendly. I'll definitely be here more often.
Absolutely delicious! We had their shrimp tacos, tortilla soup, El gran combo salad, and tamal con huevos.  everything we ate was amazing! Their ginger lemonade was refreshing.  But the most amazing dish was their Caramelo cake! OMG!
Tried this place multiple times.  Many different items.  The only thing Worth remembering were the margaritas and the had pretty good service.
This place is sensational. Went her about 7-8 times in our 10 day stay in Scottsdale/Fountain Hills. Just couldn't get enough. Food and variety of is great, terrific decor and friendly service. A restaurant that really has it all together. Red Sangria best I've ever had.
This wonderful little place is as good as it gets!  Small, intimate, and a wonderful array of dishes to choose from... Breakfast, Lunch, and Dinner!  Service is amazing and very personal.  Wait for the cool down of the weather and eat outside with music and entertainment.  Sangria is to die for!  Shrimp Street tacos a must!  Prices are great and  the staff/owner is warm and inviting.  As far as in the Valley, it may be a drive, but well worth it!
08/05/11  I went during happy hour. I had two mini-margaritas, which were good.  I also has the rum soaked puerco tacos. They were very good. The serving "rack" is a nice gimmick, but I'd prefer a normal plate.  The coconut flan was delicious.   The service was fast and friendly from beginning to end. Upon entry to the location, I could smell something very pleasant, although I could not determine the source. It was not a food type smell and was not overpowering. I'd like to know what it is, so I can use it in my house.
Cons: 1. We were seated 10 minutes before happy-hour ended, but were not greeted by a waitress until it was too late to order. 2. I had to ask 3 times for another drink before either waitress would bring me one, and then was overcharged on my bill for an incorrect number of beers. Just because I asked 6 times for a beer, I only actually ordered 3. This does not give you permission to charge me for 6 beers. 3. None of the food came out at the same time. There was a 10-minute gap between when the first plate came out and when the last plate came out. 4. The quality of the food was poor to say the least. $7 for a salad that was no bigger than the bowl of cereal I ate this morning is unacceptable. Also, the creations found in the selection for the bruschetta board reminded me of when my 4 year-old nephew made his own lunch one day; "Nacho cheese with sliced dates covered in crushed-up Dorito chips"  Pros: 1. None of my party has contracted Dysentery. 2. They serve alcohol 3. I was able to beg and plead and get at least 3 drinks from the watiress. 4. I was able to spend time on the patio with my family.  Overall: Next time we will know better...
The sangria is the best. If you're looking for TAPAS, you've come to the right place. The food is unique and wonderful. Tried their Shrimp Taco, YUMMY. The brushetta, 4 for $12, was delicious and filling. Also the Tomales were great. Seems that all the vegetables they use are fresh. I tried their salad which came in a small bowl which looked like it wasn't enough until you start digging down and eating.  Service was excellent and polite. Which I had enough room for the coconut flan. I'll order it the next time.
3/18/13 - sangria was too sweet! Sat on the patio and enjoyed the tapas. Definitely try the bruschetta sampler. Brie with apple and jam was favorite. Also enjoyed the roasted eggplant. The cilantro hummus was bland. Waitress should become a little more knowledgeable of menu.
Stopped in after a long walk around Fountain Park. All our food items were homemade and fresh. We tried 6 different plates and all were very good. Prices are reasonable.  They have a daily happy hour with $3 mini-margaritas, $2 beer and $1 tacos. Think the timing was 3-5 p.m. Will plan to go back for one of the happy hours when the weather improves.  Our server was very friendly and they have an outdoor dog-friendly patio area. Several people were there with their dogs, enjoying the afternoon. They also have another outdoor patio area for people only.  Overall, it was very enjoyable lunch and will definitely go back.  (Ate outside, but the inside seating is very limited, so could get crowded quickly in the evenings or on bad weather days.)
Sofrita is a great happy hour spot! We went last night as their happy hour runs 3-6p daily. We tried a lot of food - chips & salsa, potato wedges & a few street tacos. Everything we had was delicious & tasted authentic. If you're not drinking, try the ginger lemonade!   Awesome tacos, breakfast all day, adorable patio, great service, dog friendly patio...check it out!
This place is really great. I have only come here after spending some time at the dog park down the street. Why? Well by then my pup is tired and Sofrita allows dogs on the patio (not just outside the fence).  Be prepared to be on Spanish time when you dine here. The service is slow and no one is ever in a hurry. This can get annoying if you aren't expecting it. They have great sangria's, served in huge glasses with lots of fruit. The chips and salsa is really good! The chips are made fresh and so is the mild salsa. If you want it hotter you're going to have to add some hot sauce.  The tacos are quite doog and a steal at $2 a piece (less during HH I think). My favorites are the pork and potato...stay away from the chicken, dry and boring. Definitely a great place to relax, take it slow and enjoy an afternoon on the patio.
This is a nice little Latin American themed restaurant. It has a very homey feel, like you're visiting someone's home kitchen. The staff members were friendly and working hard. We tried the chilaquiles, tortilla soup, and shredded beef tacos. The chilaquiles were very good, especially the tender pieces of flavorful chicken and the fresh green chili sauce. The tortilla soup was hearty and had a pleasant flavor. The tortilla strips and melted queso fresco inside added a nice touch. The shredded beef was marinated in interesting flavors (something beer/alcohol-based I believe) and made for a good light taco meal. The prices were fair, with entrees coming in around $10 and individual tacos at $2 each. The soup was very good, but at $6, it feels a little overpriced. Overall, it was a good experience and a tasty meal. They even gave me a tea refill to go afterwards. I would like to visit again.  I am concerned about the service, however. While the two people there were friendly and working hard, it was a tad bit slow with only a few tables occupied. Since it appears that the only staff is a mother/daughter team, there is no way they could adequately serve this place if it were half or more filled. There were tables filled with leftovers from previous guests as we left, which is another sign that it's just too much work to keep up with when understaffed. Thus, the experience of a diner during a busier time would likely be worse than my own on this trip.
I went here for lunch one day with a couple of friends.  We enjoyed the views, the service was very friendly and the prices were great.  But the MOST impressive part was the food!  SOOO yummy! And I enjoyed their creative presentation of foods by using unique dishes. And, their patio is dog friendly; complete with doggie treats and water dishes. I'm looking forward to going back. :-)
Website exaggerates the atmosphere and location. The website video makes this sound like it will be a special dining experience and itjust isn't..   Food was somewhat bland and average. Not a great value ($75 for two) and the owner who was bright and cheery in the website video was anything but... Maybe she was having a bad day.  Go to Scottsdale.  PS The website also gives the impression that the restaurant has a waterfront view of the fountain, but the fountain is actually a few blocks away. :-(
Went here on a Thursday night for the Flamingo Dancing which was entertaining.    This was my first time here.  The service was slow but they had a full patio of people.  Great the ambience.  The only thing I tried on the happy hour menu were the tacos and they were amazing.  The red and white sangria on the other hand was terrible.  Tasted like watered down sugar.  Great happy hour pricing - cheap beer.  I do like how it's an animal friendly patio and will definitely be returning.    I hear their breakfast / brunch is to die for.
Good drinks, good Latin music, but so-so food.
We frequently stop in for Sunday brunch. We've never been disappointed in the food, and the service has improved substantially as the restaurant has matured. Nice variety and good wines, too. One of Fountain Hills best.
Hands down the best restaurant in Fountain Hills!  When you go here you MUST try the chips and salsa. They make the chips in house and they are seriously THE BEST tortilla chips I have ever had. The salsa is also nothing short of amazing. It is fresh, flavorful, and refreshing.   I have NEVER had something here that I didn't like. I have been here for both lunch and dinner. During lunch, their breakfast menu is available. If you order off of that, try the tamale y huevos. The tamales are amazing. They're light and have fresh veggies in them (if you order the veggie one). They also come with a side of potatoes, which are the best potatoes I have ever had.   Next time you're in Fountain Hills, definitely stop in here. You will not be disappointed.
Delicious food and generous wines by the glass! Yummy!
This is an amazing place. The flavor combinations are exquisite, the owners are wonderful, and the Happy Hour specials are great. You have to try the new Hummus dishes! It's a great relaxing place to eat, drink, and hang out.
The food was tasty, but my service was RIDICULOUS!   I seen 3 couples leave as they were not seated and ignored by the employees, along with them I was about to leave until I said something to the server, who gladly told me I could sit where ever and he'd be right on over...well that was not true I sat there for 10 mins and had to go get him myself from the bar area where it seemed all the employees where conversing and having a great time, I know that owners would not approve I've been to Sofritas when they are around and its totally opposite.  The food was good and tasty,
Sofrita is a fantastic place to dine in Fountain Hills when you are looking for something different from the standard burger.  The atmosphere is very nice; it almost has a romantic feel to it (great date place!).  The patio is fun to dine on when the weather is cool enough. It's also nice to sit at the bar during a solo outing and the bartender is friendly and professional. The food is amazing - I highly recommend the Mediterranean calamari and the salmon dinner, and the veggie breakfast burrito is a great way to start the morning.  They have a great happy hour menu - the garbanzo fritos and bacon wrapped dates are delicious. This is not someplace to go when you are in a hurry - it can take a little time for them to cook your food.  I wouldn't say it is super slow, but it's not like you order and it comes right out.  It is well worth the wait!!  To me, it's just an opportunity to take a little time to focus on my dinner companions and enjoy a sangria (excellent, by the way).  I highly recommend Sofritas to anyone looking for a high quality meal out.
This place is a jem within Fountain Hills. With its lovely views of the lake when dining outside, and live music/ performance playing every so often, it makes this place such an romantic and joyous atmosphere to dine in. We loved the wonderful variety of foods that we tried being that flavors here in Fountain Hills seem to be bland and usually American, this place kicks it up a notch! Ethnic eats, and soulful atmosphere makes us want to return again and again. Service was always excellent.
Perhaps it was the setting, dark and muggy night. Light breeze kicking up small palm fronds which danced along the sidewalk. Not sure if we felt like having something "heavy" so late at night (8:30p) but could entertain something light.   Female servers (didn't catch names) greeted us w/warm smiles under the semi-eclectic décor and soft lighting. SOLD!  Ordered the Lo Santo salad w/chicken and Toronja (w/Grapefruit Jarritos soda) Margarita. Mmmmm! Delicioso!! Dining partner ordered their Garbanzo/spinach soup w/bread - tasted his and blew me away!  Go and eat here. Just go.
One of those great "best kept secret" kind of places.  Food is exceptional and the service was great.  Quaint with great ambiance.
Went here the other night and I ordered the chopped salad, the pimientos, and some red sangria.   The pimientos, which are cooked peppers, were SOOOOO good! There were a few spicy peppers in there, which made this appetizer flavorful.   The chopped salad was the usual deliciousness. I got it without cheese and with the lime dressing instead of the creamy chipotle dressing they put on it. In the past I have had it with the chipotle dressing and it's reallllllly good.  The red sangria was good, a little sweet, but the fruit was plentiful and it was refreshing. I like sweet though, so it's all good.
The restaurant is styled after Spanish tapas bars, but with a diverse and creative menu with a Latin American influence.   Cute interior, plus outside patio. Fairly small, not many tables, but there was also a bar area where it looked like you could eat at the bar.   Food was quite good. The bruschetta plate was excellent.   I would definitely repeat.
Sofrita's has great Sangria and street tacos!  It is a fun place to eat, and you can even bring your dog and let them sit on the patio while you eat!
Came here with my parents for a nice dinner. The decor is great, and we were greeted and seated promptly. We ordered quite a bit and decided to share: Bacon wrapped dates: OMG delicious Calamari: Some of the best ive had in a long time, cooked perfectly and sauces were a great compliment Tostones: ehh.. the least favorite of our order Alcapuritas: DELICIOUS!! For dinner we shared the Ropa Vieja and the Pork, the pork was good but the Ropa Vieja was beyond amazing. All in all, the staff was beyond pleasant, helpful and attentive. The atmosphere was dark, romantic- but still family appropriate and the food was delicious. I highly, highly suggest you check it out!
Wow what a nice find in FH. The Sangria and afternoon Tapas plate for $12 was wonderful. Visiting from Chicago and highly recommend - will be back on our next trip.
Let me start by saying if they made six stars, this place would get them ALL!  Amazing and creative food, great atmosphere, not a chain, sweet and knowledgeable waitress... Why oh why Sofrita can't you be located in Old Town???!!  This cute little place has a mom-and-pop type charm with great décor and nice outdoor seating where you can view the fountain from.  We started off with the white wine Sangria, which was de-lish and then got the bruschetta board to split.  Chicken salad- Raspberry Mayo, Dried Cranberries & Smoked Salmon with capers and egg salad... Each bruschetta was better than the next.  Then the tamales, the shrimp street tacos, the street corn elote, tostones and finally these puffy bread treats.  From reading this you might think my boyfriend and I are either obese or part of a competition food eating team, but no both in fact are not true... the food was just that good we continued to order after we had eaten each morsel.  The waitress even applauded us for being "troopers", which I think meant we had eaten more than the party inside of ten, but we couldn't help ourselves.    This place is a MUST if you are in the area... I cannot wait until we make the journey out of our Old Town bubble and back up to this mouth-watering resto.
Over priced taco stand with little flair. Plastic silverware and wine is $9 a small glass in plastic. No thanks.
Excited to try this place after exploring Ftn Hills. Sangria- if you like your Sangria with a whole lotta sugar you'll like this stuff. Way too sweet for me, typically red sangria isn't so sweet. Bacon Wrapped Dates- were just ok. Tamales were good. Stopped after those 2 as we were underwhelmed.
A homerun, the tapas are a great size for sharing (as well as trying as many different items as possible).  I can't really comment on the sangria because I am not a great fan, however, the prickly pear margaritas were outstanding!  I think I have seen Carolyn harvesting fruit for these.  The atmosphere is fun, just remember that it is a small place, so during high season you will probably have a longer wait.  The food is worth the wait.
Unique inspired tapas- elegant rustic home cooked feel!!  The hunny drove me randomly out to fountain hills one date night.  He could not recall the name of the restaurant so I was getting a little frustrated!!!!  We came in here- he finally found it!  What a yummy gem!  Pros: Zucchini Corn cob Bacon wrapped dates  Red sangria  We also had the pork pernil- very good too!   This restaurant had a great staff, helpful server who gave us space but checked in at all the right times.  This is a perfect date night or family spot.  We ate our zuchinni so quickly the first time we ordered a second plate.  The flavors of everything were so unique but balanced you didn't want to stop eating.  Next time we must get dessert!! I can only imagine!
This was very good. We sat down and had drinks. The margarita was good but the sangria blanco was excellent. We ordered tacos. Rocket got the shrimp tacos. I ordered the chef's taco tasting. My taco were ok but the rockets shrimp tacos were awesome.  So when we return it shall be..... Sangria and shrimp tacos!!!
I cannot see why anyone would give such great reviews for this restaurant. There is not much to choose from in Fountain Hills, so that might explain the raves. Notice there are no real pictures of the restaurant on their website. There is a good reason, the interior is small, dark and cold, both in temperature and decor with maybe 8 tables. The bulk of the seating is outdoors and if eating on the sidewalk is your thing, then this might be your place.  The food is okay, it's a tapas place so you expect small plates and prices to go along with it. When portions and prices are not comparable, the word pricey comes to my mind. However, they do have wonderful multigrain breads, the freshest salads and deliciously brewed coffee.  Maybe we tried it on a bad day, but I would say the service was less than spectacular. We actually had to get up and walk to the door in order to get our check.  From our experience, there is nothing here to draw us back.
First time at this place and what a pleasant surprise. My wife and I come out to Fountain Hills for mountain biking and I think this may become one if our go-to places to eat post ride.   Food tasted great and presentation was also nice. Much more than I expected for the price.
Loved this place, best Sangrias!!! And the various bruschettas were so tasty.  I'll probably go back tomorrow night.  Can't wait!!
Sofrita was fantastic. The boyfriend and I were enjoying a little staycation at a resort nearby and wanted something good for dinner. We were not disappointed here. It was a Saturday night, and a little later (for Fountain Hills, anyway) so we got a table no problem. So many things looked good on the menu but we decided to start with the garbanzos fritos and share the pot roast tacos and a bruschetta board.  The garbanzos came out in a bowl and there was more than enough for the two of us. Overall the servings here were pretty big. They were crispy and crunchy. We didn't know if you were supposed to eat them like chips or with a fork so we did a little of both! Regardless of eating style, I loved them so much I kinda want to figure out how to make them at home now.  Next came the pot roast tacos and the bruschetta. First the tacos. We were expecting a few little tacos - you know, meat in a tortilla? So when they brought out a big bowl of basically pot roast stew with a few tortillas on the side we were pretty surprised. But we dug in and just ate the meat and veggies as is, occasionally using the tortillas more like dipping bread. So like the garbanzos I don't know if we ate it "right" but it was delicious regardless.  Then there was the bruschetta. This I knew how to eat - haha! They do not skimp on toppings on these things. We got one with dates and cream cheese - loaded with dates. So good. The artichoke one was really tasty too.  It was all tasty. I honestly enjoyed everything we tried. We don't go to Fountain Hills very often (like pretty much never) but that may change now that we found Sofrita. It'd be worth the drive from the south end of town.
I'm a big fan of many of our Fountain Hills, locally owned and operated restaurants - but Sofrita is probably my favorite of all! Largely a tapas-based restaurant, some of the best things on the menu are the small bites that are meant to be shared with the whole table. I love its close, warm atmosphere inside, and it has the dog-friendliest patio outside. A pan of water and a cookie from Spike's Treats is delivered right away, for all furry patrons. Also, the patio is perfect for relaxing on a non-summer day, for people watching and of course, for watching the fountain blow, every hour  For breakfast, I've had the chilaquiles, the huevos rancheros, and the bruschetta board on various occasions, and they're all really good! The chilaquiles are an especial favorite with yolks cooked perfectly-oozy making it an egg-ophile's dream come true! And the bruschetta board (smoked salmon, caribbean toast, and the hash mash are my favorites) is plenty for two...or enough to bring half home for a yummy second breakfast later on  As mentioned before, my favorites for lunch and dinner are the tapas. Warm nuts, tostones, zucchini, street corn, the afternoon/evening bruschetta board (this time, my favorites are smoked salmon, brie with apples and jam, olive tapenade with goat cheese, cilantro hummus, mozzarella and red peppers)...are all super yummy! But I think my absolute favorite are the bacaladitos - served piping hot, in a paper cone, with lime mayonnaise on the side...these are the best, crunchy-on-the-outside-pillowy-&-chewy-on-the-inside salt cod fritters you'll ever have!   I've also had the salmon narania (I would kill to be able to figure out the glaze and sauce), and the pork pernil (unctuous and glorious)  And, they're constantly trying new things and changing the menu, based on seasonal availability and weather-appropriateness. I love seeing them post on facebook that they're "experimenting" with something new, that it's available "now!" - and that I'm just a two minute drive away from benefitting from the quick notice  It truly is a little gem!
The food has always been terrific but now the service is equal to the cuisine.  The reason is pretty straightforward a new manager John I believe.  He has the place humming.  No more long waits for food. Terrific attitude from everyone.  It's great to have a real professional managing the restaurant its such a jewel!
We are here visiting our good friends in Fountain Hills. They raved about this place and so we decided to try it for a lunch. (Our friends came with us). We were very disappointed.   1. Service was awful! Our waitress acted like she was doing us a service to wait on us. We waited over 30 minutes to even get out drinks. She spilled two drinks on us at separate times. First time she didn't say anything and the second time she offered to get us a wet towel. Never apologized.  2. The food. We had heard how great the food was, and even with the bad service we stayed excited to eat. It wasn't good at all. Cold when it came out, and overall tasteless. Their house tomatillo salsa was overly salty and not tasteful at all. Not one of the members of our party finished their meal.   Overall we were very dissatisfied. Even our friends from fountain hills expressed their annoyance. Them, along with us, won't be back.
All I can say is YUMMMMM. Great sangria and have the bruschetta sampler to share. Hummus one is my favorite. Per other reviews I had the shrimp tacos and they lived up to the reputation. They are great. Finished everything off with coconut flan and another sangria
This restaurant is amazing! We know the owner/chef personally and really enjoyed what we ordered....and we ordered a lot! I suggest starting off with a sangria, white or red, I chose red and it was perfectly sweet. My husband got the Ropa Vieja and I got the Pork Pernil which was cooked for 12 hours. Don't forget to end your perfect evening with their wonderful selection of coffee. My husband got the Cafe Cubano which was a small double shot coffee BUT I GOT THE CAFE RICO! Amaze balls, super strong coffee like I lot with rum and Kahula. Let's just say I was feeling like a million bucks after that Cafe Rico, lol. Sofrita's may be in Fountain Hills but is a short trip away from Mesa, Tempe, Scottsdale, Phoenix or Glendale. Don't miss out! OH AND IT IS PET FRIENDLY!
I really enjoyed it! It's far from our house in PHX but I saw it on a local TV show and had to try it. The service was very friendly. We had bruschetta and soup, salad, and tacos. I liked the black bean taco the best and the tortillas are fresh, homemade. The drinks looked fabulous but we had tea. I will go back for sangria or margaritas and bring friends. My bruschetta was divine even as leftovers! Everything was high quality and fresh, lovely tomatoes, salad greens. Very small dining area.....so make a reservation if you plan to go. Or sit outside if the weather is nice. Enjoy!
One of the best restaurants we have been to since moving to Scottsdale 7 years ago. Worth the drive to Fountain Hills. Great food, service and it's dog friendly. A restaurant trifecta.
I think the high reviews of Sofrita must simply be a function of the limited dining options in Fountain Hills as this is the worst excuse for tapas that I've ever had.  We walked in and were greeted by a strange, musty smell that remained pervasive throughout the meal.  We should have taken that as an indication of what was to come and left, but based on the great reviews, decided to stay.  Big mistake.  I ordered a red sangria which was okay, but had a strange flavor of figs or dates so I'm not sure if it was just made with old wine that had turned and took on a prune juice flavor or if that taste was intentional.  We ordered the olives, fried potatoes, grilled zucchini, shisito peppers, and four different types of bruschetta.  The olives were, well, olives (tough to ruin those) but also contained some off-putting caperberries that we avoided.  The grilled zucchini was just plain zucchini with no seasoning whatsoever served with a side of what looked like potato salad as a dip, but we never really could identify what that substance was as it had absolutely no flavor so we opted to avoid the fat that it was obviously adding to the zucchini.  The shisito peppers had no spice or flavor at all and were absolutely swimming in oil.  I've never had a "roasted" pepper that was so soaked in grease.  The waitress asked if we didn't like the peppers when she noticed that all but a few remained and when we pointed out how greasy they were, politely took them off the bill.  The four pieces of bruschetta were all of different varieties: roasted eggplant; ripe tomatoes; avocado and beans; and grilled artichoke with cheese.  The bread was thick and chewy and none of the bruschettas had much flavor at all.  In fact, I think if I had just closed my eyes and randomly selected one off the plate, I probably wouldn't have been able to tell which it was.  The fried potato wedges were actually the best part of the meal, which is sad when the best item is a simple fried potato.  The atmosphere was severely lacking as there were candles on all of the tables and numerous votives on the walls, but not a single one was lit.  The restroom was extremely dark and was absolutely filled with unlit votive candles so I'm not sure if this was an attempt at saving costs, but had I known this, I would have gladly spared a box of votives from home just to create some sort of ambiance while we ate.  The place is also incredibly tiny so I have no idea where the flamenco band and dancers that other reviews have spoken of would perform.  If anyone tried to move through there, they would literally be bumping into tables.    While I love tapas style dining, if this were the only tapas restaurant that there was, I would gladly forego the experience.  Needless to say, we won't be back.
Very satisfied!  Great food! Quiet!  Perfect!  New to Fountain Hills. This is the place we were looking for
I went to Sofrita 30min before closing time and I was pleasantly surprised with outstanding service and food! The grilled salmon was perfect! The decoration was lovely and the restaurant was very clean. The waitress was exceptional and represented the restaurant t well. The relaxing  "Bossa Nova" songs played in the background was a nice touch too. No doubt  it's one of the best restaurants in Fountain Hills.
My girlfriend and I tried this restaurant. It was new, and delicious.   For two people + dessert, the bill was ~$48.
I drove all the way from Phoenix to find a bit of Puerto Rican food. The lunch menu was very small with very few items to choose from. When I ordered a side of Tostones ( a typical PR item) the waitress said they are out of season. WHAT? We ordered tacos with pernil and rope vieja, and I can honestly say they were the worst street tacos I have ever had. If you are looking for a small taste of Puerto Rican food, this is not the place. I know Puerto Rican foods are very time consuming and I can say this restaurant has taken the lazy Americanized route making this restaurant at the bottom of my list.
Took Mom here for lunch on May 1st.  She was looking forward to it, as she had seen Sofrita's segment on Check Please! Arizona on DVR the night a few days before, while I had just seen it the previous night, although I've bookmarked to try this place for many months now, ever since I saw it advertised in the defunct Redendo's Pizzeria on FLW.  Mom ordered the Shrimp Street Tacos, which she very much enjoyed. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sofrita-fountain-hills-2?select=XheSZOnLvhbEccywz17GsA#XheSZOnLvhbEccywz17GsA  I asked what in particular was the best part of this dish for her, and she said that the shrimp were of very good quality- big and great texture. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sofrita-fountain-hills-2?select=mKqlv2n89udvqZ5NxN1-QQ#mKqlv2n89udvqZ5NxN1-QQ  I had the bruschetta board, choice of four, which Mom was also looking forward to trying, since it was featured on the show.  I ordered it, because it was one of the few items I could try (other than the salads) since the tacos were all encased in corn tortillas (corn allergy).  Their website mentions sandwiches, but I don't recall seeing any listed in their one-page menu...  I chose (from left to right) Cilantro hummus- awesome flavors, and one of my favorites of the four; Red pepper hummus- didn't impress me, but I've had a sensitivity to red bell peppers over the past few years, but Mom loved this one (!); Smoked salmon (with egg salad El Diablo and capers, and diced cucumbers as well, for those who are allergic to cukes)... this was another one I liked; and Chicken salad (with raspberry mayo and dried cranberries)- took me a couple of bites transitioning from the smoked salmon for me to enjoy this one.  I liked the textural differences from the soft mouth-feel of smoked salmon and egg salad to the chunky grilled chicken cubes and chewy dried cranberries.  Mom didn't care for it. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sofrita-fountain-hills-2?select=8lgYMMl2ej3wAyJJtxxk7Q#8lgYMMl2ej3wAyJJtxxk7Q  And last, but certainly not the least, was the star of the show... Postre de caramelo, or simply "Santa Marta," a yellow cake, which reminded me of pineapple upside-down's yellow cake, with a layer of flan on top, toffee crumbles, and caramel and cream sauces drizzled on top.  I had the berries on the side due to an allergy (yes, it sucks to be me).  The two-sauce combo also gave the yellow cake a slight "tres leches cake" flavor, which I love.  This was a big hit with Mom!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sofrita-fountain-hills-2?select=wdwuhI4KDoUYz3cU1IAVoQ#wdwuhI4KDoUYz3cU1IAVoQ  3.25 stars for now, but we definitely want to go back.  Mom wasn't happy about the prices, but our server, who I later found out was the manager (chatted her up after Mom left and I paid the bill), and the kitchen were willing to work with my allergies and tried to accommodate.  I love that the area is across the water fountain!  I somehow missed the fountain on my way to the restaurant (we came in separate cars), and I was on my way home when I spotted it across the street, so I parked at the shopping complex and went for a stroll.  I want to take Mom back to Sofrita, so that she and I can have a stroll after.  That is, if I can talk her into it...  Btw, the fountain comes alive on the hour, every hour, and I was lucky to catch the show before it turned off around the 15-minute mark.  p.s.  The unisex restroom was quaintly-decorated (unlit ritual candles, wood sculptures, etc).  It's dark in there, which may have contributed to the slight urine odor I detected, possibly from little boys (and/or perhaps drunk men) missing their marks?  I didn't want to stay long enough to find out.  I meant to say something to our server on my way out, but got sidetracked talking about Redendo's former pizzeria location on FLW that was sold a couple of years ago.
very good food.  very nice ambiance.  nice drinks specialties.   I'd have preferred to be seated downstairs - but that is a personal preference I guess.  If you are in the neighborhood anyway this is a good solid choice with some generous tasty tacos, great beans and garlic-y rice.  Taking all that into account, we don't live nearby and there was nothing magic to draw me to come back.  There's nothing wrong at all with the service, quality or presentation - just no sparks.
Man I wish this place didnt exist!!!!   Bad service!!! Food was ok at best.  Even if the food was better the service sucked so bad I'll never go back!!!
This is a RE-review of Fuego Tacos. I visited the first week and gave it 2 stars for a long wait, small portion size, and poor food quality. I received a note from the owner saying things had been changed around and re-tooled after the first few weeks of opening jitters and I am glad I listened to him. (First of all, kudos to the owner for caring about customers and genuinely responding to feedback!).  So today, my friend and I went back for lunch. She had the barbacoa tacos and I had the baja fish tacos. I sampled the meat in the barbacoa tacos and it was excellent; moist, very flavorful and well apportioned.   The fish tacos were a delight. The panko bread crumb coating kept them nice and crisp, (They are a far cry from the typical greasy fried stuff you might find at a lesser restaurant). And they were very filling. The rice and beans were a perfect complement.  Portion size was generous. I felt like I got my money's worth. When you consider the area and the other options, they are right in line with, or a little below typical Esplanade/Biltmore pricing.   Our service was great. While we were some of the first customers, the restaurant was nearing full capacity when we left and our service didn't diminish at all. The waiter was attentive and witty and got us our check early, without us even asking. This is a lunch place for a lot of the employees in the Esplanade, so it is nice when servers recognize that we have limited lunch time.  We were in and out of the restaurant in under 30 minutes, which is remarkable. The food was served fresh and prompt; the check was delivered before we asked for it; our plates were cleared quickly; my water glass never went below halfway. All-in-all, a very positive experience and one that earned repeat business from someone who eats food nearly every day.
Stopped in for a quick plate of tacos. Had the Living Social deal so seemed worth a stop.  Menu is small, but contains a pretty good mix of tacos. Each plate has two tacos plus rice and beans. Chicken, pork, fish, and veggie were all availble in one form or another.  I opted for the chicken street tacos. Tasty, tender, thigh meat topped with veggies and cheese. Winner, winner chicken dinner in my book.  Would return and likely booze it up a bit as well. The changing colors on the bar were a bit funky, but place has a good vibe.
I've been in 3 times now.  Every time it's gotten better.  I have the VIP card, so I usually stick to the happy hour tacos.  The ground beef tacos are amazing.  Great flavors with a nice crunch.  The pork tacos are tasty too.  Not a huge fan of the chicken street taco, a little bland.  The salsa has changed for the worse, but really good salsa is hard to find.  It tastes a little spaghetti-saucey.  I have to say the drink prices are unbeatable.  $5 or less!  I frequent Merc bar and have been hitting Fuego Tacos for dinner before I head there.  The drinks are stronger and 1/2 the price of Merc drinks.  Definitely stop in for a few before your evening out!  Fuego Tacos, you're on the right track!  Can't wait to try some of the other tacos next time I'm in :)
Went for dinner last night because I bought a Living Social coupon worth $10.  They gave us chips and salsa right away. The salsa isn't my favorite, but nothing bad about it. the chips were great! (and maybe I was hungry too...) The taco plates are all around $10. I had the baja fish. The tacos were packed full and very generous portion of fish! The fish has a great crispy panko crust and the cabbage was topped with a fantastic spicy aoili. the bf had the special, which was the red snapper tacos. The server came back and said they only had enough fish for one taco so he could choose one other taco. He chose the carnitas. I tried his snapper taco, which seemed a bit fishy, but that was immediately after eating my tilapia baja taco. He liked it just fine. He also had no complaints with his carnitas taco.   I ordered a Dark and Stormy, which I was excited to see on the menu. The bartender was very generous with the rum, which is usually a good thing, but I would have liked more ginger beer. But all the drinks are only $5! Unless you're there during happy hour, in which they're even cheaper. Service was very good. Our bill came to $26 which I think is pretty darn good for 2 great meals (even took almost all the rice and beans from both our plates home for leftovers) and a cocktail. I do hope this place succeeds, as, unfortunately, many in the esplanade have not. Overall, great experience. I'll definitely be back!!
I also bought the living social coupon and decided to use it for lunch today. I had the Short Rib Barbacoa and it was quite tasty. The chips and salsa, black beans, and rice that came with the meal were good as well.  I'll definitely head back over there for happy hour sometime.
It saddens me to write such a bad review for one reason - I might be Fuego Bistro's biggest fan.  So you can imagine how excited I was when I heard they were opening a taco place right around the corner from where I live.  Sometimes excitement quickly turns to disappointment and sadness, and such is the case with Fuego Tacos.  Let's just go start to finish: -Salsa is inedible.  Way too spicy, and not good spicy, it's damn take this away spicy -Drinks - half the size of the ones at Fuego Bistro, no good.  Not enough alcohol and the Sangria (which is top-notch at Bistro) tasted more like red Kool Aid -Food - not so good.  I got the veggie tacos, which tasted more like a taco shell filled with sweet (not good-sweet, bad-sweet) corn salsa. -Service - not too bad, but management response was a turn off.  We went in with Enamor coupons that clearly stated there were no limits, and they would only let us use one even though we were 2 parties with 2 checks.  Owner was called on the phone and didn't provide a great response. -Atmosphere - would be awesome, but not for this place.  More of a trendy could-be club guised as a fancy taco place.  Please, check out the reviews for Fuego Bistro and go there.  It quite possibly offers the best food, service, and patio dining in Phoenix.  Fuego Tacos needs an overhaul, and I can for sure say I won't be back.
This place is worth a visit. Go for the happy hour.  There have been some changes in the staff and kitchen, which have definitely been for the positive.
Yesterday I tried Fuego Tacos and they were fabulous.  I have long been a fan of Fuego Bistro, so I wanted to sample their tacos. I was not disappointed.  I had the slow cooked pork tacos.  When you go get the roasted corn to add to them.  It is delicious.  They have a fantastic happy hour too.  This is now the best place to grab a bite before heading to the movies.  I can not wait to try their other tacos.
I am so sad, I wanted to like this place.  What a disappointment! I love Fuego Bistro and I take several friends to dinner there.  I am glad the couple who was to join us at Fuego Tacos couldn't make it.  I wouldn't have wanted them to think that Fuego Bistro is similar.  It is a completely different  ball game.  The place is nice, but it is as cold as a meat locker (ambiance wise) and the waiters are as stiff and lifeless as mortuary clients.  The drinks were nowhere near as tasty as the ones at FB. We had a couple of tacos and left, we wanted to salvage the rest of our date night.
Kudo's to Fuego Tacos....its a funky small cozy space with a good HH and good HH food (tough combo). I have tried the ground beef tacos, the carne asada, snapper and the pork. All were very good....and HOORAY for keeping the creamed corn (there was a rumor that they were going to pull the plug but that was quickly squashed with a quick petition from patrons). Our favorite bartender Jen is rocking the drink specials including that spicy jalapeno margarita. If you are inclined to cozy up to a table then the handsome and charming Matt M. will gladly take very good care of you. The space is great for a LUNCH, A quick bite and cocktail before a movie, a HH get together or a sweet and cozy tryst with the significant other... any which way it is well worth the stop....oh and I almost forgot to mention for those of you that know Holly from Ticoz she is also on board spinning the magic in the kitchen.....my only complaint is that they don't serve the entire Fuego Bistro menu but then I guess it wouldn't be called "Fuego Tacos"
We love Fuego Bistro and were excited to see this new version pop up in the Esplanade. It's a hip reincarnation of the bar that used to be there; great little spot and it was nice and breezy with the windows open. The food is spot on, very reminiscent of Big Brother Bistro but priced with the common man in mind. All entrees are around $10 and are perfectly portioned to eat the whole plate without feeling totally bloated and stuffed.   Husband ordered the Pernil tacos, which were very succulent and savory. I had the baja fish tacos, which were nicely crispy and had a mildly spicy aoili. The beans and rice were also excellent.   People have complained about the salsa, but we thought it was nicely tomatoey and garlicky with just a little heat.   $4/$5 beers and drinks, pretty good deal.   Lost a star for service. Our service was terrible tonight; the waitress didn't give us a chance to order drinks when she brought us our menus, then only took my husband's drink order when she came back, then forgot to bring me my drink until my husband reminded her AFTER she brought our meals. I feel that such spotty service would have warranted a free drink at the Bistro (or anywhere). Instead she just got a skimpy tip.   The other servers seemed to be plenty attentive, though; maybe ours was just having an off night.   Go for the food, drinks, and cute location.
I have been there a few times now and unfortunately the menu changed in the week between my visits, but both the chicken tacos and the veggie tacos are both good.  I preferred the corn over rice, but the manager said there was a problem with too many dishes to carry.  The server took almost 15 minutes returning our cards after taking them to swipe for payment which was a bit unnerving.  Its a bit dark and stuffy upstairs, but the downstairs area is nice.
After roaming around in the wrong outside mall forever, I was finally pointed towards the Esplanade and there it was, Fuego Tacos. Today being a 90 degree day, the windows were open and it felt airy though I really wish they had a patio. Upon arrival, my charming server Matt immediately recognized my immediate need of a drink....adore him! Service is fast, personalized and the food came quick and it was delish. Matt definitely looked out for me and 10 min into Fuego, I was less of a stressed girl already. The place is nice, if I had to change anything it would be the availability of a patio and the music which was somewhat popish. I could also do without the battery operated candle votives on each table but those are just minor complaints of a notoriously picky woman. Thanks Fuego Tacos for being exactly what I needed you to be on this random Thursday. I will be back.
Great upscale sitdown taco restaurant from the folks who run the fabulous Fuego Bistro.  $8 - $10 at lunch gets you two substantial tacos, black beans and arroz con gandules (tasty rice with pigeon peas).  Pernil Asado (marinated pork shoulder with mango chile salsa) was fabulous and my colleague loved her veggie tacos.  Downsides -- a bit dark inside and service is just o.k. (attentive but not particularly pleasant/inviting).  Well worth another visit.
Got a 15% off instant coupon for checking end! THAT TRULY RULES! Thanks Jeff, this rules.
Love the Fuego Bistro, have high hopes for this place.  Unfortunately the place has two obstacles to overcome.  First, the Esplanade is a dead space in terms of retail.  Just ask Picazzo's and their failed two month experiment.  Second, for as much as you try you just can't put a tux on a taco.  You can do that with burgers- Delux, Grind, etc...- but the taco shines best when it comes from the street. Having said that it has decent value for what you get and the tacos are fairly inventive and tasty.
Like others, I'm a big fan of Fuego Bistro so when a Living Social coupon was offered for Fuego Tacos I purchased it and headed over.   The menu is small (not a bad thing in my opinion) and there is an extensive drink list. I was somewhat disappointed that they don't offer all of the Mojito flavors like they do at Fuego Bistro. I ordered a regular Mojito and it wasn't that great.   The food was really, really good. I think for the price (ranging between $9-$11 a plate) the amount of food is perfect. The tacos are rather large and are accompanied by two large sides of rice and beans. The rice was incredible. Our server talked us into the churros ($4) for dessert which were also pretty good, nothing incredible though.  I will definitely be back to try more tacos. I worry about how the restaurant will do in this location since it is dead at night, the restaurant itself was pretty empty on a Friday at 8pm when we went! Maybe they do well with the business lunch crowd?
This is the second time that I decided to give Fuego a try. The first time I came on a Sunday and they were closed. They really need to get a GRIP on their schedule. Yelp states that they were open. Nope CLOSED. I called and there was just an answer machine. Strange.   I called on a Tuesday at 8:35 p.m. and was told that they will still seat and serve until 9 p.m. When I got there at 8:45 p.m. they said their kitchen was closed. Uhhh! Then I told the host that I just called and drove to the restaurant for tacos. Then they seated me. I really think that this restaurant does not have a clue.   Tacos - Pork and Carne Asada tacos were not even comparable to Chipotles.   Sangria - Not good. Two thumbs down. White and Red both failed. Took a few sips and trashed.   Chips and the mild salsa was the only okay thing.   I asked if they had hot sauce and they looked confused. Wait?!? Is this not called Fuego Taco?     Definitely would not come back ever!
The service (ask for Matt) was tremendous...perhaps the best experience we've had with a server in Phoenix. Prices aren't cheap, but the quality is terrific, both in drinks and food. I recommend the Mojito and the pernil tacos. I'm glad this place is walking distance.  Only quibble: the techno beats fits the decor, but I wasn't into it.
Groupon users beware! A friend and I went to try Fuego Tacos on Saturday night, each of us holding a $10-for-$3 Groupon. Given that the Groupon (legitimately) included the one-Groupon-per-table restriction, we opted to sit at the bar to allow us to each use our Groupon. Both the bartender and manager refused to honor the Groupons, on the basis that we "walked in together" and that the "boss" would be very upset if they honored both.  We opted to go elsewhere on principle. The printed terms clearly stated that Groupons were to be limited to 1 per table, not 1 per "party" or "people walking in together." I do not believe this interpretation is unreasonable or overly legalistic. The Groupon would have covered less than half of our respective bills, after drinks and dessert. A pity, to have to post a star rating on the basis of policy rather than food quality...
I personally LOVE the location of this place.  My husband and I were long-time patrons of Nixon's and we were so bummed when it left.  This place did a great job of using the cool space that was already there and revamping it to make it their own.  I LOVE the ambiance.   It's still low-key, still has that hole in the wall flavor, but with good lighting, good décor, and a comfy vibe.  The staff there is hilarious.  I love that they are themselves, have personality, and seem to genuinely enjoy their customers.    The cocktails are great.  They carry Tito's vodka, which is a huge plus in my book.  The margarita/sangria mix was a little too sweet for my taste, but my waiter was nice enough to swap it out for a great plain margarita, made to be not sweet.  Excellent!  The food is fantastic.  The tortilla shells were nice and chewy and the filling was perfectly seasoned.  I'm not a huge fan of rice and beans, so I ordered a single taco ala cart and shared a taco plate with my husband.  Even though the tacos looked small on the plate to me, they were really satisfying and the perfect size.    We will definitely be going back!  Soon!
First of all, Groupon users don't have to be aware of anything, as stated in a previous review. It clearly says 1 per table and the bar isn't a table. Duh!. My hubby and I went last night.  We were seated very quickly and our great server Ricky came within minutes. He is a very pleasant person and a great asset to the business. Also, even from a distance, a blonde girl, who bartending, beamed with energy and was interacting with those at the bar all the time. It didn't go unnoticed. What a great atmosphere. My husband ordered the pernil, as he does at the bistro. I had the chicken. We were given the chips and salsa, the salsa could use a bit more tang, but over all good. Hubby also ordered the fuego (fuego) margaritha, with jalapenos, chilis and habaneros. He loves hot and boy it made him sweat, so he loved it. I had the mojito, staying on the save, but yet yummy drink, side. We were wondering how they ever got that great chandelier up, must have been a nice job to do :) The place beams with atmosphere and I really hope they will succeed. Groupon is a great way to introduce your business to the people. We would have never found the bistro if not for groupon. We will be back and tell others about this great, little spot.
My partner and I went on a Living Social coupon, and we really enjoyed it. She had the Fish Tacos and I had the Chicken Tacos.  Both of us felt that the salsa on the table was too spicy. With so many reviews here and other places about the "too hot" salsa, you'd think they'd cut it back a bit. Anyway, that was the only thing we didn't like. The homemade chips were fantastic.  The service was on the ball and the food was fresh. As an aside,I don't know why they opened at Esplanade. Management there is supposed to be terrible and there are rumors that the theater will be closing. Houstons has already moved out, Pizza Picazzo closed. But Fuego Tacos is a great addition to the neighborhood. Let's hope that this merchant and others who remain at Esplanade can convince management to take care of the evil smells coming out of the septic and fix the elevators when they break every week. This restaurant deserves a community that will support and nourish it. Good job Fuego Tacos.
This place is AWESOME!!   When we went in we didn't have to wait even for a minute (which may be good or bad......hmm).  They seated us right away and took our drink orders immediately.  Upon returning with our drinks they also brought us some pretty delicious chips and salsa that was the perfect amount of spicy.  We ordered food and they were more than happy to accommodate our interesting requests.  Our food took the perfect amount of time to come.  Long enough to know it was made well but not so long that we were wondering what the heck was taking so long.    The food was delicious, cooked to perfection, and just enough.  When you order you may wonder if this will be enough food for you, but don't stress, it is more than enough to fill you up.  All taco plates come with rice, beans and two tacos.  I'm not crazy about beans so they were more than happy to replace my beans with rice.  It was DELICIOUS.   I had my daughter with me so I did not get to experience the $5.00 drinks but I can guarantee that when I go back (and I will go back) that  I will be jumping on that train right away.
Another groupon purchase, another new restaurant to try that I would not have know about if I had not. And am I ever glad that I found that groupon! This location is in the Esplanade in Phoenix, and there were not many people down there when we went tonight around 7pm. This could either work in their favor, or against it. Could go either way at this point. But it was good for me because I hate waiting for tables and I hate crowded restaurants. Neither of which I had to deal with today. Got in right as we walked in the door, and there were only another 20 or so people in.   We sit down and our waitress promptly takes our drink orders. I ordered tea that for some reason tasted like chap-stick. The waitress took it away and off of our bill. Thank you! I also ordered the Hawaiian punch, and HO-LY SHIT! That thing had so much alcohol in it, I am STILL recovering. Half way through the drink and I was pretty much buzzed. And $5 for all alcoholic drinks?? Yes please!  So I went with my mom, husband and sister. I got the vegetarian tacos which were really spicy and good. Next time I think though I will get them with the soft taco shells. I was not too crazy about the hard shells. And their beans are amazing!! Have I told you how much I love beans? I especially love vegetarian black beans, and an entire plate of them. SO GOOD! My husband got the baja fish tacos, mom got street tacos I think, and my sister another meat taco. All were happy with their choices. And even though it looks like not that much food, everyone except the half drunk me left food on their plates. They are really filling.   Thank god I bought two groupons because I will definitely be coming back here for some more drinks and tacos.
Came back here a couple weeks ago when my niece was in town. This time, the bartender was our server. I can't remember what my niece had but she gobbled it up so it must not have been bad.... I had the roasted pork that was super good!   I ordered another dark and stormy (as I did on my previous visit) but this time it came in a BIGGER glass and was just as strong as it was in the little glass :) and I was driving. So when she came back and asked how the drink was I told her it was good but a bit strong. She made a joke about her drinks being too strong, then brought me the remaining (almost full) can of ginger beer so I could dilute it, which was quite nice. As soon as lent is over, I'm going back!
I've read some of the not so glowing reviews about this place and wonder if these people were at a different restaurant.  I have been about 6 times now and never leave disappointed.  I have tried most everything on the menu and haven't experienced a miss yet.  The short rib tacos are heaven on a tortilla, the signature pernil (slow roated pork) can not be missed, the chicken street are amazing and the shrimp are all among my favorites.  Great drinks at rockin prices are a big draw and both the red and white sangria are terrific.  Jen behind the bar does a great job.  The waiter Matt sets the standard for service.  Attentive, charming and knowledgable he anticipates your needs before you do.   The Esplanade can be a tough location and Fuego Taco is a much needed great addition.  Go today and support this great local business. You will be glad you did.
As a huge fan of Fuego Bistro, I was ecstatic to try Fuego Tacos when I heard of its opening. I arrived to Fuego Tacos with fairly high expectations, because of my past experiences at Fuego Bistro. I am also a tough critic when it comes to tacos and pretty much any food of Mexican origin, because I come from a Mexican family and was raised on the U.S./Mexico border.  It turns out that Fuego Tacos impressed me just as much as Fuego Bistro. The complimentary chips and salsa were to die for. The chips were made fresh and served warm and the salsa was one of the best of that style that I have had in greater Phoenix. I decided on the Short Rib Barbacoa tacos because of the amazing short rib dish at Fuego Bistro; they were fantastic. I savored every last bite of the sweet, yet slightly spicy barbacoa filled corn tortillas.   While I did not get one of the signature Fuego Mojitos, I am sure that they are equally fantastic as those served at Furgo Bistro. I did, however, order the churros served with a warm chili-infused chocolate dipping sauce for for dessert; this was a perfect final touch to the meal.   In addition to the high-quality and flavorful cuisine served at Fuego Tacos, the service was absolutely incredible. Our server was attentive, but not so much that we couldn't enjoy the meal. He was also helpful in explaining different menu items to us and was a genuinely fun person; he definitely made my experience.   Fuego Tacos has a rustic yet modern ambiance, which suits their innovative approach at a classic Mexican dish. The only thing that would have made this dining experience even more perfect would have been the option of ordering guacamole with the chips and salsa. I would be interested to see what the chefs of the Fuego restaurants could do with this classic appetizer and compliment to tacos.
Ambeiance is appealing, service is friendly & attentive. Hawaiian punch is to die for! I highly recommend the fish taco's, very filling. The ONLY negative is the hours, only open till 9 week days and 10 fri & sat.
I seriously think this place gets better every time I go! Went again last night. We split the crispy shrimp tacos and the short rib barbacoa. SOOOO good! I like the dressing they put on the shrimp, but the sauce for the barbacoa was also great! This time I veered from my dark and stormy to get a mai tai that was delicioso. and I can't get over how much I LOVE their chips and salsa (normally I couldn't care less about chips and salsa but here I continue to eat them long after I'm full of tacos, rice and beans!)
So, I debated long and hard about whether I should write this review. Though I am so much in love with the place that I would gladly give it 10 stars if I could, I also don't want it to become one of those popular places where its hip to be seen, and where the wait times are mythically long.   It's definitely one of my fave finds in Phoenix. We decided to check it out on a random weekend with a coupon we got from Groupon. Having visited their big sister restaurant, Fuego Bistro, I knew what to expect, but was floored by the experience, nonetheless. I think this place would be perfect for a date...it's cosy, quiet and the tables have faux candles, so no reason for clumsy/ overly nervous people on their first date to cause a fire!!  One thing though, the place is hard to locate. We circled around a bit, with the GPS insisting we had reached our destination, when all we could see were commercial looking buildings, and a hotel. We finally called the restaurant and were asked to drive into the parking lot of the AMC mall, as the entrance was more easily located from there. That's true. But I wish they would put up some signs out front on Camelback.   I was a tad annoyed with this, but as soon as I sat down at the restaurant, I was over it. It was quite empty for a Saturday night, with just one other family in there, apart from us, and Jason (I think his name was Jason, and he was the owner) said that was because they were fairly new. He was really charming, and helped me pick items from the menu. I got a red sangria and a combo of pernil asado and the short rib tacos. My friend got the short rib and the carne asada tacos, with beer.  I don't think I have ever been as impressed with the flavor of rice and beans in a taco plate, as I was as Fuego. The rice was so flavorsome and fragrant, and the tacos of course were superb. Very tender, juicy and flavorful meat. They were too much for me to finish, so I got leftovers for the next day!  Jason was extremely attentive, and offered to replace the bland salsa we got initially, with some fiery hot salsa. And did I mention the chips? They were so warm and fresh! It was a pleasure to be served by someone who has great passion for his restaurant, and is knowledgeable about his food.  We sat by a window that overlooked the entrance to the AMC mall (currently closed). It was a nice breezy evening, and everything was just perfect. Jason offered us a tour of the place, but while we were eating, several more people came in, and we decided to take him up on his offer the next time we go to Fuego. And that's going to be very soon!
I have no idea what this place is like at night, or during the weekday lunch rush, but for lunch on a Saturday...it's perfect.  Not very busy, so its easy to get a spot at the small bar, or about any table you would want.  I prefer to sit at the bar during the day.  It's also the best way to get to know a new spot.  Tacos are great, but the pernil asada tacos are excellent.  Chips and salsa are fresh and the salsa has a nice kick.  Highly reccomend the jalepeno infused margarita.  Amazing how many truly awful margaritas are available in the valley, but they do them very well here.  Prices are more than reasonable and the happy hour prices are great.  Hopefully this place can be the start of bringing back The Esplanade.
So I decided to wait until I wasn't tipsy to write my update of Fuego Tacos. I went again last night for my birthday and had a fantastic meal. The chips that come out when you sit down are warm and fresh and super crispy and they are probably the best chips I have ever had in a restaurant. The salsa is so good and has a really nice kick of spicy that I love. The drinks are super strong, I ordered a Long Island Iced Tea, which I like because I don't drink often (in fact the last time I drank was the last time I was at Fuego Tacos) but when I do drink I want to feel buzzed and these drinks will get you there about halfway through one drink. Either that or I am a super lightweight. The specialty drinks on the menu are $5, but I guess custom drink orders not on the menu are a bit more because my Long Island was $7. Beer I think is $4.   I ordered the spicy vegetable tacos again but this time with soft shells, and they were much better. I didn't even finish them this time because I was so full. I also got a full plate of black beans again. They make me happy. My husband got the shrimp tacos and he liked them much better than the fish tacos he got last time. We also ordered the churros and they were delicious. Hot and crispy with what our waiter called a spicy chocolate dipping sauce but I didn't taste anything spicy. Tasted more like bananas to me. But it was good either way. Our waiter was fantastic. He said things like "love it" and it made me laugh.   It sad to walk through the Esplanade and it not be busy at all. It seems strange to put this restaurant in this location since it doesn't seem to be doing well. Hopefully they can pull through and are here for a long time because I love this place.
This place is hidden in the Esplanade.  I never knew it existed until my Manager mentioned it for our team lunch.  I am always across the street for lunch or dinners.  And boy, I have been missing out!!!   I love the super contemporary and casual feel to the place.  The music made me feel like I was in a nightclub (good tunes and mixes) but it does not suit everyone in our party.  Oh well!    We were greeted immediately and sat upstairs.  The place only had about 6 tables total during the lunch rush (not too good).  The served free homemade chips and salsa.  The chips are warm, fresh, and super super crisp.  I love them.  I didn't even need salsa for the chips.  They are AWESOME!  The best chips I have ever had.  Yes, EVER!    I love the simple menu.  I opted out for the one of the specials, quesadilla with chicken street meat and cheese.  The tortilla was just very good not just like a regular flour store brought kind, this sucka was fresh.  The chicken street meat was the BOMB (slow roasted and braised with garlic clove, rosemary, and citrus juices).  OMG, PARTY in my mouth!  The rest of the party ordered the signature tacos and came with arroz gonulas and Cuban black beans.  The arroz gondulas and Cuban black beans looked so good.  Next time!  I am worried about the traffic this place gets, it is was not happen during lunch.  And I am sure it is pretty quite at nights.  Hang in there, I love your food.
I almost feel guilty writing this because the service was phenomenal, but the food was blah. (Sorry, Fuegos)  I'm not a taco fan and well, I assumed they would have more on the menu than just tacos despite the name.  The tacos all seem to come with a sugared cabbage on them which was similar to a purple or red sweet cabbage one finds with some German or Polish food. It didn't blend well with tacos in my palette and we all picked it off of food.  Of the 4 of us at happy hour/dinner, only one of us liked her food and even she admitted it may have been because she hadn't eaten all day.  The side dish of beans and rice were ok, but I don't go out and pay restaurant prices for beans and rice. Speaking of prices, it is actually very affordably priced, especially considering its location in the Esplanade and surrounded by a few other restaurants with higher prices and worse food.   The food can be ordered a la carte and at reasonable enough prices that you can comfortably just go on an ordering binge to sample their small to medium sized menu.   The drinks and its trendy atmosphere and the awesome serves make it worth a visit!  It's worth noting that there was a private event there that was taking up the entire loft area and spilling downtown onto the main floor area, but the host still gave us a table and our server made it a point to come and spend time with us because she was just that cool. They even waived one of the drinks I ordered because I just didn't like it and let me swap it for another drink, something called the Latin Lover. WOW!!! After that drink, I don't want a real latin lover, just give me more of the drink!!!!
I don't have a lot to say beyond what has already been said, so I'll briefly share a few things my dinner companion and I made note of:  The Good - Great looking spot in the esplanade, right off the ground-level parking behind the escalators - Comfortable seating (we sat at a two-top) - Nice, dim lighting - Excellent food.  His chicken street and my barbacoa short rib tacos were outstanding - Free homemade chips and salsa - Nice happy hour pricing  The Bad - The red sangria was horrid. There wasn't any fruit in my friend's glass.  The wine tasted cheap and not at all fruity like a sangria should. - The music belonged in a nightclub, not a casual establishment in CenPho.  Like my friend said, they need to create an identity for this place and play music that suits it, not just blast some loud house crap. - The music was WAY TOO LOUD.  We used a $10 Groupon and split the remaining $29 bill.  Great value for two dinner platters and two drinks.  Our waiter, whose name I didn't catch, was friendly, attentive, and made sure our water glasses were always full and checked in on us often, but not too often.  I look forward to returning!
Tacos are wonderful, love the sangria you can't go wrong here!
Fuego Tacos is a small restaurant with a club type feel that is located in a plaza opposite to Biltmore Fashion Square.  You can actually park at Biltmore Fashion Square, and then take the bridge underneath that leads you to the other side of the street.  The restaurant had an new age contemporary feel, and the music and television playing music videos made me feel like I was in a club.  The chips and salsa that we received while waiting for food and drinks was quite unique.  The chips was almost like pita chips, and the salsa tasted like roasted chipotle with a hint of mint chutney type flavor.  My friend got the margarita, which was alright, and I ordered a white sangria.  I have had better sangrias, but it was very soothing in the hot weather.  We each got tacos that came with a side of black beans and rice.  My tacos were good, except they used chicken thigh meat instead of white meat chicken.  I am not a fan of the fattier meats, so I give one star less on my overall rating.  Overall, the experience was fun, and I would order maybe a fish or veggie taco next time.
Had an AMAZING time here! I, of course, forgot our server's name.. I believe it was Matt thought, he was awesome! Really talkative and friendly, but not in your face. He suggested we get this side of corn which was fantastic! Both my husband and I loved the tacos and the chips. We also ordered a white sangria, which our server kindly gave us a tiny sample of the red sangria, which I will be getting next time.   Overall great experience. Food was great. Service was great. Atmosphere was great. Price was great.  Loved it and will be back soon!
One of my favorite taco shops! This place is hidden next to the theatre at the Biltmore. CHEAP prices on alcohol and food. The cream corn is amazing. Service both times I have been there has been outstanding. Their selection of tacos is unique and tasty!
Great discovery for me!  I popped in for lunch and was pleasantly surprised.  I had the best veggie tacos ever!  They were extremely flavorful and filling.  I don't know the secret to the accompanying rice and beans but they were also on point...just delicious!  The only drawback is the size of the place.  Since I dined alone, I sat at the bar.  It wasn't the most comfortable seating but I'd do it again in a heartbeat for those spicy veggie tacos.  I will definitely return to Fuego Tacos.
Compliments of Groupon I was introduced to Fuego Bistro sometime last year and had the best experience.  The food there is over the top and amazing.........but what stood out to me is the owner came running to our table after we ordered a bottle of wine off the menu and offered us something not on the menu for the same price.  He insisted that he would personally drink it if we did not like it.....we LOVED it, and his passion for his food!  With that and a few more amazing experiences at the Bistro, I was stoked when I saw the Tacos concept pop up.  Again Groupon pulled through with a crazy deal and I had to try it.  Most of the slow-braised meats from the Bistro have migrated over and make amazing tacos that are extremely well proportioned with rice and beans included for about $10, you cannot beat this deal!    The wine list at Fuego Tacos follows the same formula as the Bistro with a focus in S. America and always an interesting Malbec! The beer selection is good and the service has been spot on every time I have gone.  My only critic is that the salsa has been inconsistent from my first visit.  Some days are better than others, but being a frequent visitor it is evident they are tweaking the recipe (I personally would vote for a spicier red traditional salsa as well as an optional charred salsa to compliment the slow cooked meats).    I have been fortunate to watch this place grow up over the month and with each visit it is obvious that the owner listens and fixes.  My family has had a couple restaurants so I know how difficult it is to watch 2 locations and try to get your passion across to each patron when you cannot be in two places at once. Jeff does an amazing job, his kitchen staff puts out some of the best food for the money and the service staff could not be more friendly and accommodating.  I cannot wait to see what the Fuego Family does next (maybe a food truck for events?) and wish them ongoing success!  Oh, don't forget to try the cream corn, it is ridiculous!
Please, please, PLEASE, whatever you do, do not order the mini vegetarian tostadas they have as a special addition to the menu. They were no bueno. I was expecting the same spicy vegetable mixture as the tacos and it was really bland and boring. And the "chipotle" aoli squirted on top was really gross and just tasted like mayonnaise. It fell apart as I was trying to eat it and I ended up not finishing it. On top of all that, they were $9 with no side!!! What a travesty! I had to spend extra money to get my beloved black beans.   However, the latin lover drink was delicious. And I even had a second one. I don't know if there was less alcohol than usual or I am just becoming more tolerant to alcohol because I have never had more than one drink at a time in my life. But the second drink was only $3. Which was nice.
My daughter and I went there for an early dinner on a Saturday afternnoon.  The tacos were really good.  Megan had beef tacos and some rice and I had the pork tacos and rice.  Of course nothing goes better with tacos than diet coke.  Megan's tacos were great, and mine were good too.  Wasn't real fond of the sweet pineapple salsa on the pork, but I just dug that off after the first bite and poured on the salsa.  The reason for the 3 stars you ask?  Parking absolutely sucks.  I mean it took us as long to park as it did to eat our tacos.  And then of course you have to pay to park, which sucks some more.  Just for that reason, I wouldn't go back.  Move your business, Fuego.
OH EM GEE. Fuego, I love everything you do.  My journey with Fuego began at last year's taco festival in October. Their offerings were so moist and juicy that I knew I was going to be a repeat customer. Then, much to my dismay. Fuego Tacos did not open until January 2011. I had to content myself with its delicious but pricer older sister, Fuego Bistro (where I would dine every day if I could afford it).  Finally, fast forward a few more months and I got to try the amazingness that is Fuego Tacos again and my palate sang with delight.  So, enough with story time. Let's move on to the review.  The menu is fairly simple. It's mostly taco plates or à la carte tacos, with a few side items. They also have the same legendary mojitos as Fuego Bistro in about a billionty tongue-pleasing flavors. Alright, it's more like thirty, but it is still a lot.  The server will bring complimentary homemade chips and salsa to your table. The taco plates come with two tacos, rice, and beans with a price tag ranging from $9 to $12. But, on Mondays and Tuesdays, taco plates are half off if you buy a drink so have a mojito too. If you go during happy hour (3-7pm), drink prices are $3-$4. So, you can score both for less than the price of a normal taco plate. Win-Win.   The spicy margarita made with jalapeño-infused tequila that is made of the devil's spittle, I assure you. It is rimmed with crack-tastic cumin salt. However, it is not a drink for the timid as a few sips from my date's drink and I felt like I gained a half dozen ulcers. I love spicy, so this is a dangerous combination. Stomach lining won over palate in this case.  In my experience, service at Fuego restaurants is always friendly and attentive without smothering you. I found this to be the case at Fuego Tacos as well. We received attention from both our server and the bartender. They wanted to make sure that we were taken care of and that we were happy with our selections. Spoiler alert: We were.  Pros: - Delicious - Good value for the money - Friendly, attentive service  Cons: - Parking (Your best bet is  to leave your car across the street at the Biltmore Fashion Park and walk through the tunnel underneath Camelback.) - Closed Sundays
We went in about 3:00 for a late lunch/early dinner, and were quite unimpressed.  The music selection was non-stop club, while the flashing lights behind the bar said the same thing.  Didn't mix well with the nice college bar look of the place.  The waiter was brusque.    The food itself was actually ok, I had the pernil burrito and she had the chicken street tacos.  My order was messed up and the food was overpriced, but nothing disastrous as far as the food goes (but nothing special either).  Our check was dropped off when we were literally less than halfway through our meal.  That was fairly indicative of the service throughout; I almost felt bad we were such a bother to the poor waiter.    Overall not worth it.  High prices, food notable only for trying to be ostentatious ("maize granules" instead of saying "corn") and rude, lousy service.  I'd return if they bought me a car or something.
I do not like giving mediocre reviews so I will make this short and not so sweet I guess.  Finding the place and parking was a day-mare.  If it were not for a groupon, I would never had gotten further that the parking structure.  Bargain lured me in but did not leave me with the wish to come back.  Service was excellent but the food was just OK and sorry server dude, I appreciate your TLC, but the food needs a lot more of it than you.
Weird experience here.    Up until the end everything was pretty fine, okay, mediocre.  The server seemed pretty awesome and the food was filling.  But then things started to get a bit uncomfortable...  As a vegetarian, I ordered the veggie tacos. They come with a side of rice and beans - but, the rice has chicken broth in it.  I asked the waiter if I could skip the rice (as its not veg friendly) and just get an extra side of beans instead.  He said that would be a-okay!  Once the bill came, I handed over the credit card without checking the bill (I know...my fault there!).  Upon reading the receipt I realized we had been charged $3 for that "extra" side of beans. The waiter got a bit defensive and tried to explain himself, but eventually gave in by pulling out his tip money from his pocket and giving me $3 cash.  It was very awkward to be straight up taking his money like that and made me feel bad/weird.   Without that experience, this place would have been given 2.5 - 3 stars.
Tacos and Tequila! Try her new Honey Margarita it is pretty good.   Of course there was a Groupon Now! offer that I wanted to use. Friends have spoken of this place and said it was as fun as Fuego Bistro (behind Kobalt for all my Folk out there). I Love the tostadas from Bistro.   At Fuego Taco the blonde chick behind the bar and the nice sexy looking girl seemed to be the only two working the whole entire restaurant by themselves. At first I was a bitt nervous. Of course I thought service would be terrible because of the limited staff but was I wrong. Our waters were first with a nice little flip of the hair and on to drink recommendations. She mentioned her new margarita and I was tempted to try. Not within 3min she had it at the table. And this drink is very very tasty.   We decided on the Carne Asada/Short Rib Barbacoa and would share the two. Both were great but I would pass on the rice next time.   I could not thank the two that were working that night. You two were EXCELLENT!!!
Nothing special. I got the shrimp taco, it was pretty good for what it was. They had the right concept where it needed to be crispy and not soggy. which is always important.  In the end the place was way over priced for not high quality tacos. They didn't ask what type of tortillas i wanted and i got flour...sad day :(  the sangria was pre-made, and it wasn't that good.  staff was awesome and friendly though.
I remember this spot when it was Nixon's and I didn't like the layout back then. I still don't.   The tacos are more than acceptable, but not quite worth writing home about. I've had the ground beef and the signature pork pernil. Both tasted fine, but didn't really make me want to recommend the place.   I don't get the comments I hear from people about the cost. For $9 or so you get a full plate of two generously-filled tacos, rice and beans. That's not much more (if more at all) than Macayo's or Garcias.  So an acceptable choice that might improve with time.
I've visited twice recently and was pleased both times.  To me, the atmosphere is more like a quaint, rustic French bistro with a modern flair than it is Mexican, but pleasing, nonetheless.  Pay attention to their hours of operation.  If I had, I would've saved myself a trip on a Sunday, when they're closed.  On one visit, there was only one customer in the restaurant, but that's likely to change once the movie theater upstairs (currently closed for renovations) reopens.  The staff was attentive and friendly.  In fact, if you're nice, the guy behind the bar may tell you a funny story about a trip he once made to a local movie theater!  My friend tells me the nachos (served warm) and salsa were very good and the Taco Salad was crisp and cool.  I opted for the Carne Asada burrito which was very flavorful with its brown sugar and "hot and sweet onion pepper relish".  Both entrees were large enough for leftovers to take home.  If you decide to stop in, be sure to treat yourself to the Empanadas (served in a pair.)  My only gripe is that the menu states they are made of "Flaky puff pastry" when mine seemed more like deep fried tacos.  Overall, I loved the dish.  Don't be fooled by what looks like Buffalo wing sauce topping.  It's actually a "Yucatan BBQ sauce" which makes this a terrific sweet and salty dish (a plus in my book).  If you're looking for traditional Mexican, you'll probably be disappointed, but if you're enthused by trying new and creative food, it'll be right up your alley.  Prices are fair to moderate, but worth it, especially when you factor in Happy Hour discounts.  They're even better with Groupon!  Tip: Parking is conveniently located steps away in the garage behind the facility.  Be sure to get "validated" before leaving the restaurant and your parking fee is waived!
I went to a late lunch on a Saturday and the Esplanade area was quite dead (I'm surprised because in the old days ('98-'99), I remember it to be pretty 'happening'). Anyway, I liked the atmosphere inside - dark, private, cozy, cool.  It seemed like a trendy spot, too.  Meal: ordered the sweet potato fries and the 2 pernil tacos.  I was not really impressed with the tacos - they were OK.  The sweet potatoe fries were OK also (a bit over-fried).  The mojito I ordered (which by the way, ALL were recommended to me by our server - blue eyed, shaved head, male, VERY awesome) was DISgusting.  I didn't honestly have the heart to complain about it because he was so nice and I kinda felt bad for the business (it seemed a bit dead when we arrived). So, in short, I wouldn't mind giving it another try (maybe it was an off day) just because our server was awesome, but since it's quite a drive for me, I likely won't waste my time driving to give it a 2nd shot. I really wanted to like the tacos...
Being HUGE fans of Fuego Bistro, we had high hopes for this place.  I always dread the all too common "grow too fast you end up sucking at both restaurants" syndrome so I was a bit hesitant walking into th door.  Luckily I was very happy with the experience.  The tacos (the reason to go here, don't even remember other menu items!) pretty amazing. I had the ribeye tacos and an extra shrimp taco. My lady had the chicken.  Now, i'm pretty much a sucker for Chelsea's Kitchen's rib eye taco.  I can happily say I now have two places to enjoy them.  Service was good, attentive, and friendly.  I hope they do well, considering they are in mostly empty shopping area with only the AMC and a french cafe being their only neighbors.  The place was pretty packed for a tuesday night however. The happy hour seems pretty popular.  The music was the only drawback.  However, I'm just a crabby bastard and don't like house music.  I'll be back again, I might have to bring earplugs however.
Awesome tacos!!! Very good margaritas!  Need more?
Fuego has a killer happy hour, mojitos with freshly muddled mint and great food. Try barbacoa tacos that are braised in Dr.. Pepper and ask for a side of corn along with your beans and rice.   Topping it off their wait staff is pretty great.
They know how to make delicious FLAVORFUL FOOD!!  BARBACOA taco is a must!!!
It's been two days now, and I still don't understand it.   First, what you want to know. The food is great, service is friendly and accomodating. We had nachos, carne asada and pork shoulder tacos and even cubano sandwiches, all good. Great server too. Kudos.  What I can't understand it... I show up with two other adults and a child. We're told a table won't be ready for 20 minutes (the big one in the middle with a sign on it? I don't know, the website says no reservations and when I called 30min earlier I wasn't asked if I wanted to make one). OK fine, we'll sit at the bar and drink. Three adults, three alcoholic drinks. One kid, one kid drink.   But then, the bartender tells me 'i'd prefer you didn't sit at the bar if you're waiting for a table, people are gonna come in and want to sit at the bar to drink.'   Wha? What am I doing? And the $20 I'm spending here doesn't count? And I'm gonna order food too, they're not! So you want a 4 meals and drinks off your bar just in case someone comes in? She didn't see my point, and she was clearly busy (not making drinks for people at the bar, but for PEOPLE EATING FOOD AT TABLES).  Fortunately, a table came available upstairs and we took our wonderment (and our mojitos with wonderful mint) with us to dinner, which we enjoyed (and even took some home, which we enjoyed again).  I'll be back, even without a Groupon (note, that's why we were there), and maybe even just to sit at the bar for an hour or so, lingering over a single drink, but not eating anything, just like the bartender wants. But I still don't understand it.
(To the owner of Fuego Tacos: I am so sorry for doing this because I LOVE Fuego Bistro, it is one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix!)   I don't see this place lasting very long. Both times I have been here it has been pretty dead. The trance techno was blazing loud and the club atmosphere did not make for a enjoyable dining experience.  I ordered the pernil asado and the short ribs barbacoa tacos. While Fuego Bistro has both on their menu, there must have been something lost in the translation at this location.   In addition to the teeny tiny portions of meat on my tacos, they were covered in a pound of cheese. The menu boasts an oaxacan cheese blend, I was expecting a light sprinkle, but instead I was given a pound of cold cheese.  The chips were also stale, the only saving grace was the salsa, which was pretty delectable. I was underwhelmed with both the atmosphere and food. Perhaps if you are just dropping in for a quick bite between bars this is a go to spot, but for a sit down leisurely meal I would go elsewhere.
The staff here is awesome, especially at the bar! We asked the chef about what she put in the empanadas to make them so great; she was super nice and personable, not to mention forthcoming.   Even though I really like Fuego Bistro (same owners), I have to admit all the food here really has that extra something (maybe it's the chef? Hells ya.) Also, the decor and ambiance at Tacos caters to a more trendy, urban customer. Tacos is more polished, slightly funky, and modern; whereas the bistro is a more traditional Caribbean-style place.   I love their Sangrias, especially the red one. Still the spiced pear sangria is very interesting. It doesn't taste exactly like what you'd expect, but worth a try.   RECOMMENDATION: Come for their happy hour and TRY EVERYTHING!
I like the vibe here nice bar area a few tables downstairs and a few upstairs. Gracious and attentive staff that got me seated right away and my entree out quickly. I ordered the Short Rib Barbacoa made up of Angus fork tender short ribs braised in a liquid base pineapple, soy, chipotle and Dr. Pepper served with a pineapple habanero hot sauce with black beans and rice on the side.  I guess there is something to be said about eating street tacos in a sit down establishment you are not so rushed and you can actually enjoy your meal, . Which I did and I will be back to try other dishes; the staff was great even  the owner checked on me during my meal I was offered parking validation twice who doesn't love that.
I really like this restaurant.  It has the unfortunate disadvantage in being in a really bad loacation, the Esplanade is really only commercial offices now, and is not really a great place for foot traffic and parking.  Nevertheless, this restaurant is worth parking in the garage and trying out.    The decor is a great place to stop and get a drink.  There are several tvs and always has some decent music playing in the background.  I must say that if I did not have a groupon here, I would probably give this place 3 stars, as it is a little overpriced for tacos.  I have eaten several items here  the pernil asado tacos, short rib barbacoa, and the nachos.  Personally, my favorite item is the short rib barbacoa.  The spices are a great mixture and the meat is very moist and tender.   The pernil asado is good, but not my favorite.  The nachos are a good choice for a lot of food.  But they are really known for the tacos.  The chips and salsa are also really good.  Overall, I will return to this place, but definitely not the best tacos in the country.  Good but not the best.
I love this place!  Make sure Matt is your bartender - such a great personality and he makes excellent recommendations!  The pernil asado tacos are quite tasty.  Try a side of the creamed corn too...you will not be disappointed!
I was so excited to try out this new place for restaurant week. It's really hard to find...but cute inside once you get there. My party of 4 had reservations, but we still had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated. Our server brought us glasses of sangria (we didn't even notice at first that sangria came with the restaurant week menu, yay for free drinks!) Their red wine sangria was really good, with a nice star anise flavor.   For restaurant week, you split an appetizer with your dining companion, each had an entree (either 2 tacos or 1 burrito) and share dessert. We started with the taco salad, which was really tasty and spicy. I liked the chipotle ranch dressing and strips of tortilla on the top.   I ordered the shrimp and barbacoa beef tacos - it said the beef is braised in Dr. Pepper. Interesting...they were out of shrimp and had to sub fish. The tacos came wrapped in 2 little corn tortillas, but they still fell apart when you pick them up. They were stuffed with things...but overall lacked flavor. I didn't finish either taco. We asked at this point for chips and salsa, which were brought out but horrible. I think we all ate one (burned) chip, with really thick, tomato-ey salsa with no freshness or kick.  At least you can't mess up dessert, right? I think it was a churro, but I wouldn't know because they were out. This happened the first day of restaurant week, about 730pm. They obviously didn't plan for restaurant week very well, because we didn't get dessert or and shrimp tacos. The waitress offered to get us another glass of sangria for dessert, but by this time we wanted to leave.   Skip it.
The food is outstanding and the service is wonderful. A bit crowded but not sure if that is typical of the establishment or because it is Az Restaurant Week. We used a Groupon so it was dead cheap. The regular prices are pretty reasonable too. The restaurant is pretty. The only draw back is there is nowhere to wait. On the way out the door we had to fight to leave because the folks waiting were blocking the exit. With this place (and my other favorite, Gallo Blanco) I could learn to like Mexican food!
Just had a quick bite to eat here. Thought their platters were half off after 5 on Tuesday. Not so! anyway went with the short rib tacos with pineapple and habanero. Good not great. Husbands carne asada was perfect and divine. Pretty busy there with one server and u get complimentary chips and salsa (great!) Definitely worth going back for again.
I tried this restaurant for Arizona Restaurant Week. I really like this restaurant. The atmosphere is awesome, small, nice decor, nice music, and great customer service. Fuego Tacos has a great bar that offers an array of drinks, the food is superb.   The offer for Restaurant Week was a three course meal with a glass of sangria. My husband and I loved our meal. We started with the taco salad, made with fresh ingredients and extremely flavorful. The chipotle dressing was the perfect amount of heat, we chose to have the salad made with the Pernil Asado. A perfect choice, heavenly!  For the main course I had the Pernil Asado tacos. I LOVE this meat, so tender and has outstanding flavor. My husband had the Barbacoa tacos and we were not as impressed with this particular meat choice.  The dessert was churros with ancho fudge sauce. I was not at all impressed with this dessert. The fudge sauce lacked ancho chile flavor, which was a complete disappointment. I would have preferred some heat.  Overall, I loved the restaurant, the food and the customer service.  I will definitely go back again.
Did I know that Fuego Tacos boasted the best Pernil Asado tacos in Phoenix? Nope. Did I try them? Yep. Were they really the best? Hell yes. I could not believe how flavorful and juicy the meat was, and it was topped with a light pineapple salsa and sugar cured cabbage to complement it perfectly!   I love how simple (yet cool) this taco joint is. You can order pernil asado, carne asado, chicken, fish, shrimp, or vegetable... and you can have it in two tacos or one big ole' burrito! The chips and salsa served when you are first seated were also equally amazing. The chips were hand made and very fresh and the pureed salsa had just the right amount of spice to it!
We came here on a Friday night after the recommendation of one of my husband's colleague who's quite the foodie. The host recognized that we were in "date night" mode and got us a table upstairs away from the bar scene and loud music. The ambiance upstairs was great. Later in the evening, someone from the restaurant came by to see if we needed our parking lot ticket validated. We had completely forgotten about it at that point and were thankful for the reminder and their great customer service.  We were both very happy with what we ordered. I loved the shrimp tacos. A word to others who are sensitive to spicy food - make sure to ask your server about the spiciness of some of the items. Everything there was delicious   Make sure to save some room for the churros/chocolate dip dessert.
I wasn't sure what to expect going on, but overall I was pretty satisfied.  The tacos are well done, with lots of interesting options influenced by different cuisines (think carnitas in Dr. Pepper).  Mexican food purists would be turned off by this place, but it's a fun joint to get a good couple of tacos.  The staff is a bit on the trendy side but overall is attentive.  The atmosphere is interesting and is a bit disjointed between the food they are serving, but it's still pleasant.  A fun place to get in and get out with some nice food.
Didn't know how much I'd like this place, but was pleasantly surprised. Meal started with good chips and great spicy salsa. We came during Happy Hour but some of our dishes ended up not being on the HH menu, a few we found out when we got the bill..grr  We started with the empanadas ($6 on the HH menu) that were awesome! Great pork with some type of light BBQ sauce, just awesome. We also ordered my son's nachos off of the HH menu. The menu says your choice of meats but when my son chose Carne Asada, we were told that the HH nachos only had the option of cheese or pork. He went with the pork, and they were good nachos but how difficult would that be to put on the menu??  I went with the short rib barbacoa tacos ($10) that were very good, I'd definitely get them again. My wife chose the Purist (ground beef, sour cream and cheese). Her tacos were not very good, the meat was WAAAY underseasoned and just not very good. I ended up giving her one of my tacos, which was fine because each plate comes with black beans and rice, very good version I have to add. We also ordered the HH sangria that was $5. When we asked what types they had, our server listed them out and we  both chose the blackberry. Come the bill, we realized our sangrias were off the regular menu and had to shell out an additional $8 between the two drinks. The bill was still reasonable, but we both def would have opted for HH drinks. All in all, nice place with pretty good service and pretty good food. I'd give it another shot.
Ok, so I have seen Groupons for this place for quite some time now, so I decided to give in and see what it was all about.  We were greeted by a super friendly host who was quick to help us to our table.  Our server was helpful with the menu, though her pre-bussing skills could use some help.  She brought us their complimentary chips and salsa (salsa was pretty hot but had good flavor) and I really enjoyed the chips.  Got some freshly made guac to go with the chips, as my mouth couldn't take anymore spice...was good but had a lot of black pepper in it. So, their menu has several different taco options which you can pick and choose (two different tacos or two of the same, rice and beans) or you can get it as a burrito.  My girlfriend and I both decided to get the vegetarian burrito, which were very good, but very filling!   The place had a great vibe and I will definitely keep them in mind next time I want a burrito!
service here is outstanding. again, outstanding.  spicy veggie tacos are interesting and satisfying.  i had the jalapeno margarita and found out i am a freaking wimp when it comes to spicy... the sangria however, is amazing and i love it. i think about it often.
Great salsa very spicy and different from the norm since it's traditional mexican food.  It's very tasty and a cute intimate little restaurant in a small shopping mall.    Has a great little bar as well as an area great for meeting up with friends and a 2nd floor loft area with additional seating.
The Jalapeno Margarita was good. I also had the spicy veggie tacos which were served cold, I wasn't expecting that but they were still good. I have to say that the salsa that comes with chips was so spicy I really couldn't taste anything else. Service was good too.
BE CAREFUL if you are going to use any of their "deals"!  I was using 2 Daily Deal vouchers, I bought one for me and one for my Mom to use.  The deal states one per person, not per table, but they would only let us use one. The tacos were delicious, but the experience soured me.
After countless times experiencing how amazing Fuego Bistro is I decided to try the little sister restaurant Fuego Tacos.  Sadly I was not as impressed.    As long as you have a groupon or Yelp coupon then sure go enjoy have a good time but the prices on the menu just aren't worth it.  If I was going to pay that much for a couple tacos I would just go to Fuego Bistro and pay a little more for an amazing meal.    Now don't get me wrong the meats are the same on a few things and they still are great in taste, but I just prefer the real thing I guess.
We went here with a $25 certificate from restaurant.com and this place is amazing, I have been back twice since we first tried it a week prior. We had the Cubano Sliders, the Empanadas, the Pernil Asado tacos, the Short Rib Barbacoa tacos and the Carne Asada tacos. Hands down, my absolute favorite dish would have to have been the Cubano sliders, rolls filed with ham(real ham, not lunchmeat), pulled pork, swiss, dijon mustard( which tastes like it has horseradish in it, very strong so be warned) and served with a slide of fantastic sweet potato fries, by far the best sweet potato fries I have had in a long time. The Empanadas were savory and delicious, the best kind of empanada is one filled with meat.  The Pernil Asado, was my favorite of the three tacos we tried, not spicy like the short rib, but juicy, sweet and savory. The Short Rib was delicious as well, but spicy, the lingering kind of spicy, so be prepared. I was told that this place was considered "mexican food" but from experiencing even just the appetizers I would say it's way more Cuban than Mexican.
Food was ok - not bad, not great.  I had the Pernil Asado tacos and the Short Rib Barbacoa tacos.  The service was excellent.  I would dine there again.
Best tacos in Phoenix! I spent a summer in Guadalajara, Mexico, and these tacos remind me of a gourmet version of their street tacos. Soooo delicious! I go here at least once a week! I recommend the Pernil tacos and the Carne Asada, but I just recently tried the Empenadas and found them to be the tastiest that I've ever had. The people are great there and the cocktails are exceptional. They have some very unique cocktails like one with wasabi, but also have old favorites such as house-brewed sangria. Come at Happy Hour when everything is really cheap: $3 tacos and $6 cocktails.
Went for happy hour...had the barbacoa and shrimp tacos a la carte, and the sweet potato fries.  Great fries, even better tacos. YUM! Great prices too.  $3/ea during happy hour. Cool ambiance.
Five Star Food!!! -hidden under Esplanade Theater the chips & salsa will blow your mind and are a fabulous way to prepare you for what's about to hit your pallet when your order arrives!!! -ITS A MUST DO!
We went out of our way to visit Fuego Tacos, since I bought a deal off of Groupon, and we were blown away. If you want to compare the pricing to Filiberto's or any of the low end restaurants, the price will disappoint you, but in comparison to other restaurants of it's ranks, the price is more than adequate! The complimentary chips come with an amazing salsa. The service was quick and our server was amiable. It is a very cute and intimate atmosphere, and I definitely loved that they had extra seating on their second floor. I loved the charcoal grilled taste of my carne asada burrito! It is definitely a place to visit if you find yourself near the Esplanade Theater.
We really enjoyed our meal at Fuego tacos. So much so that I can't wait to go back. Its a really cute little space in the Esplanade with very nice employees and excellent quesadilla's, taco's and burrito's. I only wish they had a more extensive menu. If they add enchilada's I would love it. The best meat I have had thus far is their pork, and I'm not even a pork person. It reall is that amazing. Check it out and see for yourself!
Not all Mexican food is the same and Fuego's was a testament to it. Those two tacos took me out of a restaurant setting and placed me in a private cookout. They were fresh and delicious!
Do Not Eat Here !!! The waiter was soo rude to my son, he made him cry. My son moved his chair to sit closer to me and the waiter yelled at him to "sit down, stay  there, and be quiet and if you touch me again you are going to need your mommy!" my four year old was just trying to move closer to me because he hadn't seen me all day. We were appalled on how rude he was. Who says that to a child!  I get it, it's not a kid place, we weren't looking for a kids menu and crayons but we did nothing to get treated like that. That is not how customers should ever be treated and we will never return with or without the kids
Although it was a bit difficult to find, once we found it, we were pleasantly pleased.  The meal was worth the menu prices and the service was decent.  Be sure to ask them to validate your parking.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was due to the broom and mop being stored in plain sight along with a high chair....sort of gave the place an iHop feel when it really isn't necessary.
I love this restaurant.  I took a friend for her birthday and she loved it, too.  Then I took two more friends.  They LOVED it.  The service was fabulous.  The ground beef tacos are the best I have ever eaten and I eat tacos alot because Mexican food is my husband's favorite.  I cannot wait to take him there next time.
I wish I would've known about this little gem a long time ago.  Yesterday's lunch at Fuego Tacos was downright wonderful! I had the Purist Ground Beef taco and the Short Rib Barbacoa, and both were top-notch!  The flavors are fresh and fabulous, and very different than the traditional shredded cheese and lettuce that one tends to find. The restaurant itself is located in the now-deathly quiet Esplanade Center in Phoenix, right accross the street from the Biltmore Shopping Center.  And parking requires either a valet or a parking structure, which isn't my first choice when going to a restaurant, but with food this good, it's worth the effort! The service was excellent, and our waiter was very funny and entertaining, as well as providing very fast service.  I'm definitely going again, soon, and will try a burrito on my next visit!
Have to give this place some serious love. Went with my 15-yr-old son and enjoyed the place a lot.  Ground Beef Tacos - totally scrumptious.  Best thing we had.  They do hard tacos RIGHT. Pernil Pork Tacos - very tasty also.  Tender meat some super-tasty seasonings. Chips and Salsa - way above average. Service - excellent in every way, friendly and there when we needed something. Black Beans and Rice - a little more seasoned than you usually get.  Definitely going to hit 'em up again.  The only drawbacks were that the price is a little higher than normally expected, but they have a huge lease payment I'm sure, with that location.  And the parking is a pain too - ticketed (free with validation however) garage only or across the street.
Am a huge fan of this eatery!!! The owners hit the jackpot when they brought Chef Holly in from Ticoz. My very favorite thing on the menu is the Blackened Tilapia Ceaser ..... amazing! All the Street Tacos are deeelish ......especially the Pernil Pork and Chicken! The chips are not too greasy or salty and the salsa is roasted and exploding with flavor. I am always blown away by the service and love the atmosphere! It's already a good value for dining but you can get promotions if you are on Living Social or Groupon.
My wife and I originally went last Sunday only to find it closed. But since I had a Groupon deal I purchased last month, we went back Wednesday night to cash it in. And we're so glad we did. Kind of hidden in a shopping mall with movie theaters upstairs, we were quickly seated and served our drinks with chips and salsa. My wife ordered the fish tacos (2) with rice and black beans. Tacos and rice were both good. Black beans so-so. I ordered the Cuban sliders. 3 mini sandwiches w/ham, cheese, and a Cuban seasoned beef - oh so good - with a side of sweet potato fries. Wasn't a fan before. But now I am. Fries were hot and crunchy. I could only put down 2 and took 1 back to our hotel for breakfast Thursday. Would definitely return for another meal when in PHX again.
Great service from Nikki, awesome tacos, especially the Baja Fish and Carne Asada. Also the new tres leches was the best I have ever had. Great restaurant all together.
I first have to say that this is the first negative review I've ever written.  EVER.  Not because I think everywhere I go is amazing but before Fuego Tacos I'd never been to anywhere bad enough to feel compelled to warn the rest of the dining public.    My husband and I went took a friend who was visiting from out of town here for dinner on a Monday night.  There were only a half a dozen other people eating in there at the time, and the two members of staff on duty - one waitress and a bartender - were idling near the door. We should have known something was wrong the minute we walked in.  But it wasn't until we actually sat down that I realized nobody in there was talking.  They were all looking down, pushing their food around their plates, not saying a word.    The atmosphere soon explained itself when we got our first taste of the abrupt "service" followed by the dismal tacos.  For a place that hypes its own happy hour so much I expected them to have a decent drink selection.  Like, say, more than just sangria or a margarita with a chili pepper in it...  Even so I asked the bartender, who acted as our server, for a recommendation.  He shrugged his shoulders and didn't say a single word to me in response.  This was the freaking bartender!!   It only got worse from there.  Despite the fact that the place was dead he rushed us to place our order and wandered away while my husband was in mid-sentence, resulting in him getting the carne asada in taco form rather than  burrito-style like he wanted.  The food itself was a bad joke.  Not just mediocre - actually bad.  All the tacos were completely tasteless except for a heaping pile of cabbage that tasted like it had been marinated in red hot candies.  It was sickeningly sweet and had an overpowering artificial cinnamon flavor.  Even if it hadn't tasted terrible the portions were small and over-priced.   It sounds dramatic but the experience really was bad enough to affect our entire evening.  I was so embarrassed...I couldn't apologize enough to my friend.  You couldn't pay me to go back to Fuego Tacos ever again.
I really wanted to love this place. I've heard great things about Fuego Bistro and always wanted to try both restaurants. This was the biggest disappointment I have had at a restaurant in a long time. The service was horrible. The hostess was more interested in chatting with the bartender than seating us. Once the hostess finally acknowledged us and came to seat us she informed us that they were closing in 30 minutes and we needed to order right away. This was at 8:20pm on a Saturday night! She turned away another party later at 8:50pm by saying the kitchen was closed for the evening. As of writing this the website still says they are open til 10pm. If I were the owner or manager I would have fired this hostess/waitress on the spot.   As this was our first time here we wanted to try several different tacos. We ordered short rib, carne asada, and shrimp tacos. The shrimp used were small tasteless. The short rib tacos were awkwardly sweet. I'm not sure they always taste like that or if it was just a bad batch. I would definitely not order them again. The carne asada was good. The rice was obviously the last of the pot. It was dry and crusty like it had been stuck on the bottom of the pot all day. I would have been even more disappointed if I had paid full price. We used a restaurant.com certificate. Regardless, it was not worth the visit.
My wife and I have been waiting to try out Fuego Tacos.  We finally did on a Wednesday afternoon, and bonus - Happy Hour was going on when we arrived (starts at 2pm).  We were not disappointed and Matt, our bartender, gave excellent service as well as taco recommendations.  We had the Pernil, Carne, Chicken Street, Fish, and Barbacoa (don't judge us, it boasts tacos and we wanted to sample them).  My favorite was the Carne Asada.  If your a fan of America's Carne, Fuego is giving them a run for the money.  The chips and salsa were great, home made chips mind you.  The runner up for our favorite taco was the Pernil.  Needless to say, we'll be back.  Thank you Matt and thank you Fuego, a gem in the now dismal Esplanade.    P.S.  Make sure to validate your parking before leaving Fuego.
Finally decided to try out Fuego tacos and was EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED.... that I didn't come sooner.   First I have to say that Matt (our waiter) was awesome. Attentive, nice, accommodating, and friendly. I say this because it is just about opposite of my experience everywhere else I go. I just assumed that it's normal for your waiter to be snarky and ignore their customers. He seems to prove that theory wrong. I'm usually cheap and give out only a 10-12% tip for the usual lack of service I receive, but Matt earned the full 20.  Awesome just doesn't come close to describing the meal. It started with the salsa and chips and kept going all the way through dessert. I know it's usually chips an salsa, but the real star there is the salsa, so you have to say it first. Ordered a carne asada quesadilla, which came dressed with a chipotle dipping sauce, the quesadilla was great by itself and extreme when complimented with the chipotle dip. Wife and I shared both the pernil (pork) and shirt rib barbacoa (beef) tacos, either way you choose it, it's a great dish. Although I did like the short rib tacos slightly better than the pork. The tacos come with sides of both rice and black beans. I've made black beans before, and they don't even compare. Like trying to compare a huffy bicycle to a Ducati motorcycle - they just don't. Our meal was followed up with a slice of cake covered with a mango and pineapple reduction. I will definitely be back sooner rather than later.  Expect to pay about $12 - $14 per plate after tax / tip, a few more if you order drinks, apps, and / or dessert.  If you've read any of my other reviews, you might just know that I'm driven by good food with a great value, and as such. You can find usually grab a deal on (choose one) $5for$10 on yelp / groupon, or $25off$35 from restaurant-com; yes I did use a deal for myself. While normally you can feel the glares of the wait staff whenever you pull out your coupon, Matt made us feel like it was no big thing and was happy to serve us!   I had such a good experience, that I might even consider **gasp** coming without a coupon **/gasp*
Especially in Phoenix where everything is so spread out, it's fantastic that you can find great food within walking distance of your hotel. Both the service and food at Fuegos is "tip top" in the words of a former mentor of the Stache. Both the manager Matt and the bartender Maureen were excellent and couldn't have been nicer. The tacos were excellent and I would recommend the ground beef, pernil and chicken as 3 solid choices. Overall, great food, even better service and extremely reasonable prices.
I would have never known this place existed- but I found out about the greatness that is Fuego Tacos through a HomeRun offer. The chips and salsa were stellar, and I tried the pernil taco and the carne asada. I preferred the carne asada. I can't wait to go back and try some of the other tantalizing tacos! I also had a great drink with Jack Daniels! I will definitely be coming back.  NOTE: You must remember to have Fuego validate your parking, or you will be charged.
I was really looking forward to giving Fuego Taco a try, so perhaps my expectations were too high, but my experience was lacking somehow.... The Hubs, a friend, and I headed down to the esplanade to give Fuego Taco a whirl - we've been to Fuego Bistro a couple time and love it, so we figured we would also love the Taco version.  First off, loved the inside of the restaurant.  It's very cosy feeling and almost log cabin like, but not really... just made me feel that way.  We sat upstairs, which was a little odd feeling so close to the ceiling, but overall I liked the vibe.  As far as the food goes, it was OK.  We liked the chips and salsa.  I wasn't a fan of my moscow mule adult beverage, but that could have been bad choosing on my behalf.  I had one pork taco and one beef.  Both were ok, but didn't WOW me.  Overall, I'd say I might go back if I'm in the area, but I won't be craving a return visit.
We went here because we had a Living Social deal and are always in the mood to try something new.  Granted, we went an hour before closing so the service was lackluster but the food was delicious!  I had the chicken street tacos which were so juicy and moist I didn't know what to do with myself.  The chicken was tender and flavorful and unlike any street taco I'd have before.  Their house rice is super yummy with the added cheese.  Their house chips and salsa are yummy although the salsa is on the spicy side.  We would definitely come back.
I really have to gush about this place! I had a business meeting, and we were supposed to meet at the Merc. Their signage was completely wrong and they never opened when they said they were going to. So, we walked around the corner and saw Fuego Tacos. I've been to the Bistro once, so I knew it was a safe place to go.  It was just after 5 and the place was about half-full downstairs. I noticed the upstairs was empty. I asked if we could sit up there and we were given our choice of tables. Our server was amazing! He immediately brought us chips and salsa and took our drink orders. He brought me two drinks! I'm ok with that, because usually I'm used to having servers who don't keep up with my drinks. (Diet Coke, FYI) The chips were freshly made, and the salsa was good. We ordered a plate of nachos to share with pork on top. It's one of the best plates of nachos I've had in a very long time. We all devoured them. As I was getting up to leave, our server brought me a Diet Coke in a to-go cup. I didn't even ask for it but wow!  I'm going back, most definitely. The prices were reasonable and there was a good crowd in there.  Oh, and they were playing 80s music. That pretty much gives the place 500 cool points.
Vegi and fish tacos were awesome.  Service was excellent.  Drinks were stiff if a tad expensive, but happy hour is hard to beat.  Will be back next time I'm in Tempe.
Good Burros yes burros I like the tacos ordered with flour tortillas they roll it all up in a Burro and Yumm I have sampled most of the burros depending on mood but all are very good.
Just a quick update on something I tried on my most recent visit:  The sauce served with the sweet potato fries is the best s.p.f. sauce I've ever tasted.  I'd go back JUST for that side dish, except everything else is good also.
*ZERO STARS*!!! VERY DISAPPOINTED IN MANAGEMENT!!!  Yeah, would have loved to try it..even bought a Living Social coupon for it. BUT The coupon expired today. So , I called and asked to speak to the Manager to see if they would honor it...the teenage sounding hostess who answered the phone says, "Sorry the manager says, we don't honor expired coupons!".....really...it expires today and you can't honor this, we've never been there and it's already been paid for?...So this foodie and her party of 6 won't ever try it, and will tell friends not to go there as well. Because of the printer it was hard to tell if it expired today or the 28th..but, regardless with the economy the way it is and restaurants sitting empty...Fuego Tacos should have opened their arms to these 6 hungry paying customers.The coupon was only for $10.00...with all of us wanting to drink Margarita's and have appetizers and then some tacos. Tacos are $3.00 each we would of had 2 each, plus at least one if not two Margaritas per person at $5.00 each, plus some guacamole at $4.00. Let's do the math: 6 people eating 12 tacos = $36.00 + drinking 6 to 12 Margarita's =$30.00 to $60.00 and 2 orders of Guac = $8.00 . Total $104.00!! w/o tax and tip. Plus also..some of the people wanted to buy a full size lunch and not Tacos...so add in another $30.00. So basically, because of your uneducated management style and practices... FUEGO TACOS lost more than $150.00 plus tax and tip for lunch on a party of 6!..not too mention the whole...one person scorned will tell at least 20 people x 6 = 120 ( which is a low estimate considering the internet and facebook) people will now, know how cheap and stupid Fuego Tacos are...no matter how good your tacos might have been. Hope your M.O.D. (manager on duty) feels proud. OLE`...copying to Yelp!! P.S...so now I see the same coupon deal being offered by Yelp...with their expiration lasting a whole year, instead of the 4 months my coupon had on it. Nice!/// now I KNOW.. the Management is inexperienced!!
My husband and I went into Fuego Tacos today for the first time. Matt, our bartender, was awesome, super attentive and reminded us that it was happy hour (it starts at 2 here, yay!).  We tried a few different kind of tacos...the carne asada was definately our fave but they were all good. I loved the space and vibe of the restaraunt itself. Cant wait to go back!
Blah. Tacos and empanadas are not up to par. I would not even compare it to the Filbertos on every corner of Phoenix. Very Americanized tacos, which lacks flavor and spice.
OK, the place is a little awkward and is a spacial nightmare. It feels weird to be seated in some areas, like you are jammed in, but the tacos make up for it. Never had bad service, but I have had to get someone's attention before for another beer or refill.   Chips and Salsa and awesome! The Carne Asada tacos are the bomb! The Sangria is good too. The beer is always cold and Happy hour is awesome! Perfect place to eat before a movie at the AMC.   They have the same great empanadas like Fuego Bistro, which are really good. Overall, I am happy to go back.
The chips and salsa were awesome!  Maybe thats why I was disappointed in my chicken street tacos.  I was expecting more flavor.  I'm interested to see how I like the other dishes.  I would go back just for the chips and salsa and one of their specialty drinks.
Best tacos EVER!  Pernil tacos was AH-MAZING!  My hubby had the short rib barbacoa taco and a fish taco.  He enjoyed both. Chips and salsa were great!  Nice thick chips and tasty salsa. Our server, Matt was top notch.  He knew the menu, and he made some great suggestions. This may be my new favorite restaurant!
My fiance and I tried to try out Fuego Tacos for the first time this past Saturday night  just before 9:00pm and were turned away because they were closed.  This, despite the fact that their website says they are open until 10:00pm on Saturday.  When I asked the host about this, he said: "Yeah, I know.  Sorry about that."  Another reviewer had nearly the same experience (Patrick) in April.  So two months later, the website is still wrong.  Such an easy thing to fix, and so disappointing when you are excited to try a new place.  Please, please update the website to reflect your current hours!  I will stop by and try out Fuego Tacos another time, and update my review accordingly
Yummy taco joint!  I stopped in here for a little happy hour action just last week... Their happy hour is a loooonng one, runs from 2-6pm!  Margs, sangria and their specialty cocktails are all $5, beers are on special and there's a good selection of food priced for happy hour.  Of the two tacos I ordered, I would HIGHLY recommend the pernil asado. That pork and mango salsa are fantastic! I liked the chicken street taco too, but it didn't stand a chance following that pernil asado.  Their guacamole should be renamed guaca-peno-mole as it was high in jalapenos and so spicy that my nose was running after 3 chips... Don't get me wrong, it was tasty and I ate nearly the whole order.  =)  It also made me finish my margarita in record time!  Fuego Tacos has a sangria remix (both red & white mixed) that was pretty good too. The white sangria lightened up the heavy red a lil bit and made it just perfect for a hot afternoon.  There's another couple tacos I want to try as well as the Sangria-Rita (margarita with a float of red sangria), so I will be back!
Great food and friendly servers. I think I even met the owner a couple times. Everybody is super nice. I absolutely LOVE the chips & salsa. The salsa is made fresh daily, and is usually a bit different every time you go. Not different in a bad way, just different. More chunky, less chunky. More spicy, more sweet, etc. The tacos are great, especially the barbacoa taco! My fav!   The ambiance is on the modern side with club/down tempo music playing on occasion, but nothing too loud or obnoxious. Its a small place, so don't expect to cram a party of 30 in there anytime soon.   The prices are decent, mixed drinks are a bit on the stiff side, but at least you get your money's worth, right?
I was at the social media day gathering at the Ritz-Carlton and found this place on the Veebow app's "nearby" feature. The place was empty so I sat at the bar and ordered a couple of happy hour drinks. The bartender, Maureen, recommended the a pork taco plate wi rice and beans. I wasn't expecting the tacos to have Mangos, but it was a nice touch.   I'll keep it simple- food was great, service was great, ambiance was cool (they had art for sale on the walls) and even better, the two beers on tap are my favorites- Shock Top and Landshark. I'll definitely be back.
Ok, so we ended up here as a fluke. Went upstairs to watch a movie, only 2 seats were left and they were in the front row...um...for a 3D movie...um...no. (I'm not saying 'no' because I feel as though front row seats are beneath us...I'm saying 'no' because we actually bought those seats and gave it the old college try. It sucked BTW)  Anyway, we had them exchange those tix for a later show and tried to figure out what to do next (go home and wait a couple hours for the movie, walk around across the street, do a little shopping, or...). So we chose 'or...' and went looking for some early dinner or drinky drinks. We checked out a couple of places, the Merc didn't even seem to be open, WTH? and decided to check this spot out. We were immediately seated upstairs at a table overlooking the restaurant (there was only 1 table left) and proceeded to be impressed by each item the waitress brought out...chips & salsa (YUM!), empanadas (DOUBLE...now TRIPLE YUM! THEY ARE SOOOOO GOOD AND LOVED THE (oops, I'll stop yelling) topping on there. I had the pernil asado burrito and my darling hubbalub had the short rib barbacoa burrito...I think his may have been a little yummier than mine, but not by much. Super tasty...way too much food. As we sat in the movie theater, I'm pretty sure we were both wishing the chairs were full recliners so we could just curl up and doze off into a food coma.
Have eaten here several times, usually take advantage of HH pricing (can't be beat!).  I've had pretty much every taco they order and everything is outstanding.  The food always comes out so fast, I wonder if they actualy prepare it or if it's just sitting back there to quickly throw together. It's still pretty darn good.  Their original restaurant, Fuego Bistro is my favorite restaurant in town. So I enjoy giving this place my business.  We just don't go to Tacos as much anymore because everytime we have been there the service has been pretty poor.  The servers seem overworked and too busy to be nice to you.  I could understand going on an off night, I was a server for several years, too.  But every single visit it has been like that.  I really wish I could give this place more stars, because I love Bistro so much, but I have not been there once when the servers weren't rude.  :(  It's sad because Fuego Bistro is so good in food and service, and the food at Tacos is so good, just not the service.  Also, I keep thinking this would stop being annoying but it isn't - they servers have a small closest that they keep their belongings in, and there is an insanely bright light inside that shines right in your eyes every time they open the door.  It is terribly annoying, especially in a restaurant that seems upscale and is a little dark inside (which I don't mind).
Really good tacos.  Server was a riot.  I would be back here if it wasn't several hundred miles out of my neighborhood.
They do kind of hassle you a bit if you have a Groupon or some kind of deal so I'd say just go and do the happy hour.  Its not that bad of a deal.  The chips and salsa you get is pretty fantastic.  The chips are thicker than typical - almost like pita chips.  Salsa is a pureed chipotle type, not a pico de gallo type.  The taste is pretty good and the chips aren't terribly greasy.    We got the barbacao taco plate, the queso dip and the sweet potato fries.  The barbacao tacos weren't great..  We're huge fans of this dish at fuego bistro but they taste a lot better as a short rib with cornbread than as a taco.  The rice and beans that come on the platter are very good.  I would try a different taco.    The queso dip was unusually bland.  The consistency was very rich and thick but somehow it doesn't taste very good.  We ended up mixing in the salsa and it improved the taste quite a bit.  You also seem to get way less chips than you would think you'd need for about a cup and a half of queso..  The sweet potato fries were awesome!  The batter is pretty light and with the right amount of salt.  Some of the fries were limp and some were crunchy, but all in all a very good menu item and a steal at $3.  The chipotle ranch sauce that comes with is pretty fabulous as well.    All in all, the location kind of sucks.  Its always more hassle than I like when you have to valet or validate - no matter how painless it is.  Especially now with the theater being a dinner serving type, its hard to find yourself there just to eat.  But if you're there, this place is pretty good!
My first visit to Fuego Tacos was totally pleasant ... once we actually found it!  It is tucked away at the back of what looks like a corporate building.      We were there mid-afternoon on a Saturday and there were only a handful of occupied tables.  The bar seemed very inviting, but alas, we were there with our one-year-old, so no major margaritas for me.  The food was great.  The tacos were very flavorful and the sweet potato fries were a hit with the babe.  I would definitely go back for another round, whether it be for a mid-afternoon late lunch or for happy hour during the week.
This little hole in the wall was recommended by the concierge at the Arizona Biltmore, since we were looking for some authentic Mexican food.  Sometimes a little Taco stand should be just that, a taco stand!   Hiding in a huge building, though the building may be bustling and alive during the day, at night it is very dead quiet. We should have known when we walked in and there was NO one around, and the security guard was just happy to see someone.  Now if you want to have an intimate dinner where NO ONE will see you, this is the place!  Cause there is NO one there, and that may be because of the location or it may be because the food is nothing to write home about.  The food was alright, nothing that made you say, this is someplace I want to savor; as a matter of fact we left most of what we ordered on the plate. Though the service was good, since there were no other customers, it was just us, not much you can do. If you are looking for a nice bottle of wine, this is not the place; they have no selection at all, a house red wine and one other selection or a chardonnay.    The bill with tax was over 50 bucks, most of that was of course the wine and a drink.  Got a big kick out of the YELP COUPON on the site when I checked in that promoted a 0% (Yes ZERO Percent off your bill) when you showed them you checked in.  I showed this to our waitress and she said well sometimes it might show up when you refresh, but I will give you a 20% off, which of course she never did.  There have to be better taco places in Phoenix, I am sure!
I am sorry to say that they do not have karaoke any more.
I went to Fuego Tacos for the first time and had a deeply disturbing experience. There was a big TV over the bar area it is hard not to watch when it is right in front of you - especially the particular program that was on. It was some redneck hunting series with a viewer discretion warning stating; "The following program shows graphic content of animal slaughter and butchering..." I should have walked out right then, but we had already ordered dinner and cocktails, which was all quite expensive by the way.  After several hunting scenes in killing bear and other wildlife, it showed a graphic slaughtering of the family cow. Why would we want to be exposed to THAT while eating dinner? Why would a restaurant choose to display this type of programming anyway? I'm highly sensitive to that sort of imagery and choose not eat red meat for ethical and health reasons. I left there incredibly ill, most likely a psychosomatic response, however I've felt dreadfully sick all night. I told the server and she seemed oblivious to their choice of "entertainment". I went home and looked up the owner of the Fuego Restaurant Group, emailed him and have not yet heard back, so I decided to share it on yelp because I am still so distraught by what happened.
I FINALLY tried Fuego Tacos and I really really am a fan!   So here I was with a Yelp deal and an upcoming national taco day. I do like I do and text some of the InstagramAZ honeys to meet me up at the esplinade for a mini sunset photo walk and an excuse to have some margartias.   What an amazing combo for a Ladies Night! First off the starter chips and salsa was bomb! BOOM! the salsa has like chipotle flavor, not runny but hearty like steak! hahaha! We also ordered a few Queso appetizers. Dang... Let me say we could have been fine with that and our margaritas.   Just kidding! Of course we all order food! Tacos galore and delicious! Seasoned to perfection and sided with really good rice and beans. I am super picky about my rice, 'cuz you know, no one makes it like Nana used to. Not even moms. But I was really impressed! I am definitely coming back to this spotty and checking out all the other Fuego restaurants!  Oh! And they had no problem honouring my Yelp deal. Over all a very pleasant experience!
First of all don't buy more than one yelp coupon at a time cause you can only use one at a time and they stated that they prefer to give one ticket per table. Now I'm stuck with 2 more coupons that I probably won't use. The salsa was a little hot for me but the chips were fresh and delicious. We got the cheddar quest and it was delicious as well. I was very exited for the creamed corn side dish and it was a little hot for me but was delicious and I ate it even though my nose was running from it. I ordered the quesadilla and it was just basically plain chicken and cheese. Finally something not burning my mouth. My dinner guests had the Barbacoa burrito, which was huge, and the tilapia Cesar salad which looked good. Everyone ate all of their food! The service is where this place goes down hill. Had to wave her down for everything and wasn't overly friendly. If your going for the food it's pretty good just don't go there looking for the best service.
This place is fun and the food is delicious, great service and location! Try it before or after catching a movie!
It seems like this series of restaurants gets high marks here in town, but I don't get it.  We "had" to go here after our movie got cancelled upstairs at AMC Esplanade.  We needed dinner and this was the only place open in the dead-after-5pm Esplanade center.  Keep in mind this was a Monday night, so I didn't expect it to be wild and crazy, but it all just seemed so...haphazard.  Like, a choke-n-puke right in the middle of fancy Esplanade.  Food was totally average, completely unmemorable, although the menu made everything sound so "unique".  Over-priced.  Our server seemed confused by life.   Decor was sloppy and Ikea straight out of the box. Um, let's see.  I remember the bathroom being really cute.  Wow.  THAT's what I took away from that dining experience?  Fuego Cantina was open in north Phoenix for about five minutes.  So this company running Fuego doesn't totally know what's it doing, does it?  what's all the hooplah about?  BLECCH.  Avoid.
Fuego does a taco right.  I've been to their other location and tasted a couple of different amazing tacos (carne and pernil), but on my trip to this location, I tried the Short Rib Barbacoa marinaded in pineapple, soy, chipotle and Dr. Pepper with an incredible pineapple habanero hot sauce.  It was the absolute star of our meal.  The starter of queso was really tasty too, and I loved the churros to end our meal.  Who doesn't love fried, sugary food to end their meal??    The place was a bit empty, so I'm hoping that business is going well enough for them to stick around.  Those tacos are stellar!
My husband and I came to Fuego Tacos when they were having a special fixed menu and were pleasantly surprised. We both had a drink, an appetizer to share, our own entrees, and a dessert to share. For our drinks, I had this rum concoction that was both really fruity and strong. I really liked it! My husband had this ginger ale drink - like a dark and stormy. He wasn't too impressed, but he didn't come for the drinks anyway. For our appetizer, we had the empanadas - puff pastry with ground beef and cheese. I really liked these, but another miss in my husband's eyes. For dinner, we each ordered a signature entrée - two tacos with rice and black beans. The black beans were lacking in flavor - no spices at all! However, the tacos were good. I ordered the pernil asado, which is pork with mango salsa. My husband ordered the short rib barbacoa, which had hints of pineapple and spice. While they are not the best tacos in the world, we enjoyed them. As our evening came to a close, our waitress forgot to bring our dessert out and we had to remind her that we ordered the churros. She quickly brought us out some. Again, not the best churros, but still cinnamony and sugary.   Our experience wasn't bad, so we came back another time to enjoy dinner. This time the place wasn't as packed as our first time here and the tacos tasted the same. Overall, it's a decent place but parking is a hassle. If it was located somewhere else, we'd probably frequent it more often.
I was planning on grabbing a bite to eat after work with a friend, and thanks to some deals we read about, we came up with the idea of visiting Fuego Tacos.  We were able to get there before Happy Hour ended (which, by the way, is from 2-6 PM Mondays through Saturdays).  The restaurant was laid out very nicely with two stories of seating.  Surprisingly, there were very few people in the restaurant at the time.  The service was great; the waitress checked on us every few minutes.    Happy Hour deals included drink specials and $6 dishes.  We ended up grabbing drinks and ordering an appetizer (guacamole, queso, and salsa) and then I got chicken tacos while my friend got a taco salad.  Both dishes were good.  In fact, I think we overdid it and ate too much though!  There were buy one, get one free coupons in the Entertainment Book and Groupon deals (buy a $10 gift certificate for $3).  One strange thing...apparently, the website (fuegotaco.com) is no longer active.
I tried Fuego Tacos for the first time last weekend.  The place is nice enough, service was good, no complaints.  The food was absolutely ho-hum.  It seems disappointing given the look of the place and the fact it is located in an area with very good restaurants.  The price was fine.  I have no complaints, but can't think of a reason to go back.
Nice atmosphere, good food (not excellent by any means), and sub-average Moscow mules! Too sugary. Although the pirate mate drink was quite tasty.
two tacos dinners to go. fish and carne asado. both ok. place hard to find and parking was difficult. designed as a place for those working nearby or parked across the street in the mall. ok value to price, ok food, nothing to write home about
Let me start off by saying I would never go back. The prices didn't match the prices they had online and when questioned about it they informed me "Well these are the new higher prices". Um seriously?   The server kept coming over every 5 minutes, asking "do you need anything else?" instead of assessing the table and realizing what we actually needed, and extra plate to feed my niece, water in our water glasses, and for her to give us time to eat without interrupting.   I didn't particularly care for my BBQ quesadilla and my sister hated her Spicy veggie tacos. so all in all I wouldn't ever be a horrible friend and recommend this place.
Oh how I wish I had come here sooner. I don't hand out 5 stars for restaurants very often, but Fuego deserves it, shoot they deserve 6 but there isn't a way to do that.  We started with guacamole, it was perfect, slightly chunky, not overdone, just great avocados and perfectly seasoned.  For lunch I had the Pernil Asado tacos, scrumptious! They were served with the best rice and black beans ever made.  My mom had the vegetarian tacos, and 6 hours later she is still going on about how great they were.    Our server, Alex, made the meal, she was so sweet and attentive, our chips were promptly refilled, our tea never ran out, it was a pleasure to be her customers, she was just that good!!!!!  I will be back as soon as I can get there!    I was also happy to here that the other Fuego restaurants have patio seating which is dog friendly (call ahead) so I can take my poochies with me when I visit the other location.
Excellent food! Fuego's is actually located in the shops at Esplanade cuz Yelp map sucks! Haha
First things first, Yum! Some of the best tacos I have ever had. So much flavor I couldn't believe it.   We stopping in for dinner on a Tuesday night, very slow, only two other table in the place at the time. No biggie, its a tiny place so it wasn't too loud. Didn't get much of a smile or greeting when we walked in, the "waitress" (whom we found out was "just" the bartender) spoke in mumbles and I didn't get that she was letting us pick our own table until she just started at us for a few seconds. Anyway, we got a nice table and started to look over the drink menus, we were brought chips and salsa, excellent salsa by the way! The bartender/waitress continued the evening with little to no personality, asked if I knew what I wanted to drink, I said I wasn't ready and she just walked away, didn't even give my fiance a chance to order. My exact words were "Their food better be awesome to make up for this poor service."   Long story short, I hardly remember how wretched she was, the food was soooo good. Starting with the salsa I was impressed, the guac was very good as well, very fresh. I ordered the braised short rib tacos and he got the carne asada tacos, both amazing! So much flavor, just enough heat, and the rice and beans were good too, not an after thought like most Mexican style restaurants can make them.   Very very impressed with the food. But the service was meh at best. This woman not only had no personality, she didn't seem to want to be there at all. I over heard her telling another table that she hadn't even wanted to work there, at all, but her friend asked her for a favor so that is why she is there, and can tell us what she thinks is good but has no idea what is in anything. Really?!?! Wow, can we say unprofessional? She needs an attitude adjustment or to just get the hell out of there.   But please don't let that deter you, the food is great!!! The price is right (I think there is a groupon and a Yelp deal still going on).  Oh one side note.... the childlike handwritten notes in the front window... tacky! If you insist on having them there you should at least print them off the computer. But they are a little unnecessary anyway, we know we can only use one coupon per table.
Good food, nice environment. Went on happy hour and the service was just ok. Overall good experience
They were not very nice. Would not substitute any meats for other meats (as I don't eat prok and there is a ton of pork on the menu). They also would not make our food into a burrito like the menu said it would at no cost. Would not come back
Nope not good atall was very disappointed. salsa was weird tasting, tacos were bland, and the rice tasted like ricearoni not sure where the authentic Mexican food angle came from but it couldn't be further from the truth. Not never coming back. If you have trouble finding it take it as a sign to go somewhere else.
I have been to Fuego Tacos twice, I was hoping the second time around would be better but it wasn't. we got there about 40 minutes before closing, we were rushed in reminded that  we needed to order quickly, (40min) before closing, I ordered a Margarita, was not happy with the Margarita because it was way too sweet, told my waitress I could not even taste the tequila,  instead of taking it back, she said to order a shot of tequila of Patron which I ended up ordering because indeed the margarita was beyond overpowering, I ordered the shrimp tacos, they were dry and just o.k, the food at Arriba down the street is half the price and twice as good, will never go back to Fuego again, very disappointed in how the waitress handled the situation. They need to work on customer service skills, if I am paying $10 a margarita, I expect them to make it right, if the food isn't that great, and the drinks aren't up to par, why would I bother coming back??
To be fair, this was a pit stop in between movies at the Esplanade.  I had the Esplanade margarita which is a glass of spicy heaven.  Jalapeno infused vodka with a cumin-salt rim?  You had me at hello.
I went here a couple days ago with a friend for a late lunch and the happy hour really blew us away. We discovered Fuego Tacos through this new iPhone app called Whistl, its great if you are a foodie!  We started with the chips and salsa which were delicious. The salsa had a good, thick consistency, not watery like a lot of places. We had the Short Rib Sliders ($6) and the Spicy Vegetable Quesadilla ($6). The slides were fantastic. the red bbq sauce the put on it had the perfect amount of tang and sweetness. The quesadilla was huge! It was spicy, but not too spicy. Definitely a great vegetarian option. Both items along with the chips and salsa were the perfect size for a late lunch.   I would definitely recommend this place, especially for the happy hour, about 10+ items all for $6! Aso, download the Whistl app on your iPhone if you want to see more great deals in your area, I've been using it for a couple days now and have already found some great new spots to eat! It's free and theres no ads or sign up!
We ended up here by mistake. Yey! So glad we did.
The tacos here are very good.  I'm a foodie and can be very critical but overall the food here is good.    I had the chipotle cream shrimp tacos and the ingredients were very fresh.  The shrimp had tremendous flavor and wasn't overcooked!  Nothing worse than tough, over cooked shrimp...these were done right!  The portion sizes are good for someone with a hefty appetite.  (Like me)  The server I've had here a couple of times is socially awkward, she doesn't come across very friendly but I think that's just her personality.  Overall a thumbs up for Fuego!
I really love the food at all the Fuegos!  We finally had the Empanadas as an appetizer for lunch and they are to die for. I could really eat their empanadas all day (which is why there is no picture, it was gone before I thought to take one).  I had the Short Rib Tacos and my friend had the same in a burrito.  It is some of the best meat I have ever tasted.  I'm not sure how they do it but the meat is magically melt in your mouth. The chips and salsa are also super delicious.  My only issue was that the waitress/bartender was a bit abrupt and highly overworked. She was niceish when she actually was talking to us but that was a rare occurence. There was another girl walking around but I'm not sure what her function was because she didn't really take any orders.  She would clear plates and that's it.  It's not a really large restaurant but the way it's set up makes it difficult for 1 person to handle the bar and the tables.
Getting worse and worse. Has definitely changed in quality and personality since last year. We were so excited about this place when it first opened. Blackened Tilapia Caesar salad was one we craved. We loved the man that was there too, I think he was/is the owner.  We haven't seen him in months and the staff has seemed to change.  Not only has the waitstaff got to (BLEEP) but the food too.  The blackened tilapia is no where near as delicious as it was before and there is some funky too sweet for a caesar salad going on. I could probably go on and on about our waitress who didn't seem to have much screws tight in her head at all.  How about be happy about your job or dont rub your bad day on us.  If you have nothing to do all day and want to wait on your waitress, go here. If you have a life and dont want to waist hours on hours then definitely do not go here.  Revo Burrito down Camelback is WAY BETTER than this place
The cabbage on the Carne asada tacos was excellent!
And the worst service ever award goes to...... Fuego !!! We walked into an empty restaurant on a hot summer afternoon when there was nobody in the restaurant. We had a group of about 10 people, and let me remind you again, the restaurant was empty. We were greeted by two servers who had a look of absolute disgust that a large party was at their doorstep. Without us even saying a word, one lady told is there was no way we could all sit together. Good afternoon to you too, lady. We went upstairs to be out of their way and there were a few four top tables right next to each other. We took it upond ourselves to push them all 1 foot so that we could sit together. We didn't rearrange the dining area. When she took our orders, she told us that she could not do separate checks. I begged her to split up the bill into groups of 4 (how we were arranged at the four top tables), and she begrudgingly said that was okay. It took over an hour for her to get our orders and for us to get our meals. We were at the restaurant for 2 and a half hours. Meanwhile, a group of 5 people had walked in 30 minutes after us, were pleasantly greeted, and seated next to our table. She took their orders, served them meals, and nicely split their checks for each person (but there was no way she could do that for the 10 of us). They came and left within an hour.   That was one of the worst restaurant experiences I have ever had. Phoenix is a Mecca of good restaurants and there are plenty of other delicious places nearby that treat their customers kindly.  I'm surprised Fuego is still in business. I will never go back.
The Fuego Tacos location in the Biltmore area is in a great area for me.  I have only been to Fuego once and it was during happy hour.  All the reviews I had read said to make sure you go to Fuego at happy hour to get the good deals so you are able to try a variety of dishes.  And coincidentally enough, that's what happened!  Instead of ordering one dish, I was able to order 4 (smaller portions) and try everything.  I really enjoyed the pulled pork.  This is more of a bar/restaurant to come to after work for a nice margarita.  I will definitely come back and try some more dishes.
Good food and good prices! It had a fun atmosphere as well.
Pretty dead on a Wednesday night. Their chips are really good and will salvage a star. They charged 50 cents for a tiny tin of pico de gallo ("the kitchen makes us charge for anything that comes out").  Tacos were nothing to write home about. La Condesa is similar concept but much better execution...and they love their grouponers...or at least they don't give people a hard time.  I paid $14 for two tacos with rice and beans. My LA friends would shoot me.    We had trouble redeeming expired groupons. Waitress made it seem like she was doing us a favor to remove the paid value (3 whole dollars), which never expires and must be honored by the merchant per the fine print. They wouldn't let us subtract the paid value from a 2nd expired groupon ($3).  Anyone, please correct me if I'm wrong but my understanding is that expired vouchers become treated like cash. Fine print says PROMOTIONAL value can't be combined with other offers, nothing about expired PAID values.  Manager (Missy) said she didn't have any written groupon contract in the restaurant (why not?) so I showed her the fine print on my phone.  Acknowledges what she reads but still insists the owner (who's not around, supposedly his name is Joe) says they can't do anything else. She said I can send him a message. I ask how do I do that if he's not here and she says "on yelp" so here I am!  If you're going to partner with groupon, then honor the groupon rules...or have the rules on hand to show a customer he's wrong if he is misunderstanding something!   Missy tried to make things right with a VIP voucher for future visits saying it was a better deal than the $3 groupon.  Actually, it's not because I'd have to buy two drinks and an entree to get a free entree instead of spending just $3 to get $10 worth of food. Regardless, it's the principle of the matter not a lousy $3. Just be happy we tipped well on the original bill.   I hate when Yelp reviews become rants, but they must be done!
When eating at a mexican resturant the first impression in my opinion is the chips & salsa that u get,and we always thought that they brought you chips & salsa  automatically, but we had to ask for them which i thought we shouldnt have to done.  that being said the salsa was good but the chips were cooked to a near burnt crisp, when we asked our waitress for some non-burnt chips her snooty response was, we cook them fresh but i can try. Well if ur cook cannot cook chips makes me little worried how rest of the food will be cooked im thinking. Seems to me it would be easy enuff to just back off the cooking time to solve this problem, but hey im no chef so my way of thinking could be wrong, but i doubt it. My g/f was gonna order the nachos, but after seeing our first order of chips she decided against it. She ordered the bean,queso,an gaucomole trio instead. It came with a bowl of bean dip, a bowl of queso and a THIMBLE sized serving of gaucomole which i thought was a rip-off in my opinion, one would think it being a trio that ALL bowls should be same size. I ordered the Cubano sliders ( which i would highly recommend because they are very good and was actually the only GOOD thing about our first time visit here).......But in my opinion this is not a place to visit for mexican food....We would NEVER go back
Food is average, but if you enjoy eating at a place that treats you like they're doing you a favor by letting you eat there, this is the place for you.
Few things I dislike more than when you have a memory of dish that you loved and it haunts you to the point that you have to go back to the restaurant to order it again and you're faced with utter disappointment.  That's my story with Fuego Tacos.    Two years ago I wrote about the awesome spicy veggie tacos at this joint.  Man, they were good!!!  Despite numerous trips back to Phoenix since that time, I was never able to make it back to Fuego despite that craving for the tacos.  Lo and behold, I finally get an opportunity to go back and now I wish I hadn't.  I was suspicious that something had changed because the menu descibed the tacos as being housed in a crispy shell.  That's not at all what I remembered.  I recalled a melange of hot, spicy veggies cased in a warm corn tortilla.  I even asked the waitress who haughtily informed me that the veggie tacos had always come in a hard shell.  Hmmm.... that should have been my clue.  I figured maybe the shell won't make a big difference.  Wrong.  What I received instead was cold cabbage and other unrecognizable cold "stuff" jammed into a taco shell with shredded cheese on top.  Not the least bit appetizing and not at all what I remembered!  I was extremely disappointed.    The only reason I gave a 3-star rating this time is because the chips and salsa were decent.  I'm sure some of the other tacos are too but that veggie mess needs to go!
Fuego Taco (now Fuego del mar) used to be a great spot for lunch. great tacos, great chips and salsa, great service. now, all that is left are the tacos, obscured the name. chips and fresh salsa are gone. gift cards are practically useless and VIP card must be used without gift cards. the restaurant has long suffered an identity crisis due to location and tethering to the nearby movie theater  Now, ownership seems determined to squeeze the last penny out of customers by doing away with perq's and staple food at any mexican restaurant.   Tacos have not been defiled, but the rest of the experience had degraded to pitiful and forgettable.
Service is lacking to say the least.  There is literally one other couple in here and after 10 minutes we have water.  I guess that is why they need to offer groupons to get customers in here.  Live and learn.
Some notes: restaurant is located in the Esplandade with the AMC cinema and to the east of the Ritz Carleton.  Best bet is to park in the parking garage and then go to the walking mall.  Even so, it's tough to find.  Don't give up.  Also, it is no longer Fuego Tacos, but now Fuego del Mar, with a seafood-centric menu.    That being said.  I was pretty edgy by the time we arrived.  We're from Cave Creek and had been out shopping and then had a heck of a time finding the place, so we arrived about 8.15---pretty close to closing.  And I had a Groupon---and there are Yelp reviews that said the staff DOESN'T like Groupon-ers.  Greeted by guy that I assume is the gent someone described as "XL".  He's just a little round.  And was a warm, welcoming fella.  He beamed a smile at us, waved at dining room and told us to sit wherever we wanted.  We chose a cozy booth in the corner.  Our server was there in moments with menus and take our drink orders.  I wish I remembered her name---dark hair in a pony-tail, glasses, and really personable and nice despite it being the end of the night and we were late-comers.    Nice ambiance---exposed brick walls, soft light, great music---DH would have liked their playlist!  TROUBLE: she hands us the menu.  Except for one dish, everything is seafood.  Fuego Tacos is now Fuego del Mar.  DH doesn't like fish and is semi-allergic to shellfish.  I asked if he wanted to leave, and he said no, we had gone thru too much to find the place---he would just order the one non-seafood dish.  At least he didn't have to make a lot of choices!  So DH ordered the Pernil Asada, which was described as slow-cooked pork topped with mango-chile salsa.  His sides were the Green Chile-Bacon Hushpuppies and the Latin Succotash.  I ordered their signature dish of Seafood Chile Rellenos---a poblano pepper stuffed with shrimp, crab and tilapia in a lobster-tomato sauce with hush puppies and Pineapple-Serrano Cole Slaw.  For drinks, DH got the house red and I got a Pomegranate Adult Lemonade.  Drinks arrived in less than 5 minutes.  DH very happy with something he thought would be bottom row plonk.  My Adult Lemonade was SO delicious---I had to be careful!  I could have drank several of them.  It tasted like lemonade with a hint of fruit---but it definitely had alcohol in it!  Entrees arrived within 15 minutes of the drinks.  DH's was all on one plate.  Three hush puppies, Latin Succotash---which looked delish---and a mound of pork with the salsa.  Not super pretty.  My presentation was much more beautiful---a mammoth poblano pepper in a puddle of light red sauce.  Slaw and hush puppies on the side.  Lovely presentation.  My only comment is that serving something in a bowl (albeit large) that needs to be cut is problematic.  I'd like to say how wonderful DH's meal was, but basically I got one bite of his pork---that's all he would share---before he devoured it.  He said it was one of the best pork dishes he had ever enjoyed.  He felt like he was in the Caribbean!  I got no bites of the Succotash, darn him---looked so good!  He scarfed it all!   His hush puppies went that fast too!  Was my seafood Chile Relleno the best thing EVER?  No, but it was VERY, VERY GOOD!  Beautifully cooked, not greasy,  seafood not overcooked at all, the lobster-tomato sauce was delicious.  Again, only quibble I have is serving it in a bowl.  It was a very deep bowl too---a smaller girl might have had trouble reaching in there, but I am fairly tall and long-armed.  The hush puppies---shut my mouth, darlin', but they were dang good!  Lots of lovely, bacon-y flavor, a hint of heat, and a touch sweet.  What is it with those Yankees not adding a bit of sweet to their cornbread?  Whoever made these knew what they were doing.  The Pineapple-Serrano Cole Slaw was in a citrus-y, non-creamy dressing and the crispness, the fruitiness and the heat was a perfect counterpoint to the richness of the Relleno.  Huge portion---I ended up bringing home half the Relleno, Slaw and two hush puppies---LUNCH!  YUM!  DH swined his plate so it's deli turkey for him, hahaha!  Bonus---ended up talking to the gentleman in the booth next to us---so interesting.  He is a musician who's lived all over the US and the world---Europe and the Middle East.  Really neat guy.  I wouldn't live in the City, but I love visiting the City 'cause you meet the most interesting people!  So at the end, I pulled out my Groupon and gave it to our server, apologizing that I had "hid" it until the end, but that Yelp reviews had indicated Groupon-ers got short shift as far as service went.  She took it graciously with a smile and said one of the issues was when they were Fuego Tacos, people ordered $9 plates than proferred a $10 Groupon.  Not nice.  (BTW, Fuego del Mar entrees from $20-$25) For sure, we will be back.  It's a field trip for us, but worth it.  Just an all-around good experience.
A real disappointment.   1. location.. a really bad old mall space. A really bad restaurant layout. Horrible.  2. Bad sevice. Slow, Slow, Slow,   3. As Fuego Del Mar.. MUCH BETTER but my food was not HOT.. great flavors. slow service only slightly warm food.  I won't be going back..
Meh.  I've eaten here for lunch three times, each time I'm less impressed.  I have a limited diet, try hard to avoid sugar too, and even the tilapia filet had a sweet sauce and the can't substitute rice/beans for veggies.  Tilapia and fish tacos were pretty bland and not worth the calories.  The tacos on the menu all had sweetened cabbage and seemed to be lacking in fresh veggies.  It's a shame, my co-workers seem to love it!  I bet it's good for those without restrictions, but too hard to stay on track here.
Fuego taco is a hidden treasure in the Esplanade.   The Happy Hour menu is awesome.. so much to choose from, good luck trying to narrow it down.    The Cubano sliders were so delicious, the carne tacos were huge and filling, the salsa was so tasty, the ceviche had a great twist ... i recommend stopping in for a drink or two and happy hour delight.
We love to try new restaurants and this one popped up with a Groupon offer for $30, so we thought we would give it a shot.  It was very disappointing.  The only reason why we gave this some stars was because our waitress Amanda was funny and inviting.  Unfortunately she was the only waitress and doubled as the bartender, but she did hustle and do their best.  Our first problem?  People will think we are harsh, but the person who sat us (the only other person in the restaurant) seemed to have a hearing impairment.  He said nothing to us, didn't welcome us and when we asked a question, he ignored us.  I know - he's deaf (or partially) but why would you put such a person at the front door?  It took us at least 20 minutes to figure out why he was "so rude" to us.  We ordered (supposedly) the two best items on the menu.  The pasta and the enchiladas del mar.  The pasta was watery and spicy.  The del mar was unremarkable with overcooked rubbery seafood.   I love seafood and I love Mexican seafood, but they have nothing but seafood on the menu.  If you want meat or chicken you are SOL.  The drinks were good.  Service took a while since poor Amanda was just about everything rolled into one.  We think it would have been better for hearing impaired guy to be running the bar (and bussing) and having Amanda be waitress and hostess.  Just our opinion.  The other problem is the location in the Esplanade.  This is just an odd place for business.  It has an annoying "pay-only" garage, within a dead area, with no vibrant shops.  Getting in and out isn't easy either.   We remember way back when, when McCormack and Schmidt was a bustling restaurant here.  It just seems that nothing succeeds in the Esplanade across from those Biltmore shops.  Even the pedestrian walkway didn't help.  How many people were killed leaving the Esplanade and running across the street to the Biltmore?  That ought to be an indicator.   We don't know why or how things fail in the Esplanade it's just one of those things.  It's like the old Galleria Mall failing directly across the street from The Fashion Square.   It was a $90 bill, minus the $30 Groupon, plus tip.  Was it worth it?  We don't think so.  Would we go again?  No.  There's better Mexican food in the valley, closer and a lot cheaper.  We don't think this place will last long.  Its seems everyone in there had a Groupon or an Amazon local coupon.  They actually had a sign at the door explaining the rules.  That to me that points to a problem when the only reason people will visit your joint is with a coupon.  And the best part?   When we go to restaurants we usually will "check in" on Yelp.  Sometimes we get offers or not.  The photo, is the offer we received when we checked in.  (Palm to face)
I am not a big fan of AMANDA (owner and waitress), or Fuego Del Mar A.K.A. Fuego Tacos!  If you are new in the area or just visiting, please watch out for this restaurant!! I assure you this place will give you suspicions. What's the point of having a groupon deal if the business does not welcome newcomers! Please please be careful yelpers.  (Just needed to repost here)
This place has great vegetarian options- we had the veggie tostadas and the black bean quesadillas. Both were full of flavor! Their chips and salsas plate was great because the salsas actually all taste substantially different from each other-- it's not some Pico de gallo and then the same thing put through a blender. Each salsa actually taste like it was made with different flavors in mind and perfectly complements all main courses.   The drinks are also presented in funky glasses and are super cool looking.   My biggest complaint unfortunately is that the service is SUPER slow, this is no place to get in n out.
I like the location of this place and the quaint inside of it too. I've gone three times due to groupon deals. The first two times I went about a year or two ago it was nice, the happy hour had good deals, and the chips and salsa were complimentary and were really good. But the last time I went very recently ago, things had changed alot. The waitress wasn't friendly and did not explain things well on what we could and could not use the groupon for at happy hour times. She was actually very confused and kept contradicting herself and changing her mind on what we could use the groupons for. Then chips and salsa was no longer complimentary so we didn't get any. Then our food finally came out (tostados and tacos) and it was really cold and and tasted horrible so I didn't even eat a quarter of it and the waitress didn't even ask me about it to see why I barely touched it. So disappointing that they've gotten so cheap there and now have bad service!
If you're looking to satisfy your craving for Central American( Salvadoran style) cuisine, Pupuseria Cabanas will fulfill that need. It's tucked away in a parking lot on the Southeast corner of Eastern and Sahara, where Subway is located. Here, you will delight yourself in flavorful dishes, of Spanish and Amerindian influences; authentic in it's preparation, made by friendly people. The pupusas here, are delicious and taste great the next day. I enjoyed their  yuca con chicharron, pastelitos, and other dishes. They always have fresh fruit beverages, like tamarindo and guanabana, plus Salvadoran horchata, and most importantly, friendly staff.  Which in my opinion , are ingredients for a nice experience.
The pupusas were gross and so were the waitresses with their rotten attitude. Never ever going back again.
The wife and I drove across town to try Los Antojos. A sign in the window, in Spanish, explained they were closed for the day due to some kind of an emergency.  No problem, lets try this pupuseria next door. First impressions, this place is hot. The fans are going but they are just churning the hot air around. And everything we touch is sticky from a layer of grease, myself included. No problem. The help is friendly and attentive, but the food had better be a home run.... swing and a miss. The milanesa was good if a bit overcooked, it's easy to do. Very good rice and beans, delicious. Handmade central american tortillas, fantastic. But the pupusas were just OK. In fact, one of the pupusas, chicken, had an old funky chicken taste. You know, like when you have a rotisserie chicken that has been sitting in the fridge for a few days too long, but it's a sin to waste food, so you choke down the funky chicken. You know, right? No? OK, maybe it's a guy thing. Overall not really a bad place, but at it's best Pupuseria Cabanas does not set itself apart.
The pupusas were great.  I loved them.  When I called to order, the lady on the phone was annoyed with me because I asked what kinds pupusas they served.  Other than that, no complaints.
Pupusas were okay. Not great but not bad. I walk in with my in laws to order a dozen pupusas of different kinds done cheese, rebultas, locoro and others. The lady seemed annoyed I had questions. Not great service. Place seems not as up kept as if could be. With dirty tables and unswept floors. When i got my order I open the bag and to check I notice she gave me the tinniest amount of curtido of repollo. I had to buy more. It Was like 1/4 of a small ziplock for 12 Pupusas.
The pupusas were okay as in ate them cause I paid for them they were salty refried beans the pina agua fresca was too sugary I've  tasted others and this was the worst so far never going back there again
Yummy cheap street eats. It's a happening food truck without the wheels, no need to follow em' on twitter, they are here to stay. I am in no way shape or form an expert on the food of Venezuela, but I know delish when I taste it, and there are some mighty fine treats coming out of this window. I sampled strictly the Arepas. What the heck is an Arepa? Kind of a grilled corn shell, like a mash up of a sope and papusa, but hand sliced down the middle like a hamburger bun. After that just pick the  filling(s) you want and enjoy. I particularly like the black bean and cheese and the tongue. Perico is the kitchen sink and really good too. Don't forget that crazy good green sauce, don't worry, it's not hot, but does burst with flavor. Arepas run $2.75-$4.00 Empanadas are $1.99 Venezy drinks are $1.49-dude hooked me up with free refills, don't know if that's the norm though. I tried 2 beverages Parchita which is a very sweet fruit punch thing, and the star by far was the Guanabana drink, which comes from the native southern hemisphere fruit of the same name. Very light, clean and refreshing taste. Bonus, they claim only fresh ingredients and no MSG, no microwave, and no can openers.
Hit I LUV AREPAS for a quick lunch snack - I think it's actually smaller than a food truck !  I originally thought it replaced the Naked City Sammie space but not true - a stand alone shack on Dino's  parking lot ( maybe it uses the NC space for prep work ... not sure )   Had the pollo arepas ( $3 ) and the carne ( $3.50 )   Comes with a side of spicy and mild sauce - damned if I know what's in them  the spicy had a smokiness to it, the Mild a cream base - both very good.  The arepas ??  I actually like the pollo more but both were very good.  They basically take a corn based thick pancake,  cut in 1/2 and stuff with meat - no frills - simple food with great flavor .  I wanted a bacon dog ($2.25 ) but not ready yet - next time because there will be many next times  crappy pics added
We had about an hour before Paolo D.'s Foto Walk in Downtown, so we stopped by for a quick bite...The only other arepas we've tried was Gran Colombia(next to Pho 87) Colombian style arepas which were totally different in taste and presentation.  As always, we go with the chef's suggestions so we got the Reina Pepiada and the Carne Mechada. Everything here is made to order, so expect to wait awhile especially when more people find out about this place. Chef Felix takes each masa cake and splits it down the center creating a pocket like a pita and stuffs it with your desired filling.  The Reina Pepiada tasted basically like a cold chicken salad with bits of hot dog which were also cold. Maybe that's the way its supposed to be, but not one I would order again.  The Carne Mechada was served hot and a bit more flavorful-saucy shredded beef and peppers, this one was "messy good" as the chef suggested "step back and take a bite so you don't get it all over your shirt"  The Passionfruit drink was also refreshing too. Definitely coming back for some of his other selections...Tongue and Tripe? HELLS YEAH!?...ALOHA!!!
This place is amazing, The food is super tasty, service is great and very authentic food. Its been open for a week and I already visted twice.
Its hard to find arepas in Los Angeles, so I was estatic when a friend found this little joint for me (Thanks Nich!)  I Love Arepas was only on its 3rd day of being open, so of course there is always room for improvement.   Felix was very accomidating to our needs.  He said the best arepa to try was the reina pepiada which is shredded chicken, pieces of hot dogs tossed in mayo, cheese and avocado. It was light but wasnt my cup of tea. I wouldnt order this again.   Next, we had the carne mechada, which was way better!  Last, we were going to order the chicken but decided to get the pernil (pork butt). Felix wanted to make us happy so we told him if he could add black beans and salted cheese. This one was my fav! The arepas itself was very moist and not very heavy at all as opposed to Caracas in New York.  As for a place just starting out,  Felix knows he has to make some changes to the menu and the venue (adding chairs, tv outside), which i commend him for listening to his customers, as he took note of our suggestions.  The arepas are great, but there needs to be a variety of components instead of just a meat filling.   Will def be back to see the improvements that will be made.
I stopped by the stand on my way into Dino's for karaoke. Service was quick---Felix, the owner/manager was very friendly and offered samples of different fillings, like reina pepiada (a chicken salad with avocado and green peas) and tripa. Ended up getting the classics: frijoles negros con queso (black beans and cheese) and pollo machado (shredded chicken). The arepas are very good sized-- I have been to other places that give you arepas the size of dollar coins. Not here!! The arepas are 4 inches of authentic tastiness. I wish I wasn't just visiting this weekend so I could eat here all the time... In fact, I think I'll go again tomorrow.
Hmm. Do I love arepas? Thanks to this tiny food stand under the shadow of the Stratosphere Tower, I'd have to say a resounding YES!  I had never heard of this culinary item until I found out about this place. Some compare arepas (Venezuelan) to pupusas (Salvadoran). It's a fair comparison, but they're not quite the same. I say the only real way to find out is to try them for yourself. You won't regret it.  I've been here twice now. First, I tried the tripe, which was killer. The next time, I tried the tongue, which was similarly murderous. Now, if you don't like tripe or tongue, this place isn't going to change your mind. Don't worry, they also serve your basic fillings, like beef and chicken.  Currently, the only problem I have with this place is the slow service. Basically, it's like the chef has to do all the work because the hired help is incredibly incompetent. Fortunately, the last time I was there, I talked to the chef and he said he hired a new employee and she was starting the next day. Honestly, it hasn't been a huge inconvenience so far, but if there ever was a long line here, watch out. I'm hoping the new employee works out.  In any event, I'm a fan of this place. Arepas, I love thee.
YUM.  I tried arepas for the first time last night, and I'm sold.  These things are amazing.  I was swooning with every bite.  I had spoken with the owner earlier in the week and he told me that the arepa dough is made with milk, but that he would be happy to make me a special vegan one if I was willing to wait for it.  Well, Saturday night, drunk and hungry, I was more than willing to wait.  And I am so glad that I did! He made me a gorgeous arepa filled with black beans, and topped with freshly sliced avocado and tomato.  I have not stopped thinking about this food since I finished eating it, and I will definitely be going back soon.  The arepa dough was crispy from the grill on the outside (and btw, they cleaned the grill and made mine off to the side of all the other ones!) and almost fluffy on the inside.  The fillings were so fresh and tasty too! Every bite put a smile on my face.    As a regular at Dino's, I am so thrilled to have a late night, vegan friendly food option to help me soak up the booze! And I really appreciate how super friendly and accommodating the folks who run the place were.    My carnivorous friends went crazy over their non-vegan pork arepas too... and in fact everyone I saw get food there seemed pleased.  If you've never tried arepas you have been missing out!
I LOVE AREPAS TOO!!!  I have to say, I was born and raised in Venezuela, and these arepas on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd and Wyoming are just like if they were made  by my own mother! holly cow! I had tear in my eye when I had the first bite!  I had to call my family back home in Venezuela to share with them the joy of having "authentic" Venezuelan food...  The place, is typical, very similar to what you would find in any corner in a Venezuelan city. The food, all fresh, made from scratches, with real corn flour, and made in front of your eyes. All the ingredients are prepared daily and the rest is just enjoy and invite!!!   Its totally worth to visit, prices are very affordable and the attention 5 stars! Next time you are arond, stop by and you will see what I am talking about!!!  Pa'l Gocho!  (Del Maracucho)
I can official say that I (really do) Love Arepas. Like Paolo D. I had the lengua and tasted the tripe arepas. Highly recommend both.  For those unfamiliar, here's a quick description lifted from wikipedia (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arepas): "Arepa is a native sort of bread made of ground corn, water, and salt which is fried into a pancake-like bread. It is either topped or filled with meat, eggs, tomatoes, salad, cheese, shrimp, or fish."  Paolo D. and I came here on a recommendation from Nelson Q. Best recommendation ever. I've had arepas before and they were usually overly greasy or their filling was under-seasoned, but this place hit the spot. Maybe I got lucky and ordered two fillings that I really enjoyed, but I was one happy camper after having an arepa.   The one downside is that there's absolutely nowhere to sit (this place is in a kiosk-like location in a parking lot in downtown -- think food truck without the wheels). Also I was really confused about how the ordering/paying worked because the guy working the cashbox really didn't seem to know what he was doing.
tried to go today at lunchtime:  but didn't realize it doesn't open until 3:00pm...would have been nice had someone posted that critical bit of information...so I am - in the hopes that it saves someone else a trip and will be back another day...
A-MAZE-ING! These arepas are so tasty- my sister and I went twice in three days (and we were only in town for four!) I'll be recommending this to any of my friends going to Vegas. If you're staying on the strip- it's worth the drive. Yum!
Word is starting to spread about I Love Arepas and boy oh boy does it live up to all the buzz it's receiving. At a little less than $4 a pop, you're going to end up walking away from this food stand with a mouth full of smiles and belly full of happy.  If you asked me what an arepa was a few hours ago, I'd reply back with a blank stare and a scratch of the head. Ask me this in the present, and you'll find me blindingly reciting the Wikipedia description word-for-word, while dual-wielding an arepa in each hand.  The arepa is basically a fried flat cornmeal based sandwich filled generously with a meat of choice. Here, at I Love Arepas,  they have all of the usual meats that you'd find at a taco shop (beef, carne asada, shredded chicken/beef, tripe, lengua, etc.), along with their own unique concoctions.   Since it was my first visit I was recommended these two items: *#1 Carne Mechada - Shredded beef, bell pepper, onions, tomato, garlic *#7 Reina Pepiada - Shredded chicken breast, avocado, mayonnaise,  cilantro, green peas  I'd say that the #7 came out the winner in this one, but the carne mechada was at a close second due to how meaty it was (shredded beef lovers rejoice!). My mouth is flooding with drool now that I'm recalling what I ordered just a few minutes ago. I'm going to make it a mission to try every item on their menu. Before you know it, I'll be a stuffed, wobbling arepa machine by the time I'm through with it.  One downside about I Love Arepas is that it's located in Stabbytown, USA. The area isn't the greatest. If you've been to Luv It Frozen Custard (across the street), you'd know what I mean. If hobos don't scare you, give I Love Arepas a shot without hesitation. If the common-day bearded hobo does give you the willies, bring a friend along with you and share the love.
ZOMG.  After my friend (who also works as a chef in the Comme Ca in vegas) told me to come here, I decided to give this place a try after one drunken night of drinking a bit too much of Mrs.Belvedere (Grey goose ftw).    Buy anywayz, I was DEFINITELY blown out of the sky with their Shredded Beef arepa.  It was f'in money (substitude "f" for watever you want).  Although I've never had an arepa, I DO know what good food is all about.  This place just hits a sweet spot that's so sweet, that your sweetness will die of being sweet.  I would never imagine myself giving a little food stand 5 stars, but I have no choice.    If you are looking for some drunk food in vegas, look no further.  In fact, you don't even have to be drunk to enjoy this place.  Just come here and enjoy a fantastic Venezuelan arepa.  Oh, and I also had the chance to take a bite of the empanada...fried to perfection.  For hangover pre-medication, try the sugar cane juice with lime.  For $1.50, you can't go wrong.  I was a little confused on how to get here (drunk, but I wasn't driving fyi), but coming from Las Vegas Blvd, head past the Stratosphere and stay on your right as you come to a fork.  You'll see it a block ahead.  This place closed at 12am.
I've been to this place 3 times and it is amazing.  Super tasty street food that is priced right.  I've never had Venezualan food before, but on my third visit we talked to two venezualan guys who said that the food was very authentic.  We've tried the chicken and cheese, the pork butt and the garlic shrimp.  All of which were fresh and extremely flavorful.  The soursop juice is also quite tasty!  It's a great little local place, I'll definitely be back!
Loved it!  Finally a food stand I can get behind!  This place is the real deal.  They cook the masa batter on a little flat top to order and fill 'em with your choice of meats and stuff.    Screw all of those hipster food trucks that are more about the twitter feed and the graphics on the truck than the food (yeah, you, sloppi jo's.  greasy, runny pork with no depth of flavor with an egg on top and an untoasted, stale, store-bought tortilla on the side?  no thank you).  Hey look at us!  We're a bunch of goofy 20 year olds who know nothing about food but check out our cool truck and tattoos and goofy dances and overpriced junkfood served in a parking lot!  To me the idea behind a truck is good, cheap food that's convenient.  If you have to DRIVE to the truck, then what's the point.  The truck should be where you are.  YOU shouldn't have to go to IT.    But I digress...  The masa pancake bread thing is crispy on the outside and creamy on the inside.  They split em and fill em with any of a dozen or so goodies, including tongue and tripe.  The fillings were yummy without exception.  I got a bean and cheese, a pork, and a beef.  All were delish.  Served with a chili sour cream sauce and a pureed hot sauce.  Also tried an empanada as well.  It was odd but good.  Very little filling in the deep-fried empanada and the masa shell blew up like a balloon from the steam created inside while in the fryer which actually made for a pillow-like chickeny pocket of love.  Bonus points for its location out front of Dino's, a great dive bar on LV Blvd.  Conveniently located right underneath a billboard for a bailbondsman, across the street from the OG.  Hit it.
excellent food!!!!!  So fresh and so delicious!!!  I am hooked and am now a regular!
Ok ok... this little shack has been seeing alot of action on yelp recently so i had to see what all the local yippers were talking about. The location is kind of en, i personally would have like to sit there and grub and people watch a little but there seemed to be more of the owners family and friends just sitting around on a Sunday afternoon taking up space then actual customers enjoying the food and relaxing in a chair. After we got the cook to actually get back into the shack and stop chit chatting with the family outside i was thinking maybe i might finally get to eat. $3.50-$4.50 was the average cost of an Arepa across the board but keep in mind when your asked if you want cheese that its an additional .50cents to your total. Ordering a chicken, beef arepa and a bean and cheese empanada. Got my food and it all fit into a medium sized styrofoam container, this was where i asked is this all of it? yup. Now ill say the stuff smelled good driving in my car trying to find a place to sit and eat. It tasted even better when i Nom Nommed on it in the 5 bites it took me to eat the entire thing. But it left me wanting something more to eat because it did not fill me up at all.   To those looking for a tasty bite/snack to hold you off before a dinner or a late night munchie after a little night life in Vegas sure this is the spot. But if your looking to be stuffed after having one $4 arepa id say only if you were a tiny 90ln chick. You need at least two of these to be a complete meal so keep that in mind when ordering. What id like to see is some better seating for the customers so i dont have to go 5 blocks down the road and park my car. And i think the use of maybe a complete meal package... like 2 arepas one chicken one beef and a little rice and beverage for lets say $10? i think this would not only have customers happy but also the owners would sell quite a few of these instead of many ordering just individual as i did when i sampled the offerings.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA-MAZING!!!!!  love everything about it...well, almost....the only thing I don't like it the price of each arepa, BUT the taste is worth it, so I'll dish out the cash.... I will mention that I come from a community (outside of Las Vegas) where I used to get arepas and other Latin@ delicacies for under $3...for Vegas, I LOVE AREPAS is perfect!  Maybe they should offer a "Locals" deal :-)  Just a thought...
I have become an overnight fan of these so called street food vendors. They come in a mobile and stationary variety. Arepas is of the latter variety.   I did not know what to expect when I drove there. Well I was not disappointed. From the crispy on the outside and moist on the inside arepas to the pulled pork and cold chicken filling... I was pleasantly surprised about how good the food was. Thumbs up on I Love Arepas.
This guy has a lot of heart and I like how the place is improving.  They added tables and chairs, which is great for people watching.  They got rid of the bacon hot dog (wahh) but added empanadas.  I'm a fan of the cold chicken and the wine-stewed beef arepa.  Honestly, they're tasty when I'm in the neighborhood, but I won't make the trip that often (unlike my foodie friends who lost their minds over this place.)  One arepa can be enough for a light meal, but I tend to eat two.
We came here with a bunch of Yelpers after the CMYE Baseball and Beers event.  I wasn't hungry but I just HAD to try this place after so many glowing reviews.  I got the pork butt and my wife ordered the shredded beef.  Both were really tasty and I can't wait to come back here with a complete appetite to try some other arepas.  Watching the staff of 2 do their magic while we were eating was pretty cool.  I have jury duty in a couple of weeks so I'm already planning on trying the tongue, shrimp and maaaaaaybe the tripe.
I do love these mini grilled pocket sandwiches. All are priced around $3.50-$4.00 and are jammed pack with great ingredients. Located right outside of Dino's, they are a must before, or after getting a little tipsy.  I had originally wanted to get the tongue, but they ran out. Instead, the chef suggested the leg meat and I have to bow down to the tender and flavorful meat. Cut off in thick gyro like pieces, this could be deadly. The rest of the group ordered and we had this meal family style. The garlic shrimp were tender and juicy. There is nothing worst than ordering shrimp and getting rubber instead. So good we order three. The pork butt was also delicious. The pulled chicken, mayo, and avocado arepa was so rich and decadent. The combination was perfection, but not for more than a few bites. I was glad to be able to pass it on after a bite. We had also ordered the cod and that was not a hit. For being a mild fish, it had an overbearing flavor. It was extremely salty and was the last to be finished.
Having never heard of an arepa before, Katrina M. quickly introduced me to one on a drunken night. Prior to going into the adjacent Dino's, I was ordered a Reina Pepiada - a masa cake stuffed with a cold combination of chicken, mayo, avocado, and peas. Even in sober retrospect, that was a damn great meal.   Another karaoke excursion brought a large group of us back to I Love Arepas. Ordering a myriad of arepas and empanadas, my favorites were the Roasted Pork Leg/Butt (moist, flavorful without unnecessary frills) and the Garlic Shrimp (showcasing the masa in its lightness). However, the sauces make the arepas infinitely better. There were two: a creamy green that was mild, and a more concentrated green that added spice in all the right ways. My only disappointment was in the codfish arepa - salty, fishy, and an added upset to the booze I just ingested.   The best part about this place, other than the arepas? The price! I swear, for under five bucks per arepa, I am not conscious of my broke college finances. The price and the amazing food make I Love Arepas the content of my dreams for the past week, with the only way to cease them is to visit again.
My friend randomly said how he always passes by a place called "I Love Arepas" on his way to work.  After seeing Bobby Flay's Throwdown, I saw those two Venezuelan sisters and knew I needed to try those one day.  I took it as a sign and couldn't say no to going!   Drive there and find it is TINY! I want to say it's about 10 by 10 feet with a handful of bar type chairs by the window and a couple tables by the street. It's definitely not a restaurant. More of a food truck slash stand.  If you haven't guessed, it's kind of "ghetto" being on LV BLVD across the Olympic Gardens Gentlemen's Club haha.  We were the only ones there. I took it as a bad sign because the chef looked like he was in a bad mood and his up selling techniques made him seem a little unappreciative of having customers by his tone of voice.  The menu is small, everything is under $5.00 being a sort of tamale you can only order to go. The Arepas are about $3-$4 depending on the meat or style and are definitely worth the price. They aren't HUGE so don't expect something with huge portions, but the flavor and specialness of the item is there.   We ordered the #1 which was beef and added mozzarella for $0.50.  I asked for it to go and the chef suggested we eat it there and we'd enjoy it more.  It was DELICIOUS!  An arepa is a masa "patty" that gets grilled on both sides so they're crispy, and filled with different meats, veggies, sauces , ect.  The masa is crisp on the outside, soft on the inside, and the fillings are so good!  I described it as a cross between a tamale, a sopa, and a torta.  There are different hot or cold fillings.  They also have drinks, empanadas, and snacks.  After having it I ordered some to go for my friend and they loved it as well.  Overall love the place. Wish the Gentlemen working was nicer, but every one has those days. The food was great and that's all that matters.  Btw, they serve with two sauces, a creamy green and a spicy/sour red and are both SO GOOD. They also give you sauce to go.  Highly recommend!
Once I found it, after going into their prep area since it also has a sign & is in a building, saw the little stand literally on the corner. After getting my lecture of "you've got me sitting outside in 100 degree heat & I don't even know what I'm eating" he took a bite. after the 2nd bite it turned into nods, smiles (his mouth was full) & upon swallowing "I'll have another one & 4 to go" before the 3rd bite.  Owner was great, even walked outside & around to personally hand me each of my vegan gluten-free arepas.  They named this place great because after trying it, we can each say "I love arepas"
I pulled some seriously dangerous driving maneuvers when I saw this little stand on the corner in Vegas.  Arepas outside of South America?  + from a little building that is just barely bigger than a hot dog cart? I'm in.  First off, I LOVE arepas. I go to South America a lot, + arepas are these little fried corn patties stuffed with all kinds of things, usually deep fried + heaven at 3am after a night of dancing that they sell on the streets of Colombia and Venezuela. They're like the drunk-munchies equivalent of seasoned curly fries here in the U.S.  The guy working there was also the owner, + he could not have been sweeter. This was my boyfriend's first arepa experience, + the owner asked him questions + made suggestions for what he might enjoy. We ordered our arepas, + he threw in a free empanada because my boyfriend had never tried one of those either.  The arepas here aren't the same greasy deep-fried ones I'm used to, but they are SUPER delicious.  the corn casings are really fresh, + the ingredients are fresh, warm, + delicious. He serves his food with sides of jalapeno and cilantro sauce to give them an extra kick if you like heat on your food.  There's also a big assortment of tropical juice that's really fresh + inexpensive (plus, refills are only $.99: such a bargain!).  It's always nice to see owners taking pride in their work, + the owner came out to deliver our food himself, + stayed to chat with us while we ate.  Really pleasant experience, + a nice cap to a weekend in The Vegas.
I love Arepas is an understatement and the name of the tastiest food establishment I have eaten at that serves South American-specifically Argentinian cuisine- since I left Texas. Made me homesick. I ordered the marinated roasted pork butt Arepas and the black bean and cheese Arepas along with a mango juice. Later on, Felix, the owner and chef (genius) made me a black bean and cheese Empenada that was the size of a banana. I was so stuffed. My mouth and my stomach have not been this happy all at once and for hours afterwards in a long time! I can't wait to eat there again. Which will be soon because I go to karaoke at Dino's and I Love Arepas is located in the same parking lot! How convenient for me! WOOO HOOO! My mouth is watering just thinking about it. Hmmm, I forgot to ask if he does breakfast!
Love at first bite!   Wow! Wow! Wow!   Finally had the chance to enjoy this Venezuelan treasure!   My gal pal and I got the Royal treatment on our first visit!   I ordered a Pepsi with my order, and the Head Chef/Owner Felix gave me a sample of the Passion fruit juice, I said yes I'll have that!!!!!   Natural Fruit Juices...Mango and Passion fruit mmmmm so yummy!  You must order a fruit juice, forget soda. Trust me!   I ordered a shredded beef empanada, my friend ordered two different types of Arepas, we both got a natural fruit juice.   We sat in my (air conditioned) car to eat as it was hot hot hot outside and this was 10pm at night, ugh. They brought us our order to the car where an awesome conversation was started with the Owner Felix.   So we chatted with Felix for a bit at the car, we informed him it was our first time trying them out. He gave us a bit of the History behind it all and how he previously worked with Mario Batali!   He said I must try something so he went and made a Reina Pepiada Arepa for me to try! He told me I am the Reina Pepiada, whatever that means, lol Wow, it was Amazing! Delicious, melted in my mouth, full of flavor!   He also wanted me to try his Cod empanada since I told him how much I love seafood. Mmmmmm yummy soooooo good, that also melted in my mouth like butta! The best way I have ever eaten cod fish in my life, in form of an empanada. Not just any Empanada but his which is the best!   He also made a beef empanada for my girl Karen to try, mmmm she loved it, the best empanada ever.   Felix...thank you for treating us so special and taking the time to hang out with us! You truly hooked us up and spoiled us so well!  We will be back sooner than you think!   Muchos Besos!
After trying I love tapas, I figured out it was arepas. I had the shredded beef. The chicken and pork butt. Muy delicioso. I thought they were tiny hence why I ordered 3. Coming from a Guy who can eat it was hard to nom nom nom down the 3rd one. The meat was fresh with the right amount of seasoning. The corn bread thing it was in was lite and airy. I love the green mild sauce he gives on the side.  So good.
Totally overrated at five stars. Sorry people. It's only okay.  My cousin ate there a few nights ago and was totally wowed by it. He said it was amazing.   I, along with three other friends went there yesterday to check it out. Our togo order was totally f'd up and not in our favor. First of all the guy behind the counter said, don't worry, everything will be marked. Absolutely nothing was marked and we had to try and figure out what our orders were since they were all thrown together. Secondly, one of the sandwiches we ordered was missing...so we had to share what we had because it was too much of a pain in the ass to drive all the way back to make a stink.   On top of that, I personally thought that the food was a bit greasy. I didn't love it. My other three friends did like the food, but didn't really get enough to eat. Everyone was a bit disappointed. They're willing to try again and give them another chance. I will if I'm dragged along.  Overall, I would say there's a lot of unwarranted hype about this dirty little stand.
I cannot say enough good things about this place. Vegas kind of lacks in the latin food department and by that I mean everything except Mexican food. I am delighted to see some authentic south american (Venezuelan) fare.    I LOOOOOVE their EVERYTHING. The Arepas here are perfection...fluffy pillows stuffed with goodies and the empanadas are to die for. I highly recommend trying one of everything.   My faves:  Arepas: Garlic Shrimp, shredded beef Empanadas: Shredded Chicken, Bacalao (cod fish)  Also you absolutely have to try the passion fruit juice (parchita)...this is probably one of two places in all of Vegas I've found that serves this...  Also kudos for keeping late hours to satisfy my cravings :)
July 2011  Never heard of Arepas?  You aren't alone.  This was a Yelp find by my girlfriend and we just had to try it.   Pros:  +  i Love Arepas !  + Open late  + Friendly staff  + Awesome Hot sauce  Cons:   -  N/A    Overall:   I'm not a Venezuelan expert or anything, but the easiest way to describe it is a Venezuelan version of a taco.  I don't really know how else to explain it ha.  You just gotta try it for yourself!  I'm sure you won't be disappointed.  This place is addicting.  I personally loved the Lengua Arepa... Tongue for those who do not know.  It's located on the north end of the strip.  It's just a little stand with a few tables for seating, but don't judge the book by its' cover.  This was a pleasant surprise!  Next time I go, I'm going to try one of their Fruit Juices... I hear they are pretty good.  Tips:  -  I didn't know how filling 1 Arepa was.  I ordered 3 Arepas thinking it was equivalent of 3 tacos at say Don Tortacos, but I was wrong.  Arepas are a lot heavier than a taco.  I'd say 2 and your good to go.  -  If you like spicy hot... try their hot sauce.  It has a good kick to it.  -  Don't forget to grab some extra napkins... you're gonna need it.  -  They take card so don't worry if you don't have cash.
This place is so small I mistakenly walked into Dino's bar instead!  This was my first time trying Arepas which are from Venezuela.   The menu is very simple and the place is a little shack. The outside temperature was near 115* and you can only dine outside on stools. I felt sorry for the cook BC it was too hot eating outside  so kudos to the chef inside over a hot grill without AC!   My order -1 lengua Arepas and 1 shredded beef Arepas. I was pleasantly surprised and enjoyed the Arepas. The outside pocket tasted similar to masa around a tamale. The inside filling of beef reminded me of a stew flavor and the tongue filing was minced up and not gamy but flavorful.  The green hot sauce they give you in a bottle gives the Arepas a nice spicy kick and was yummy.   I'm a new fan of this place but next time I'll return late night instead of mid day.
This place is fantastically close to the Stratosphere, making it easy for me to justify running over for a quick lunch. This has allowed me to sample a large portion of their arepa offerings, usually by ordering two at a time; one to devour sitting at their stand & generously doused with their delicious sauces and one to go, for when the first digests enough to make room for it. This means I usually order one of their hot ones (for now) and the cold (for later); the Pork Butt and Tongue are my fave for the hot while the Reina & Garlic Shrimp are both boss for cold.   The Pork Butt is a winner. If you like pork, get it. Rich, tender chunks of flavorful pork drenched in juices? Yeah, it's even better with avocado.  I really enjoyed the Tongue arepa, too. The beef is tender, there were decently sized chunks of tomato and aromatics all nestled between those little golden cakes of fluffy/crunchy delight.  If you like chicken salad, the Reina is a tasty Venezuelan version wedged between the delicious griddle-fried masa cakes.  The garlic shrimp were a decent portion of shrimp in a buttery garlic sauce that soaks into the bread the longer it sits.   Even the cold codfish is pretty good. They mix the cooked fish with a flavorful blend of seasonings and veggies/aromatics. It doesn't overwhelm with the stank o' fishiness, but you still know it's there.  They also offer a few other things, but I always grab an arepa.  I'll diversify once I've conquered their entire Arepa menu!
After passing by this place a couple times, I've asked my co-workers if they've been here, and said it was nothing really special. Then I've checked yelp, with all the positive reviews I saw, I was sure my co-workers were wrong.   I decided to stop by the place 20 mins before closing, tried the chicken & the beef, I really wanted the empanadas, but they said the fryer was down, but i doubt that, seems like they wanted to get a head start on closing. Got the chicken & beef arepas. It was a small portion, but really stuffed with the meat, seems a bit overpriced for $3.50  I only ate half of each, it did have flavor, but it felt rather bland, it tasted like a mix of a packet of taco seasoning with some enchilada sauce.   After all the rave reviews here, I am quite dissatisfied with the food and the service, and the co-workers were definitely right about this place. I have to agree with the previous yelper review, place is totally over rated!
Awesome Arepas!  I liked everything I ate here.  My gf is from Colombia and of course she wasnt as big of a fan as I was just because she has had the best in Colombia....but we really enjoyed the taste and authenticity.  GOOD JOB I LOVE AREPAS
one word: AMAZING! .......OK But I have to tell you why its amazing:   -Time: everything seems to be made to order! so it takes a little patience and its well worth it, I cant emphasize enough "its well Worth the wait" they are fast in overall, everything is fresh FRESH...F R E S H !!!! like home made cooking from remote places....  -TASTE: wow where do I start! this "Arepas" are like a small thick pita bread but made with corn and are delicious on their own, they slice them on the edge and stuff them with a shredded CHICKEN mix....that was great, I also had the ROASTED PORK BUTT, also freshly made, I had the REINA PEPIADA (chicken salad style) a bit too much mayo for my taste but never the less they are tasty, I also had the TONGUE and the TRIPE and my favorite was the EMPANADA also made with corn and extremely delicious made fresh stuffed with just enough beans and cheese for taste......My least favorite was the ALLACAS, which resemble a OaxacanTamale from southern Mexico wrapped in a banana leaf stuffed with chicken with green olives raisins and spices, the dough part of the ALLACA was soft and it melted in your mouth....my friends loved it.  -TO DRINK: They have REAL R E A L "RRREEEEAAALLLL"!!!! (comprende?) real juice of MANGO or TAMARIND or SUGARCANE or GUAVA or GUANABANA.....they were all excellent, thirst quenchers ....and yes I tried all of this in the same visit......it is simply good.   -CLEANLINESS: Well its a little 10x20 kitchen with tables on the parking lot....I took a peak inside the kitchen from several angles and its clean, almost as if it was new, people that work around that area kept coming and going for to go orders, the parking is old but clean.   -THE RUNDOWN: Just go, eat and behold grandmas cooking! and if you never had a grandma just adopt the cooks.  simply good food.
Saw this spot while at Luv-It custard one night so looked it up and decided to try it.  Tried the marinated pork (# 5) and the shredded chicken w/avacado (#7) Both were very good and had great flavor. They also had a squeeze bottle with a tomatillo and jalapeno sauce in it that added some kick to it which I loved. Food was very good and so was the service. Spoke with the owner for a while and he let me try some juices and my wife try the #7 meat before we bought as she is not a fan of mayo but she really dug it.  This place is also open late and is priced pretty reasonably. the portions are perfectly sized and around 3.50 each and IMO a good deal.   This is a great little spot and I will be back for sure...anyone complaining or hatin on this place is prob a whiny fu*^%n bi&*h and used to eatin taco bell and should prob head back there. If you want to try some new food and support a non chain type place hit it up..you will at least be glad you tried it.  Yelp on Yelpers
On our return visit, I tried  the tongue and tripe since they didn't have it on our previous visit...I really wanted to enjoy them, but the tripe still was way under seasoned and could not masque the "tripey"smell( ever smell a pot of simmering tripe?)  The tongue was soft but also underseasoned as well...I had to add more salt and some of the condiments on the counter to make it taste better...  What was even more disappointing was the masa was tough and dried out from being REHEATED!?!?!? We could totally taste the difference from masa that is cooked to order-crisp outside and soft inside.....why fix something that ain't broken???  On par like Pan Asian with a 3-star review, I really want to give this place another shot...just hoping it won't turn into another disappointment...ALOHA!!!  YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(19/365) "Do I love Arepas???"
So me, J.V and Daniel met up at I Love Arepas after having a convo at work about Colombian food ( Daniel's family is Colombian).  I told them about I Love Arepas and we had decided to finally check it out, once we arrived, we realized its Venezuelan and not Colombian but Daniel said arepas is a Colombian dish also? Hmm okay...  Well, it was a very HOT day and since this place is just a stand with a few tables set up, we decided to sit at one of the tables and eat instead of in our cars.  We started with the fruit juices- sugar cane with lime for me, mango for Daniel and Tamarindo for JV.  We all thoroughly enjoyed our drinks, you can tell everything was freshly made. I thought my sugar cane/lime drink would be too sweet but it wasn't, it was PERFECT on this extremely hot day.  Food, we ordered almost everything on the menu..Arepas are like sandwiches with the patties made from cornmeal which is grilled then stuffed with meat, cheese and other delightful things...  Here's what we ordered: Roasted Pork Butt (Hot filling)- yummy! shredded pork similar to carnitas, had great flavor Shredded Chicken (Hot)- also very good, similar flavors to the pork butt Beef Tongue (Hot filling)- oh my, SO good, one of my favorites! tender, slightly spicy Honeycomb Tripe/Menudo (Hot)- another of my favorites in the hot filling category, this was the spiciest of all the arepas we tried. Again, full of flavor with the garlic and spices!  Cold fillings- Reina Pepiada- they said this was their most popular but I was not a fan.  There was just too much mayo going on with this one, I couldn't even eat it all.  It's similar to a chicken salad with avocado and green peas but umm, yeah, too much mayo... Garlic shrimp- this was BOMB, I mean seriously good. It was like having shrimp ceviche in a sandwich...this is a must have!  Empanadas- the guys loved the black bean and cheese, I got the shredded beef.  They loved it and said it tasted really fresh, mine was okay, seemed that my shredded beef had more filling than their black bean/cheese ones.  Hallacas- this alone would have me stopping by daily.  It's the most expensive item on their menu at $5 each but it's so worth it.  It's similar to a tamale with empanada filling wrapped in banana/plantain leaves and steamed.  For me, the cornmeal dough was SO yummy! It' reminded me of a Vietnamese dish very similar to it that's got ground pork and also steamed in banana leaf...this is a HELL yeah dish for me!  After we were done trying all the dishes, we were thirsty again so I ordered the Guava drink next and JV ordered the Guanabana (soursop).  Both drinks again were fresh and you could taste it!  This is a definite return for us, but next time, after the sun goes down or when the weather was cooler!
I Love Arepas is a great Venezuelan food stand that is excellent in every way. Delicious arepas, friendly service, fast and inexpensive. My favorite thing to eat there is the #7 Reina Pepiada, which is a shredded chicken breast salad, made with avocado, mayo, cilantro and peas.It is definitely the star on the menu, but the carne mechada, pork butt (pernil) and the bean and cheese arepas are also great. I usually ask for cotija cheese on the arepas, it's yummy.  Make sure to try the juices too.They are refreshing, especially on a hot Vegas day. I like the Tamarindo and the Agua de Panela (sugar cane and lime). The staff is great, they really take pride in their service. This is hands down my favorite fast food in Vegas and everyone should check it out!
In my taste buds opinions this place rules the roost and Felix along with his staff are the best at cooking and being great people. My favorite thing to eat there is the #7 Reina Pepiada, which is a shredded chicken breast salad, made with avocado, mayo, cilantro and peas.It is definitely the star on the menu, but the carne mechada, pork butt (pernil) and the bean and cheese arepas are also great. But I've had 90% of the menu and have never  been disappointed.
Bebida Parchita was a delicious treat to a hot summer day. My sister & I had to take our lunch to go since there is limited seating in shade.  We prefer to eat our hot food in cool places; I would love to enjoy the entire I LOVE AREPAS experience by eating outside after sundown. We each ordered the number 7 and empanada con frijoles negros y queso.  The number 7 was my first choice as I've seen my fellow yelpers say only good things.  I very much enjoyed this #7 and would order it again! The green salsa was spicy but the burning sensation was drowned out by my bebida parchita!   Ultimately I miss tapatio. He would have enjoyed being eaten with my meal.
Friendly staff, great food!  The food is so good that I sometimes think about these arepas during random times of the day.  Everything is pretty fresh, hot and delicious!    One negative is eating out there in the heat.  It's hot.  If it is summertime try to come when the sun is down or you will fry.
Great little place just north of the Stratosphere. All the arepas are good. I personally like the Reina Pepiada and the Garlic Shrimp. My wife and daughter always stick with the Black Beans and Rice and get a cheese empanada. Don't go for the ambience as you are sitting on the strip right across from OC - a gentleman's club. The area can seem sketchy but the food is cheap, tasty and a great alternative to fast food.
3.7 rounded up.  My fiancee and I went a little crazy.  W e ordered 5 arepas and the...taqueno?  It's the fried carby thing with cheese in the middle.  Very simple, but very good.  I had the reina pepiado (too mayo-ey and not enough flavor...fiancee's second fave though), garlic shrimp (by far the best, b/c it was so flavorful.  Perfection.  I must go back just for this), shredded chicken (not so great.  just didn't do it for me), bacalao (salty fish...thought it was fine), and bean and cheese (my second favorite...but a far second).  I'd come back here in a heartbeat...just my type of place.  From the other reviews, I'd come here only after sundown in the summer.
4-stars for the food itself... though surprisingly small portions... It was very tasty tho... make sure to use the 'hot' sauce provided on the tables, very good alongside the arepas.  5-STARS for the Soursop drink... I had never ever heard of it beforehand and it was so delicious that I may just go back to this place just for that drink specifically.
YOU AIN'T DOWN for I Love AREPAS !  Authentic Venezuelan food has hit the streets or should I say the strip, or should i say across the strip.....club (OG gentlemen club that is) hahaha! Have you ever had Arepas? There basically mini sandwiches made of ground corn dough or cooked flour, filled with different toppings! Need another description ? If a Mexican Torta and El Salvadorian Papusa had a baby a Venezuelan Arepa would pop out!  Super BOMB Latin flavor explosions !  Chef Felix and Chef Alix are bringing Vegas some Fresh Venezuelan ingredients all in one little food stand! I Love Arepas has been only open for 4 months and it's already the talk of the town. Don't be surprised if there's a long line or long wait, good food takes time and patience. Also the cilantro mayo and the green salsa is a must for every bite! And for my last tip refresh yourself with there super bomb natural fruit juices, pick any flavor there all good!  Visit: ILovearepasLv.com
close to many of the places we like and we enjoy the odd food.  worth a try.  have fun!   parking good though a challenge at times.close to the freeway.
The best Arepas i've had so far!. Great value too. The bread is crunch on the outside and soft inside. It had fresh corn flavor.   Shredded beef & Tongue were very flavorful. These are mine favorite!  Reina Pepiada - a little too creamy for my taste but my friend loved it.   Roasted Pork Butt - good but too salty.   Soursop drink - refreshing!
Its an orgasm in your mouth, in the parking lot of Dinos. In a totally legal way. I hit this place up at least every other night and usually drag suburban friends along too, to show them how we roll in downtown. The Arepas are fuggin amazing! Felix the boss man is the friendliest guy will meet downtown too! You can have 2 of these sandwiches and you'll be totally stuffed. Sitting outside of the little Arepas shop is the perfect place to "people stare". You can watch the escorts,homeless,drunk tourists,out of country tourists,rich people and crazy people all walk by while you sit and stare. Once done you can walk 20 steps to either Dinos for Karaoke and the strongest and cheapest drinks in Vegas or across the street to Olympic Gardens to get your "perv" on tipping the ladies. If you are ever around the Stratosphere or downtown, definitely make the very short trip to the corner of Wyoming and Las Vegas blvd. You WON'T be dissapointed
I Love Arepas!!!! Ate the Lingua, bacalao, and ham n cheese, all were delicious.   THe owner is super cool, and let us try one of his new creations, which was like a fresh ground corn cake filled with  cheese, awesome!  This is straight forward, no frills, or BS food.  I'm craving their arepas writing about them right now!
I have long avoided this place for two reasons: one, I despise the food truck trend. And two, my previous experience with arepas was limited to some mystery-meat-stuffed weirdness at a bus depot in the Venezuelan hinterlands.  But yesterday, as I was driving past the street corner where the Arepa boys do business...out of the corner of my eye I noticed that the proprietors were two hot Venezuelan dudes of childbearing age. Hell-O! I did a quick U-turn and pulled into the parking lot.   As mentioned, my previous experience with arepas left me skeptical...but the hotness of the staff, and the fact that it's not actually a food truck, but more of a dingy kiosk unadorned with Twitter and Facebook logos, convinced me to give 'em a second try. And now.......... I, too, Love Arepas!  I only had one -- the bean and cheese. But it was fantastic!! WAY better than the ones I had in Venezuela (they hate Americans down there, so they probably pissed in my arepa at that bus depot). At $3.50 it was a filling mini-meal...and actually stuck to my ribs through three cocktails, preventing me from getting wasted and doing embarrassing things down on Fremont St.  IMO this is hands down the best dining in all of Vegas -- cheap, unpretentious, delicious and al fresco. You can sit at the little tables in front of the arepa pod and enjoy the scenery of the neighborhood: a strip club, a dive bar and an all-night drugstore patronized by pimps and weirdos.   I will MOST DEFINITELY be coming here again and again and again -- and that's just with the hot proprietors. I'll come to the kiosk again, too :-)
I had never even heard of of an arepa before last Friday night.  I came to Las Vegas with some friends for a showing of a film we made, and the theatre we showed at was just a stone's throw away from here.  Arepas was open late, so we gave it a shot and were blown away by how flavorful and simple everything was.  I had the black bean and cheese arepa, while friends of mine tried everything else on our multiple visits (pork, chicken, empanadas, etc).  They are kind of messy, but that's a small price to pay for all that incredible flavor.  The staff was very professional and patient with a large group of drunken tourists, and I imagine they have to deal with this kind of stuff all the time, so major kudos to the employees of I Love Arepas!  Upon returning home to Sacramento, CA, I was disheartened to learn that nobody in my city makes these things!  Sure I can find some empanadas nearby, but the closest arepas I can get seem to be in Davis, about 15 miles outside of Sac.  Don't take your arepas for granted Las Vegas!
Totally starving after the opening night of the PollyGrind film festival and first Friday party down near that art district.  The gang of us wandered down the street and came upon I Love Arepas, and proceed to chow down on some fabulous black bean and cheese arepas, as well as camaron arepas!  So yummy, and we weren't even drunk!  Well, I wasn't.  Also good were the fried cheese bread sticks, and the meat lovers like the pork, beef, chicken arepas, too!  I hope to find this kind of dish back in Sacramento when I return!
It's good...for what it is. I had the number 1, the number 7 and the Hallacas, (spelling)? The Hallacas (sp) was delicious, I'm not a fan of raisins and olives so that was my only complaint about it and that it came pre-made so I couldn't get them removed. However, despite my distaste for raisins and olives, it still came out pretty good. The breading they used for the Arepas though was outstanding, I actually could not get enough of that which is why I loved the #1 but also the #7. The #7 was a little more creamier than I thought but the breading had me finish the whole thing. The only real negative about the place as other people have mentioned is that if you go during the summer be prepared to sweat while you eat or at least wait for your food to be finished. However, it's a trade off since melting like Frosty the Snowman will always be tolerable if I can watch a priest, stripper, crackhead, retirees, and a man dressed as Catwoman walk by. (Yes, I typed that correctly, a man dressed as Catwoman, entertaining to say the least) This corner never fails to disappoint.
I'm a HUGE fan of this place. I've traveled to Colombia and this is the real deal folks. I've had arepas in Miami as well and was super duper excited when I heard that an arepas place opened up in Vegas. Beware...these little packages pack a big punch. I've tried the shredded beef, shredded chicken and roasted pork butt arepas. If you order one arepa, it's a nice snack but ordering two is like having a full meal. Everything on the menu is delicious and you can't go wrong. My mouth is salivating just thinking about it. I also had the sugar cane drink which transports me to a time when I was a small child chewing on fresh sugar cane stalks! If I lived closer, I would eat here more often. I really do love arepas.
This was my first experience being in and eating out in Vegas and I want to go back just to have one more arepa. They were absolutely amazing and I can't wait to visit Vegas again just to have one of these. The staff was also ridiculously nice. They were super patient with us tourists considering it took us forever to even make a decision on what to eat. I have to say best service I've ever gotten at a food truck/kiosk.
My first time here was very good however they had just opened for business that evening so I think that may be the key. I actually am more into the Arepa than the filling in itself (haven't been wowed  by their fillings yet). But my second trip here was a little disappointing.   I ordered their menudo arepa and this time not even the arepa could save this extremely bad tasting menudo. The menudo was not seasoned enough and that's not something you want to do when serving menudo:(. The Arepa was very bland and dry like it was either left on the flat grill too long or it was reheated one to many times.   The setting is so unique and I do love that so I'm not giving up just yet and do plan to give this place a third try I just hope to be able to post a more positive update. I really do like the staff and they are always so pleasant.
If you are in the mood to try something new, do yourself a favor and stop by I Love Arepas! This place has incredibly tasty Venezuelan food and refreshing drinks. My FAVORITE is the pork butt (Pernil) arepa and the sugar cane with lemon juice, or the pastelitos (meat pies) with passion fruit juice.   DEFINITELY RECOMMEND!
If you don't like this place, you have no taste buds!!!! AMAZINGGGG
So driving by I saw a sign and the only word that registered was AREPA.  I said to myself, man I love Arepas and that was that (I had already eaten that time).  So I was gonna get some frozen custard and hit up Dino's and realized this was the same spot and it was actually called I Love Arepas, so I stopped in and got one.    You might think one is not enough but damn they are filling.  It's also a little messy and the sauces they include don't help but it tastes great!  My only complaint is how much accouterments come with it.  There's the paper it's wrapped in, the paper that's put in, the plastic things for the sauce and all - none of it compostable but then again that's just my San Francisco hippy-ness coming out.  It's Vegas after all!
Oh man, I was so excited to finally get a chance to try this place!  After several failed attempts (due to hangover induced comas), I finally struggled to get to I love Arepas (which is located next to a bar near the stratosphere casino/resort) to try as many of the arepas as possible on two consecutive trips (end of Sept 2011 and Halloween 2011).    I will start with the two sauces offered.  One is a tomatillo based, spicy salsa.  The other is a crema/avocado based sauce.  Both are freaking like crack and would go delicious on a shoe.  On to the main show.  I have had a chance to fully consume or try bites of the following (and remember, I am a fat ass at heart and am not ashamed):   1. Shredded Beef 2. Shredded Chicken 3. Beef Tongue 5. Roasted Pork Butt 7. Riena Pepiada 8. Garlic Shrimp  This place is legit and you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu, but my hands down favorites were the #1 Shredded Beef and the #7 Riena Pepiada (especially this one, it is addictively good).  In all honesty, if you are staying anywhere near the Las Vegas strip, order a cab and pay the $10 to get here and eat the delicious ass food.  One more note:  don't be fooled by the size of the arepas; they are really filling.  You can easily eat one, but two may make you explode.  I recommend coming with a group of 4-6, ordering a bunch of different arepas, and trying things family style.
Pretty amazing stuff!  I stumbled upon this jewel last time I was visiting.  Amazing food, quick and friendly service.  I will make a point of returning next time I am in town.
COME HERE!! from California and i definitely wanted some sweet arepa deliciousness!!  Nice little food stand with some chairs/ tables outside to sit or at the bar.  The arepas are quite filling even though they don't seem that big.  THe sauces that come with them are really delicious and make a perfect topping onto a Pork butt or #1 or shrimp arepa!! Those ones really stood out for me as I was eating.  Get a couple and share with friends so you can get some taste differences!  No bathrooms & no free tap water, so you'll BYO Drink or pay $1 for a drink.    Definitely delicious and i'm salivating thinking of it, this place definitely needs more people to pay them a visit and get some business!  Bottomline: Come here for a tasty arepas fix.  Get the #1 or pork butt or shrimp arepa.
Just like the sign says, "I Love Arepas." Although delicious Venezuelan food can be found in Miami, I was a little skeptical when it came to Las Vegas. However, this place holds up to the scrutiny. We wanted to give it a try and because the arepas were so cheap ($4-$6)  we ordered one of each...literally, one of each variety. Needless to say, I got full pretty quickly and ended up trying one bite of everything. DELICIOSO!  My favorites were: -black bean -shredded pork  The guys working in the stand/shack were super nice. I will definitely be back the next time I have an arepa craving.
I was driving around Vegas one evening looking for something interesting to eat, and I Love Arepas jumped out and grabbed my eyeballs. I immediately pulling into the parking lot to investigate.  I love shacks, and I Love Arepas is a shack. When I saw the word Venezuelan, I knew I was off on an adventure. The menu is a bit intimidating for a newbie, but the guy who work there are extraordinarily helpful and patient about explaining the offerings.  I completely enjoyed the cold shrimp item I had. While I was eating, they inquired to see if I was enjoying the food. This sort of service is more like a 1st class joint than a shack in a parking lot.  People were constantly showing up, but there was never a line. The food has to be prepared, so while it's not fast, it still gets to you fairly promptly.   I brought my wife on a return visit a couple of days later and had the same excellent and enjoyable experience. A must-stop from now on when I'm in Vegas.
So Gosh darn good!  It's conveniently close to my office so huge shame on me for not visiting this place sooner.  I ordered the shredded beef arepa and a shredded chicken empanada.  I'm kicking myself though for not trying the beef tongue arepa.  That's when you know a place is really authentic.  When it offers body parts that turn people off when they see them in the menu, you know you've found something good.  Next time I'll try that arepa and see how it tastes.    For now though, I greatly enjoyed it, the chicken and beef were delicious and the sauces they came with on the side were perfect!  No ketchup needed, and just the right amount of spice.  Looks like I found a new downtown lunchspot for those days when I can't stomach the nearby cafes.
These guys are a perfect late-night padding stop.  I have never had arepas before, so I can't compare to anyone else's, but these are great.  We've only tried a few of the fillings so far, and they are the ultimate late-night comfort food.  If anything, they're a smidge salty, but they will definitely cure your ills before calling it a night.
If I were to die tomorrow and come back as a food it would be an Arepa. My only regret in life being that it took me so long to discover this AMAZING food. I first had this back in September, and have eaten it at least once every other week since then.  I have been a hardcore Tamale fan for years, and I Love anything that involves corn. Corn bread, corn masa, corn souffle, etc. So when I found out Arepas are these delicious little pita pockets made from corn I fell in love before I ever even tasted it. When I arrived at the Dino's parking lot I knew I was in for something special when I saw all of the picnic tables sitting around outside, and at least 10 people standing and sitting around eating and eagerly awaiting their orders....Oh yea, and this was at 11pm!  Looking at the menu, as usual, I couldn't decide which of the many amazing options to try, so, also as usual I over ordered.  I got 3 Arepas 2 empanadas, and 2 tequenos. Total cost: $16....(Although, they have raised the prices slightly since I first went and this order would now be roughly $20.) But trust me this is enough food for 2. I had no idea how much meat they were going to cram into that little corn pocket. I got the Roasted Pork butt, the Shredded Beef, and the Garlic shrimp arepas, and although I realized I had over-ordered after one empanada and half the first arepa, I still managed to polish off every bit of that order except the tequenos, which were the only thing I wasn't extremely impressed with. (They are basically like bland crescent rolls stuffed with white cheese.) But, whatever that greenish white mayo-type sauce may be, it is the most perfect condiments i've ever had and goes perfectly with the saltiness of the meal.   I haven't tried any of the more interesting ones: Tripe, lengua, etc. But i you are an obsessive tamale fan like I am just go and try the roasted pork butt, and you can thank me later.
For arepas (corn flour sandwiches), Viva Las Arepas is definitely one of the best places in town. I came here the third day it was open, when it was still called I Love Arepas and when signage wasn't as visible and impressive. I met Felix, the owner. He really prides himself on his recipe for his corn masa bread. He has the bread ready and preps everyday. He has trays of the bread and when you order, he heats up the bread for you right in front of you for you to see. What you might not know is that his back is aching just so you can see what he is doing because he set the grill up lower, so whenever he cooks, he really has to bend over and strain his neck for you to see how he's cooking everything in the trailer.  The trailer is where all the business and eating is done. His storage is right next to Dino's Neighborhood Bar. If you ever ask him, he might show you. His storage is filled with Corn Flour. His arepas are Venezuelan. Arepas are also really popular in Colombia. Anyway, he uses the freshest ingredients. His aguas (juices) are from concentrate and blended with filtered water. He has guanabana (soursop), guayaba (guava), parchita (passion fruit) and mango (mango, lol).   My favorite sandwich is the  Reina Pepiada: Fresh chicken with avocado cream sauce, great textures and came out piping hot, so it was really delicious.   I have tried many of the other sandwiches. They're all really delicious. The empanadas are filled with fresh meats. Their dessert, quesillo, was really delicious. Even though Felix doesn't like it being compared with a cheese flan, I felt that would be how I would describe quesillo to anyone.   This might look like a fast food joint to you, but he really takes the time to care about and cook his food. He enjoys telling people about the process of making his food. I enjoy listening to chefs talk about how they make their food.    I had a great experience all five times that I went to this place. I think that everybody in town should try to hit up this spot at least once. It's really a gem.
The food was not bad. I didn't like the bread that much though. I did like the pork butt sandwich the most, other ones i tried were just OK. I did expect something out of the ordinary but nothing like that here would prefer a carne asada sandwich instead of this any day.
First time here we sampled a bit of everything this place is worth stopping for. Delicious corn arepas: pork butt, shredded beef, garlic shrimp, and chicken yum yum yum!!
AMAZING!  This unassuming food stand really packs a punch. Having never tried venezuelan food before, I pulled up here one evening for some late night snacks. I tried the original, hot beef and cheese arepa. Out of this world. The little corncake that they stuff it all into is perfect- the consistency is amazing, and the taste is just out of this world. The meat filling is like the barbacoa at Chipotle- except 80 times more flavorful. Also, the guys who work there are super nice too!  If you're looking for something different and new for a great price, I highly recommend I Heart Arepas. Make this a place to visit on your next trip!
We we're in vegas for new years an went to this lilttle place. I try the arepa with Shrimp in ajillo,the ground beef one with cheese and the empanadas de pollo. The service was the best and the food was excellent and the price inexpensive. You and a friend and eat for 20.00 thats not bad.
$3.50-$5.00 for arepas, $2.00 for empanadas. The garlic shrimp was underwhelming. I was happy with the shredded beef, but the hot sauce makes it delicious! Gotta have a crispy empanada while you are at it. Be careful, the food is dense and the bread will make you full fast!
one of the greatest food truck style place ever tasted in Las Vegas!  The price is great and the food is outstanding.  Love to get a mix of cold and hold mix.  the drink is also great.    Must visit this place when you come to Vegas!
This is a yummy food stand  i had a shrimp and a chicken arepa and bf had pork and a beef one. It is basically a fried corn cake with the filling of your choice, yum the salsa is spicy the shrimp was done well and the chicken is juicy. The black bean empinada was dry and tasteless and kinda soggy. The shrimp arepa was supposed be cold but the one i had was warm and i don't think i would want it cold. It was 22$ for 4 Arepas and an empinada and Two drinks.
What can I say about Viva Las Arepas? One word: AMAZING!   The food is fresh and delicious. I have never ordered anything here that has not made my taste buds dance. I've been here about 10 times since they opened. Felix(the owner) is personable and friendly. Everything on the menu is below 5.00. One arepa will fill you up. But I will warn once you go here you'll keep coming back.
OMG, you have to try the pork arepa with tomato.  Add cheese and it is oh so good!  Unless you are starving or can eat like a trucker, you will likely only be able to eat one of these beauties.  Which makes it a full meal for around $4.  Yay!  They also gave me cold green salsa and ranch dressing (at least I think it was ranch dressing) that went so perfectly with my hot sandwich of the gods.  Not really thrilled about eating out in a parking lot.  The nearby pedestrians were a little shady and made me a tad nervous.  But take out seemed easy and probably the better option.  I just hope they expand, maybe to Naked City Sandwich Shop's old location.  They have their sign up there already.  Just take over the space.
Nice little place girth of the strip. If u go there ask them to deep fry ur order... Wow!
Flavor burst in yo mouth!  I woke up the next day and am still thinking about this place.  Similar to the Salvadoran pupusas, Viva Arepas maybe the best value you will get in Vegas.  If you're boring and only eat chicken strips and mash potatoes and god forbid don't like flavor, then don't come here.  But for $4 you will be taken through a bold and flavorful journey.  The masa cornmeal patty has the perfect texture, crisp on the outside and nice and soft on the inside.  We had the shredded chicken based on a few locals who were parked at the bench.   The shredded beef emapanadas were pretty good but the arepas are the star of the show.  I don't think you can go wrong with any of the meats.  I look forward to coming back VERY soon to try their lengua and pork butt.    Speaking of pork butt, these arepas fit perfectly in your hands. It really is the perfect grip second to the OG across the street but c'mon....that grip will cost you multiple trips at Viva!
Amazing Venezuelan food! Get #1, #7 (get the shrimp hot), and coconut or guava empanadas!
A quick word to the wise - this place might be a stand on the side of the road, but the food takes awhile to prepare.  The freshness is well worth the wait, but if you are pressed for time, don't expect to order and walk away quickly.  When we approached the window of this fantastic little food stand, we must've looked puzzled, because a woman quickly gave us the rundown on the whole menu.  She told us her favorites, ordered for herself, and then told us, "This place is really good.  I should know, I'm from Venezuela and I love the way they cook here."  Emboldened, we walked away with two arepas.  We had actually had arepas before, in Brooklyn - they are kind of similar to the dish some parts of Mexico call a quesadilla.  Thick masa is formed into a pita-type shape, or sandwich-style, around delicious fillings.  I think these might've been even better than the ones in NYC.  The masa was crunchy and chewy all at once; the fillings were boldly seasoned and complex.  My favorite was the Reina Pepiada.  It was a chicken salad with peas, and it was the bee's knees.   I followed one of my cardinal rules for unfamiliar Spanish-language foods - if the title isn't a direct translation, its probably a regional favorite, and it was.  Very excited that there's cheap and delicious food easily accessible from either Fremont or the Strip.  Highly recommended.
tip:  get an arepa, then cross the street to get some frozen custard!  At around $4, it's somewhat pricey for a rather small but plenty tasty arepa.  Beef tongue arepas were very tender, but was cooked through so much that you won't know its beef tongue or beef brisket. comes with green sauce which was fantastic.  also have sugar cane drinks (asians love that $h!t)
Food stand selling meat across a strip club selling a different kinda meat --- SO FUNNY and SO VEGAS!  I've heard so many things about this place, especially since my co-worker is Venezuelan. So after work, we decided to trek on over to (almost) DTLV.  Three friends and I split: beef tongue arepas, roasted pork butt arepas, shrimp arepas, and ham and cheese arepas. WOW, it's for sure what Misty said: HOT POCKETS BUT, WAY BETTER!!!!!! There was so much flavor in the meat. It was marinated well and dripping in juices or sauces.  Also, tried the gyobano (sp?) drink and a coconut dessert similar to an empanada. That drink tasted exactly like the fruit which is funny cuz I haven't had that fruit since I was a kid in Hawaii.  Service was cool and they had 2 for 1 arepas. It's, also, kinda fun to just eat on the streets of Vegas. Not those fancy schmancy restaurants on the strip.
There's nothing I can yelp that hasn't already been yelped about Arepas. But alas I have to write a review if I want to add Arepas to a list (a few lists, really) of favorites.   I really haven't eaten a wide spectrum of arepas. I've had the veggie ($4) and camarones al ajillo ($5). The veggie is just meh, but the camarones with the side sauces is so good.   I guess it also helps that when I go, I'm normally hopped up on vodka and Danny G's karaoke from Dino's (shares a parking lot with Dino's). When I'm in that state, I have no discrimination filter and I love all food.   These tasty little pockets are yummy, but a little on the pricey side for the portion sizes. Though I've heard, but have no confirmation, that the corn meal is imported straight from Venezuela. Who knows. It sounds nice, though. So take your time and savor the taste and texture of the cornmeal pocket. So yummy.   You can also get tasty beverages like guanabana ($1.75)  to wash down your arepa. Wonderful.   Friendly staff.
I'd never had arepas before, so this was an exciting new experience for me. I had the beans and cheese and the cold chicken in mayo and they were delicious! The service was great, extremely friendly.  As others have noted, this is a stand by the side of the road, so don't expect a fancy dining experience. Do expect some of the best food and certainly some of the most friendly service you've ever encountered though.  If/when I'm ever back in Las Vegas I'll be sure to return to Viva Las Arepas. This is by far the best value for your money in town.
Big fan of this place - and I think it has potential to be one of my favorites in all of Vegas.  Tried the cold chicken salad arepa (chicken breast, avocado, and peas) and the hot shredded beef arepa with cheese.    Both were pretty good and taken to the next level by the sauces they are served with.  You can either use the green sauce - which is incredibly creamy and has a mild but tasty kick.  The red sauce is pretty spicy but I loved it.  I actually liked mixing the two sauces best - more flavor = more happy.  The arepa itself is fantastic.  Basically it's cornmeal made into a patty and crisped up.  Outside is crispy and inside is soft and yummy.  Why no 5 star review then?  Simple - everything is underseasoned.  From the arepa shell to the filling, everything needed a touch more salt.  Seriously, if the chef would just season all the food properly this would EASILY be 5 stars and probably some of the best stuff I've ever eaten.  Every bite, even with the fantastic sauces, tastes a bit bland.  Just salt those puppies up and bring out that flavor.  That being said, I'm a fan and will be back many times.  But I might bring a little salt with me.
I have never had an Arepa, and now it's one of my favorite meals! So delicious the food was as great as the service. I'd recommend it to everyone planning on a Vegas trip and will go back for my next trip!
I've been here a few times and I'm finally writing a review. I have to say it's the best!  I've had:  * Shredded Chicken (Onion, Tomato, Garlic)  * Roasted Pork Butt (Slow Cooked Marinated Pork, Fresh Tomato Slices)  * Reina Pepiada (Shredded Chicken Breast, Avocado,  Mayonnaise, Cilantro, Green Peas)  * Vegetarian (Avocado, Black Beans, Tomatoes, Grilled Peppers, Onions)  I have been satisfied with every one of them. My boyfriend has had the Beef, Pork, and Beef Tongue. His remarks are that they are good, hearty and inexpensive. One is enough for me on each visit because they can fill you up rather quickly. I love their sauces! There is a creamy cilantro dressing and a nice and spicy green sauce, which I drizzle over my Arepa!  Authentic, fresh ingredients, fast and friendly service. This place has become one of my favorite spots to go to when I'm craving Venezuelan food.  Also, don't forget their Hallacas (A mix of beef, pork, chicken, capers, raisins, olives, and vegetables on cornmeal dough, wrapped with plantain leaves, that is bolied) They are like my mother's Central American tamales and they are GOOD!  I feel the flavors are great, but I have a low sodium diet most of the time and felt it was a tad too salty, but that's just me. Nothing that bothers me too much, but giving the heads up for those picky eaters.
Very tasty and filling. before leaving vegas thast weekend I just needed one more for the road sadly they were closed on sunday.  but will definitley be back on my next vegas trip.
Great Venezuelan food. Best place to watch traffic on the strip.
what a little gem of a place! I stopped there after shopping at the outlets for a late lunch. We had the Roasted Pork Butt, the Garlic Shrimp and a shredded beef empanada. The pork was mouth watering and full of flavor. My favorite was the garlic shrimp. Plenty of shrimp and garlic flavors bursting in your mouth! Can't wait to hit this place up again!
Yelp was raving mad about Viva Las Are???.. so I jumped on the gun when I had the chance and ordered almost everything on the menu for myself and some hungery employees.  Honest to say, it was aight.. Meat to dough ratio was a little off.. there was hardly anything inside the empanadas.. and the person that was supposed to take my order just stared at me for a good 10 seconds.. and thats pretty long in staring time!  The Garlic Shrimp stood out from the rest in taste and quality but I just wasn't really a fan of the dough.  Just a little too.. doughish I guess?  I would much rather smother myself with one of 'em cheesy soft tacos at one of 'em spanish carts at one of 'em gasoline stations or one 'em tire repair shops.  Now that's a five star.. even with flies buzzn' and all!   ...not a totaltarian fan of Viva, but I can't deny that it still hit the spot.
Hidden Gem Hole in the wall Small crappy looking shack that serves delicious grub  All three of these phrases perfectly describe Viva Las Arepas, but I like the third one the best!  Located at the end of the strip, on Las Vegas Blvd, just a few blocks past the Stratosphere Hotel, sits a small, ugly white shack in a deserted parking lot that serves up some of the tastiest little snacks in all of Las Vegas.   Viva Las Arepas serves up some of the best tasting Arepas I've ever eaten. For those of you who aren't familiar with Arepas, they're pretty much small, fried cornmeal pockets stuffed with meats, cheese, veggies, sauce, etc, etc. Viva also makes empanadas, a few hot dogs, aguas frescas, and a few sweet treats like flan and more. They also have these two amazing shack-made sauces. One is a lime green color that's mild but has an amazing flavor and the other is a spicy red sauce. Since my wife and I were going to have a big dinner the same day we visited Viva, we decided to just get a few items to try. This is what we purchased;  Lengua Arepa W/ White Cheese & Avocado Slices http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EnCIojgP5KTr1leaysFE3A?select=8lN2NE_nQzG-VFNGfeR1hA Ground Beef & Shredded Cheese Arepa  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EnCIojgP5KTr1leaysFE3A?select=-dY7b8L5QpT1MPtSHG34ug Black Bean & Cheese Empanada http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EnCIojgP5KTr1leaysFE3A?select=D_dkKgnCHti4moXUxO85vQ  All three items were incredibly delicious. The cornmeal pockets were perfectly fried yet still had a soft center. The Lengua, which was shredded and cooked in a delicious sauce, was my fave of the two. It was savory, sweet and slightly spicy all at the same time. The ground beef Arepa reminded me of a Taco Bell Chalupa, but obviously much better. The black bean and cheese empanada was also very good.   To wash down our yummy snacks we had a large Passion Fruit aguas frescas. It was super sweet and super refreshing. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EnCIojgP5KTr1leaysFE3A?select=Wz0vow2OgM5E5N6lMQP07Q   The prices for each Arepa are about $3 or $4 bucks a piece, which isn't too bad considering how delicious they are. The guys who were working in the shack were all friendly and got our food out to us quickly.   If you're in LV and feel like something quick, tasty and cheap, don't go to some crappy chain place like McDonald's, head on down to Viva Las Arepas and treat yourself to some phenomenal Arepas. Trust ME.
Wow. Omg. Wow to the garlic shrimp arepa. SO flippin good! I'm so mad I didn't get 2 lol. One star off bc the beef empanada I got was just ok and nothing special. I can't wait to go back already for more arepas!!!
It's a little permanent booth that's open late. There are always happy customers hanging around. The food is really yummy. The first time I ate there it was on a whim on the way home. The next time and every time after was with intent. We've ordered a bunch of different items and everything was tasty. AND you can watch them cook your food. It may be just a little booth, but I wasn't worried that I'd get sick or see the place closed due to a failed health inspection because you can see everything they are doing in the little cooking space. I recommend it for good fast, hot & fresh food.
Ay dios mio!!  This place is amaze balls! Tiny little pouches of yummy greasy goodness.  Its the PERFECT hangover food or if you're just in the mood for something naughty but different.  This little hole in the wall is right across from the OG.  If the weather is nice, take a seat outside.  I've had the shredded beef, chicken, pork, and lengua arepas and they are delicious!  Most people order 2 or 3, but I find myself full with just one...and of course an empanada. Service is fantastic and this place is usually poppin so plan to wait a bit for this little taste of Venezuela.  Definitely worth the wait!!
All tho the place is on the corner of las Vegas blvd. It's worth standing outside. The food taste so fresh and service was excellent.  price for what u get is a steal !!
I love food stands and this is a must try place.  The service was great.  It was freezing and windy the night I went, and the nice vendor told his clients to wait in their cars and that he would bring it to us.  You don't have to go to a fancy restaurant to get 5 star service. The food was interesting.  It was my first time having arepas and I got the hot Lengua Arepas (tongue)  and a cold Reina Pepiada (chicken avocado--**their most raved about arepas**).  Get the green chile sauces..it enhances the taste. They both come in the grainy textured corn bun (similar to an english muffin).  The Lengua Arepas is a little messy because of the oiliness of the sauce. I actually liked the Reina Pepiada more because of the fusion of the cilantro, mayo, and avocado marinating the shredded chicken.  You have to at least try it out once.
If you have never had a Empanada before, like me, you will be in for a tasty treat. I had one stuffed with ham / cheese/ black beans/ avacado. It was a serious party in my mouth! The Chef Felix, is the nicest man and he is always there with a smile on his face. If you are down by Dino's, Las Vegas BLVD & Wyoming, stop by and get yourself one of these incertible treats!
Le girlfriend and I loved the arepas the Venezuelan boyfriend of our friend made for us at a get-together, so we were excited to try these well-reviewed ones. However, we came away a little disappointed.  Perhaps the biggest positive about this place is the amount of crap that gets stuffed in the arepa. It's like a mini meal, even for a big, strong, Fabio-esque guy like myself. The flavor is decent - we had a hot shredded chicken arepa and a cold shrimp arepa. The tastes certainly weren't bad, but I felt that there was nothing special about them. The sauces available at the tables are really good, though, and one is super spicy, so BE WARNED.   We also tried a sugarcane drink, but it doesn't compare to Asian sugarcane drinks - this one was very tamarind-y, but at least it was cold and refreshing in the hot as balls day.
I have been to this food stand downtown several times over the last year and I have never been disappointed.  I always order at least two arepas, but that is always too much food for me because they are NOT stingy!  All of the drinks they offer are delicious, my favorites are the tamarindo and passion fruit.  The black bean and cheese and reina pepiada arepas are a must try.
Really tasty street-side food. The arepas are made with light, fluffy dough that could be quite addictive. My tamarindo was great, too - not too sweet like some are.   One word of warning - the arepas are big, so only order 2 if you are famished.
This is so amazing.  It is a little shop on Las Vegas Blvd.  There is no indoor seating, and you must sit outside.  The food is outstanding.  I always order the shredded beef arepa and the black bean and cheese  empanada when I come to vegas.  Their sauce, especially the green sauce is sooo good.  Would recommend you coming here.
This place doesn't look like much but its worth stopping. I came with a few friends which I'm very happy about since I was able to taste a few arepas. I tried the shredded beef, shredded chicken, tongue, pernil (roasted pork) and the reina pepiada (chicken and avocado mix)  I can't say which one was my favorite since they were all amazing. Each one is about $5 and I was pretty full after eating just one.  If you are in the area this is a must stop.
This place is very small but packs a huge flavorful punch to your taste buds! Made me an instant fan! I had the #1 carne machado, beef empanada & the coconut with cheese pastelito. I also tried the guava & cheese pastelito, that thing was amazing! I loved every morsel of all the good food I was able to try.
My first Arepas and is was Viva Las Vegas good!  I had to try this place after reading Craig R's review.  I've never had an Arepas before so I was looking forward to trying it.  This place is a stand alone shack on the corner at the end of the north side of the strip.  Seriously its a shack, you cant miss it cuz it sticks out!!!  They have some tables set outside so there are places to for you to eat there.  Saw a few that just swung by and got it to go.     An Arepa is a flat, round and soft patty made out of cornmeal, which is grilled, making it crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, and then it can be stuffed with beef, chicken, ham, cheese, beans, shrimp, and many more. These delights are gluten-free, and wheat-free.  Aside from arepas (hot/cold) they also serve empanadas and hallacas which are like tamales.  SInce I was having a really late dinner I decided to try 2 and got a #5 and #7 with a mango drink to wash is down.  I sat down and waited about 10 min and the guy brought it out.   #5 Roasted Pork Butt  (Pernil) which is Slow Cooked Marinated Pork, Fresh Tomato Slices and cheese.  Damn this was tasty good.  Great flavored pork, tender and juicy.  The cornmeal was grilled perfectly with a crisp!  #7 Reina Pepiada which is Shredded Chicken Breast, Avocado,  Mayonnaise, Cilantro, Green Peas.  Was like a chicken salad as this was a cold version.  They look small but they are actually pretty big and was only able to eat half of this one as I was totally full.   The guy told me about the 2 homemade sauces they have on the table.  One is green and a milder version but with a really good flavor.  I would buy some of this good stuff.  The red was obviously spicy and so I didn't really use it but it was good.    This place may look questionable but let me tell you this is a great hole in the wall place to hit up when your in LV.  It's way off the strip so you wont have to deal with lines and strip prices.  They have great tasty food   Eyes ~ Ok its on the corner and the seats are pretty much on the sidewalk. Nose ~ Not much to smell when your outside and the wind whipping! Ear ~ Cars cars cars! Mouth ~ Damn tasty arepas! Tummy ~ Stop stuffing more food mouth, I'm freaking full yo!
There are some places that are so good, and your eating something that is so good, that your brain turns off and you go into munching non-stop mode. I can't explain how much I love the food here. They got me on a 2x weekly stop. Cheap prices and excellent food in a food trailer/restaurant/takeout joint. I'm so hooked on this place that even writing this review thinking about the food again makes me want to stop writing, jump in my car, and get some arepas! And I might just do that. Keke. I'm not kidding, some of the BEST food in Vegas is here. OK, i'm going there right now screw it.
I love Arepas and while planning a trip to Vegas I found this food cart on Yelp. What a find it was. I had the #7 chicken and avocado Aprepa it was excellent! Trying to figure how I can go another time or two while I'm here.
This place made me so happy to have met up with my cousin, a local. Would have never even noticed it but it was the first suggestion off her tongue. Speaking of tongue, that was what I picked (to my companions' chagrin) and it was delicious. Try both sauce bottles!
Like a lot of words, I can't really pronounce it, but I can eat an arepas like a boss!  I had a bite of my co-worker's pork butt (hehe) and it was tasty, but so far, I plan on sticking with the pollo mechada.  The cold shrimp (#6) arepas looked pretty great too when I picked up lunch for my office.  This place is that unique little find: great food at cheap prices.  Don't be scared by the sketchy location and vagrants you see hanging on the street.  This place is too legit to quit.
The BF and I were close and needed some snackies.   We ordered a pork arepa, 2 bean and cheese empanada and mango to drink.   The mango drink was really good. It was not too sweet, fresh and refreshing. I coulda had a few of those since it was a hot day.   When our order came it was the wrong order. We got one meat arepa and a bean and cheese arepa so we figured maybe she didn't hear the empanada part and perhaps got us a arepa instead? Oh well, we'll eat it anyways.   The bean and cheese was yummy with flavorful beans. The meat turned out to be beef (unless my taste buds are wonky) but it was so tender and fantastic. Normally shredded beef is somewhat stringy, but not this. I normally wouldn't order beef but here I would definitely consider it. The arepa was wonderfully crispy on the outside and had some chewiness inside that was addictive. I can eat those alone even. Don't skimp on the mustardy hot sauce and the creamy sauce as both make the arepas even better, I think!   Eventually I guess they realized it wasn't that they got our order wrong, we got someone elses order! The guy on the grill (I'm assuming is the owner) was apologetic about it and gave us 2 bean and cheese empanadas anyways which was cool of him. It was not what I expected at all. I was thinking more like pastry dough type empanadas, but the consistency was like the breading that is around corn dogs which lead the BF and I trying to figure out how they make it. These were tasty but since I'm a Hot Dog On the Stick fan, I'm definitely ordering just a plain cheese one next time.   Now that its hot, it's gonna suck to come visit but I definitely enjoyed that meal and want to come back again soon.
I am in love with this place! I have eaten lunch here 3 times in the past two weeks... Trying something new everytime! I have seen several great reviews on this place, so I had to stop and check it out. A little stand in Dino's parking lot that cranks out food with lots of flavor.   The first visit I tried the most popular item - Shredded Beef Arepa! 2 cornmeal cakes stuffed with shredded beef in the middle that was seasoned perfectly. They then give you a creamy cilantro sauce or hot sauce to put on...  The creamy cilantro is the best! The sandwich appears small, but don't let it fool you.. It is filling... Thinking it was small, I also tried the chicken empanada! Yum.. It was so good, I kept eating it, although I was full.   2nd visit, I called ahead of time to have the Hallaca  which is a mixture of beef, pork, chicken, rasins, vegetables, olives, and capers wrapped in cornmeal dough, and finally, wrapped in plantain leaves, tied with string, and boiled after. Top it off with the creamy cilantro.. YUM! Another great combination of flavors you won't experience anywhere else. I also tried a pastelito, the ground beef and rice.. another great choice.   3rd visit, I went with a cold arepa, the vegetarian.. Lots of great taste, but very hard to eat. It kept sliding so I couldn't take a bite of all the flavors at one time. But the individual flavors did not disappoint. Again, very filling, so don't let the size fool you.   All 3 visits the food tasted great, fresh and the service from Felix is fantastic.  I plan to be a regular here.. It's that good!
A small shack on the strip with about 5 tables on the sidewalk.  The arepas are about $4-5 each.  I got a hot beef and cheese and a cold chicken and avocado.  I loved the beef because it was hot/warm and the arepa bun was also hot and tasted good hot.  The cold one was meh.  The chicken and avocado was a good combo, but the arepa bun was like eating a corn tortilla right out of the plastic bag.  It needed some heat on the corn meal to make it softer.  I wouldn't get a cold one again, but the hot ones are really good and worth it.
Strange beginning to my debut here. The owner had stepped out when i arrived around 1pm on a Sunday, so i was left trying to order from the cook who doesn't know a lick of english (hello border patrol). He didn't understand "#1 and #2 to go, but he did say "let me call my boss" so he calls his boss who didn't answer the phone. Five awkward minutes later, i yell out "uno y dos and adios" and the cooking got underway finally. Oddly enough, he asked in English if I wanted cheese. Both the shredded chicken and beef were tasty, but the edge goes to the beef, although both needed more peppers and onions and the promised garlic wasn't too prevalent. The chicken was kind of mushy too. The cornmeal pancakes were the best part, so i will probably focus more on veggie stuffings which would let those shine through more. The hot green sauce had much more flavor than other green buttermilky stuff, but gotta use that lightly. The cheese was a good addition for 50 cents.
For the first time I stopped by today for lunch and the chef was more interested in talking on the phone than taking care of the customers, 10 minutes  went by and still he wouldn't get off the phone so I took my  business elsewhere.
Best Food Truck food I have ever had, best part, it doesnt move!  Its on LV BLVD at Wyoming across from the world famous Olympic Garden.   Easy in Easy Out, no lines, and talk about some yummy stuff.  I got the Pork style Arepas and it was absolutely Amazing!   I put the hot sauce the provide from a small ketchup squeeze bottle, as well as the white sause they gave me too.  A little of each for every bite.  I was so satified and happy, I almost fainted, from the heat of the day and my amazing food.  Latin food is in full swing at this little place.  I had am empanada after with chicken, it was deep fried, and super duper hot, I had to on up and see its yummy goodness and let it cool for a minute before I started on it.   This was a work of art on a plate, and tasted just as numby, yummy, get in my tummy!    Highly Recommended, with drink and two items $9 bucks.  without drink or second item, $5 bucks.   Its doesnt get this good normally for $5 bucks.  Come hungry, leave satisfied and happy!
I really enjoyed this place last night.  I admit it was a little freaky sitting on tables on the sidewalk with cars driving by, but the food helped ease my fear of being hit by a car.  This is one time that I wish I had gone with my gut and not ordered what the yelpers recommended.  I ordered the Reina Pepiada (an arepa with chicken, avocado, mayo, peas) and the pork butt arepa.  Pork butt was fantastic, totally would get this again.  Not fatty, totally tender.  The Reina Pepiada though, I'm not so sure about.  I'm not too crazy about staying in shape, but I feel like anyone who is concerned about their health wouldn't be eating this for dinner every day.  I'm glad I tried it, but I don't think I will order it from this point on.  Way too much mayo for my taste.  Overall great experience, come here for a quick bite.  If you have a date that doesn''t mind being in a non-romantic setting or be accosted by strange people on the street, this would be a perfect date spot!
Funky location, but yummy food! Tried the shredded beef and the shredded pork. I really liked the pork, my partner liked the beef. Both were yummy and each came with its own special sauce. Very tasty and a super deal. I can imagine this as a perfect hangover cure too. Luckily, that wasn't my experiece of it this time. I would like to go back and try more from their menu. Easy walk from the nearest Duece bus stop - North of the Stratosphere.
Blame it on the A-a-a-a-a-alcohol if you want, but the food this place puts out was like mana from heaven at midnight last Saturday night. We were leaving Dino's and a friend suggested we get Arepas, since I'd never tried them before. We got a beef arepa and a lingua arepa. When i tasted the yummy, cheesy, tender filling surrounded by the moist corn flour wrap I could barely put it down. I love that they leave the sauce on the side, so you can add it to your liking. The shredded beef was so tender and hearty. The lingua (beef tongue) tasted very similar to a slow cooked pot roast that had been shredded and sauteed with peppers and onions. It was spicy and the accompanying sauce made it even more so. It was delicious! It took some liquid courage to get me to try it, but now I'm hooked! I'm actually considering driving there on my lunch hour today (completely sober of course)! This place is a must try if you've never had an Arepa, or if you're close to downtown and hungry!
IT IS A MUST EAT PLACE. The food is AMAZING and really cheap and the guys are awesone. Sucks its kind of in a bad location but its worth going. Me and my gf got the shredded beef arepa and the number 7 I think, with shredded chicken peas and avocado. Everything was amazing so after we ate we went back and got empanadas. But those too were amazing and stuffed with beef and seasoned really well. I can't wait to go back.
Garlic shrimp Bacalao Reina pepiada Black beans and cheese Chicken and cheese
First time trying an arepa, and it was delicious! I tries the pork butt and it was moist and tender. The arepa was packed with pork. The bread was a little greasy, but I loved how it was crispy.   I think this is the only place I have come across selling passion fruit (besides a boba shop), guava, soursop, and sugar cane juice.   I will definetely be back again. Fyi, credit cards are accepted if your purchase is more than $10, otherwise it's a $0.50 fee.
I would have enjoyed my first Venezuelan sammich more if I weren't so hungover.  Nonetheless, I still enjoyed the Turkey Pastrami & Cheese Arepa until the bread got soggy... and the view of the strip club across the street. I liked my friend's super loaded and savory Garlic Shrimp Arepa better though... I'll order that next time.   - Ideal for a quick snack or to-go, since this little shack really is a glorified food truck. - Plastic is accepted, but bring ca$h if you're only ordering one item, since all the arepas are between $3 - $5. - I guess the juices are made from fresh fruit (yay!), because guava wasn't in stock the day I went (boo!) - No clearly defined parking spaces - we parked right by the shack - Misters out front kept our skin hydrated in the scorching heat
I have been wanting to try this place for awhile So finally the other day I hit it. Not impressed. It wasn't bad really but it didn't rock as very authentic. I love street food and this looked so third world street food I was pretty excited. Wasn't very tasteful, It was okay but Chicken and Pork were average. Cant say I have been to VZ but didn't make me want to go for the food. It was okay but not anything to behold.
I don't why people are so hype about this place. maybe because the hot weather makes me not feel good when I eat this.
First of all, I want to point out for the record to all my fellow mexican brethren and Mexican food lovers, a Venezuelan arepa is nothing more than a Mexican gordita! Delicious! I can't even tell you how many times we've passed this little spot on trips to downtown during Las Vegas trips past. I'm sure you've passed it a time or two if you are one of those people searching for the "Pawn Stars" pawn shop. Located on the corner of Las Vegas. Blvd. and Charleston Blvd not too far from the Stratosphere, this little shack should be added to your LV food agenda.   Six of us went, and five of us liked it and this is what we had:  Reina peinada- cold chicken salad with a cilantro and avocado cream sauce dressing. A little bland for my taste, but enhanced with some type of salsa they had, it was perfect. Not spicy, but had enough kick to add extra flavor. My wife said it had beer in it, but I couldn't taste it......probably cause I had already been drinking beer.  Ground beef- unanimous favorite of my group. Perfectly seasoned. Didn't need anything. Hot, juicy and flavorful!  Pastrami and cheese- supposed to be cold,  came out hot, probably from grilling the arepa. Not bad, but nothing special I'd say, lose the pastrami and just get one with cheese all on its own cause that's all I really tasted on this one, and the cheese was good.  Agua de panela- sugar cane juice with lime. Picture looks more like piloncillo/panocha, brown sugar-ish. Very tasty. Reminded me of agua de tamarindo or malta which was probably the tang from the lime. Everyone in my group liked it but kept fighting about whether it would go better with tequila or vodka. Guess I'll just have to take both next time to test it out, all in the name of science of course! All in all   will have to come back to try other things on the menu. Ran in to a lady in line that was from Venezuela and she said she and her family love it and go there at least once a week because its the real deal
I love this little establishment because the food tastes great and unique as there is no other authentic Venezuelan restaurants in Vegas.  The price is very reasonable and you wont find any place like it.  Their juices are great as well.  It gives you a feeling you are in the tropics!
better, more authentic venezuelan arepas than most i've had in the state.  mechado and pork butt were good.  my usual favorite, reinas pepiadas, had too much cilantro.
Perfectly situated right outside Dino's. Perfection!
I am sorry, but there is nothing wrong with this place. The workers are friendly. The food is great. It has outdoor seating (which may bother some, but not me personally). I got the food relatively quickly and I continue to come back because these people know how to make DELICIOUS FOOD. Honestly, you can order anything on the menu and you will be golden.
Mmmmm, thanks Yelpers for the awesome recommendation! I can see this place being a go to spot every time I hit up Vegas now! This place is way off from the usual hang out areas, but it's worth the trip if you have a car, are willing to walk to bfe, or take a taxi to bfe (by Vegas standards).  I ordered the shredded beef with passion fruit juice to wash it all down. The price was really cheap ($4 for the arepas and $2.50 for the drink) and completely worth it. The arepas was super tasty (and I really want to know what the "bun" was made out of. It came with two sauces that I have no idea what they were, but I used them anyway. One was spicy and the other was creamier - I of course, went for the spicier one because it has more flavor to bust through the strong flavors of the shredded beef and added a bit of a kick to the food. So so so worth it. The juice was really delicious and not overly sweet.
Growing up one of my good friends parents' were from Venezuela and his mom used to make us arepas. It had been many years since I had had one of these great meals because I didn't know where to find them, so when I discovered this place I was elated. I usually get the chicken as well as the bean, add avocado, you wont be disappointed!
This place is an awesome best kept secret! Who knew a little food truck would be so good! Super cheap too!
Mmmmm! they are so good and cheap, the best place to get good food in vegas is away from the strip . A definite must try if in Vegas you won't be disappointed.
I have been reading about this place for quite some time. I've been wanting to drop by, but it's in a part of town I almost never find myself in. So last Thursday I got off work a little early and I asked the wife if she would like to try the place out.  Now let me preface what I am about to say by letting you know that I used to live in Venezuela, birth place of the wonderful arepa. I ate arepas every single day I lived there. Breakfast, lunch, dinner. Mid-afternoon snack. I've had them cooked on a griddle(traditional), deep-fried, and baked. And I loved them all. I cannot ever remember getting one I didn't like. My favorites order was "Dos arepas de pollo y un pepsi (pronounced peksi down there)" from La Areparia Diecinueve De Abril in Cumana. I'd stop there at least once a day.  That said, it was to my ginormous disappointment that last Thursday I had my first bad arepa.  Sorry folks, a  precooked arepa that's been sitting in a heating tray only to be tossed on the griddle at the last minute to be reheated is bad from the word go. Add to that mushy, bland pollo mechada(shredded chicken), and things don't get much better. The carne mechada (shredded beef) wasn't much better, or should I say not as bad. The jugo de parchita was watered down to the point of being almost indiscernible as passion fruit juice.  I promise, I really had high hopes for this place. Being the only Venezuelan restaurant in Las Vegas I was excited to try it. But as much as it pains me to say, Viva Las Arepas, I know arepas, and you are no arepa.
I've been coming to this place every time I'm in the area.  Today I was surprised when I handed over my debit card and the lady told me that they charge an additional .50 for paying with a debit card.  In the past I always paid with a debit card and never had a problem.  Why in the world should I pay more for using my debit card?  Never heard of that before.  Only at the gas stations they charge extra and it's 35 cents.   I'm very disappointed about this new practice and won't be back again.  Totally obnoxious.
I finally found a place with some culture and charm. It has that thing that's missing in Vegas; a place you can go to get one thing made very well. Viva Las Arepas is inexpensive, super delicious, and something you will crave once you try it.
A great place to have lunch in Downtown.  Don't let the corner location deter you...it's really, really, ridiculously good food.  I love the #7 (Reina Pepiada), which combines avocado and cilantro, two of my favorite food ingredients.  The patty is always so soft and warm, the filling well-seasoned and plentiful.  My friend says the pork-butt is also delicious.    We usually get the food to go, but it looks like they are building an actual restaurant on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd and Wyoming or Oakley.  Otherwise, there's a table (or two) on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd, and a couple of stools at the counter.  It can feel a little random, but also provides a good forum for people watching.  (Like who is ordering food at the Chinese food/donut shop across the street?)  The arepas are cheap, and I only need to order one because they're big!  Also, if you have an order of $10 or less, there's a 0.50 cent charge to use a debit or credit card.
Went here today. Ordered one hot( bean and cheese w/avocado) and one cold( chicken, avocado, mayo and peas) both were pretty good.  Everything seemed clean and fresh.  Overall, I wasnt super impressed but what do you expect from a small kiosk.  Not bad if you need a quick bite to eat.
Short review!  (will include an update in a month)  Viva Las Arepas!!!  Oh Viva Las Arepas!  Located on an unseemly street corner (Believe it was LVB/just pass Charleston - be sure to be on the look out!)  sits a tiny little 10x12 shack of goodness!  This past Vegas trip was all about exploring the local food scene outside of the main strip, and boy did we experience some delicious treats such as these Arepas!  Since it was simply a tasting... our part of 4 decided to share on one arepa... Reina Pepidas!  Yes... 4 sharing one......  Reina Pepidas is this arepa (corn meal bun toasted with savory fillings) that is filled with shredded chicken mixed with cilantro, avocado, green peas, and mayo..... just think of it as a chicken salad sandwich on steroids!  Super delicious!!!!!  The flavor of the cilantro and avocado coupled with slightly crispy buns of the corn meal made this a super filling yet delicious treat before actual lunch!    Sauces comes with it too... I believe one of them is a delicious non-spicy cilantro sauce while another one is a spicy salsa that could potential knock your socks off!  Mixing all the flavors together will create a different yet awesome flavor that you surely don't want to miss.  Our party was looking at the pork butt arepa but since we were heading over for actual lunch, we decided to give it a try next time...  Is there a next time?  Hell ya!  They've done pretty well to a point that we noticed that an actual storefront is in the works just closely down the street... I bet it's going to be crowded when that completed...  But in the mean time, be sure to keep your eyes open for the little tiny shack that is on a street corner.... don't judge the book by it's covers.... you will be pretty amazed on what you find here at Viva Las Arepas!  Until next time Arepas!!!
A taste of Venezuela!    I've been looking for a great place for an arepa in Los Angeles and have not found one.  I found this place here on Yelp and made it part of my agenda while my second in a week foodie trips to Las Vegas.  I highly recommend this food stand as these arepas are as good as I've had them in Venezuela.  They're moving in four weeks so look out for them at a storefront instead of a food stand on Las Vegas Blvd (the strip) closer to Stratosphere on the way to Downtown.  Muy deliciosa!
What can I say about Viva Las Arepas that hasn't already been said?   This place is fantastic. Down to having a conversation with the owner (Felix) who will tell you the story of how this was his passion and his goal to open up an Venezuelan restaurant with his family recipes.   This has basically been, my groups hangout since it opened over a year ago. It's addicting, even for those who typically don't consider themselves south american food conneisuers. The arepas, amazing, my favorite is the #7, it consists of a chicken salad type mixture, in the amazing cornmeal shell that completes the arepas. I highly reccomend having this with the spicy sauce, and with a mango drink. It helps cures hangovers, and hunger alike. I promise, whatever you order, you won't leave Vivas Las Arepas unsatisfied. Your tummy will be full and you'll have a bit of a cultural experience like any other.
Ever since it occupied the little corner on Las Vegas Blvd. and Wyoming Ave. (in between the Strip and Downtown, but closer to Downtown) some time ago, I was so curious about this popular little outside eatery (seats around the little space).   I've had the # 2 chicken arepas- shredded chicken, tomatoes, garlic, onion (the hot filling one, there is a cold chicken filling one too, which is totally different) three times before writing this review. My husband's had the beef - bell pepper, onion, tomato, garlic, and the pork arepas- shredded pork butt, tomato slices, on two separate occasions- he said they are both so good, he is not sure which one is his favorite! Ok, I am addicted to these hearty venezuelan cornmeal sandwiches and at roughly $4.00 each, it's cheap eats meets hole in the wall, though there aren't technically any walls to speak of, haha. Just one fills me up. I keep forgetting to use the sauces, but they stand up on their own, so much flavor! On the weekend, if my husband asks "What are we having for dinner?" This place immediately comes to mind.   We also tried the $2.00 empanadas, but these are puffy and deep-fried- more like a doughnut, different than Filipino ones (sweet dough, ground beef, diced vegetables, and raisins- more like a meal pocket)- which I prefer, guess it's a childhood thing, too. I'm curious about the drinks. I'll have to try it one day.   Guess this place has done really well, though, because they are going to be opening up the former BBQ place down the street, the corner of Las Vegas Blvd. and Oakey. Not sure if they are keeping this little corner place, though. One time, my husband noticed that a couple from California was eating here, so I know that this place has gotten proper exposure in the Yelp world (over 150 reviews). The website still needs updating, as there are no sunday hours listed. Relax, take a deep breath, it's really open on sundays. Maybe the popularity changed their operating hours. You can also call ahead for Pick-Up if you don't want to wait for your food. The parking lot shares space with Dino's bar BTW.
*3.5 stars*  We checked this little food stand out after our friend raved about it and mentioned that it was featured on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives.    I ordered the Chicken (Pollo Mechado) Arepas and the Beef Empanada.  I ate the empanada in the car and it was definitely fresh and hot (so hot I burned the roof of my mouth on it) ;(   We waited until getting back to the hotel to have the Arepas.  Tip: make sure you have wet wipes and a lot of extra napkins....there is no pretty way to eat this bad boy!  While it was definitely flavourful, and filled with meat (you definitely get your money's worth), I found it way too filling. Also, by the time we got back to the hotel, the arepa had sadly gone soggy.  But the accompanying sauces were great toppers.    Value wise - it's a great value. $4 for a whole lotta meat!  And only $2 for the empanada.    That said, I almost feel bad about giving Viva Las Arepas a 3.5 rating, after seeing all the great reviews here.  I will definitely give Viva Las Arepas a chance again upon my next Vegas visit, and this time, I will make sure to enjoy my arepas right away.
Bigger does not always mean better. Seriously, why did they have to change things when they moved to a larger space, down the street?  Before my husband gave it to me, he said "Do you want the good news or the bad news?" Not a nice opener. He followed it up with the owner saying the menu was changed. I was so looking forward to getting my chicken arepa yesterday for lunch while watching my game on tv. Well, the chicken was totally different- I get grossed out when I am pulling out pieces of cartilege, then I finally took off the chicken and just ate the corn part. My husband's beef arepa was super salty, good flavor, but dang the saltiness was really high. He likes salt but he didn't finish it, so I threw it out (I can't eat that).   On top of all this, the prices got higher. Such a disappointment. I don't know if anyone else feels the same.
Wonderful! The owner is super nice and happy to make suggestions. Food is ridiculously good.
I wanted to have lunch and try something different and Viva Las Arepas came to mind.  As I drove down Sahara, I was wondering if it was wise of me to go here today when we were having a sprinkling of rain and take a chance of sitting outside in 50 degree temperature or else eating in the car.  What a surprise to find they had moved from their small stand with no interior except for cooking and serving into their own strip mall store!    Having read my good friend Holly's Yelp review, I knew I was going to get the pork arepa.  That and a can of diet Coke came to $4.99 plus tax--a great price for a good lunch.  After placing the order, the woman at the counter said they'd bring my lunch to the table and she told me to sit anywhere I wanted.  The sandwich came quickly along with three plastic bottles--one with mayonnaise, and the other two with their sauce, one spicy and one mild.  They're in mustard/ketchup kind of plastic squeeze bottles with the mayo in white, the mild sauce in the yellow container, and the spicy one in red!  Appropriate.  I tried some of the spicy sauce and I was hooked!  I wish I had taken a bit more time to really savor this wonderful sandwich but I snorted a few times and it was gone!  The pork was very flavorful and tender, and the arepas dough was cooked very well.  This was my first time having one but it will not be my last.  I have to go back and try some of the other things.  It's too good of a place to pass up anymore.  And now with an indoor restaurant, I won't stay away because it's over 100 out and I won't have to worry about a few raindrops on my head!  Viva Las Arepas!
Having driven by but for some reason never making my way to eat there when it was a stand, I finally walked into their new corner location at Oakey and Las Vegas Blvd. last night.  Truth be told, I don't know how arepas or Venezuelan empanadas should be so I can't review on authenticity, just taste.  We ordered the garlic shrimp arepas and a few empanadas - cheese, cheese & bean, and cheese & guava - along with fried plantains and the Agua De Panela to drink. The taste of everything was fresh and simple, the multiple sauces, including a cilantro/mayo, a perfect addition. I was expecting the food to be heavy and greasy but it wasn't!  With items from $2-$4 and a bright, clean interior, you really can't go wrong. Felix, one of the owners, was very nice and obviously takes pride in his food.   I always enjoy a place were we can try something a little different that my six-year-old will like too. This fits the bill and it is within walking distance of my house!  If you want a quick, good bite to eat, forego the chains and drop by Viva Las Arepas.
It was really good u have to try the pollo a la brasa (grill chicken), an of course the arepa reina pepiada, pernil, pollo carne asada, this place is venezuela in vegas, i'm venezuelan so this place is a peace of my country on vegas
At the recommendation of Yelp Talkers, I went here for lunch and was pleasantly surprised.  (NOTE TO YELP, please fix the address.)   I ordered some arepas, empanadas, and other goodies to sample with the office and took them back with me.  I loved the coating on the techenos (cheese sticks) and the empanadas.  The Arepas were overstuffed and packed with flavor.  Not a complaint but be aware the Arepas (corn pita) sometimes breaks apart and crumbles so dont try to eat in your car or on the run unless you are wearing something that can get dirty.  Also be aware that the menu on the website is not the same as when you get there so don't plan your order by number and call it in.  Mysty is right, the mango drink is superb and not to sweet.  The staff is friendly and Felix talks to everyone.  When it is busy, it isn't fast so be aware. It took me about 20 minutes to get my order.  I love me some Arepas
Love the new location...much more comfortable, and will be even more so when the summer heat gets here.  Tried the ribs and the chicken and both were awesome.  One star loss for the fries which were a little oily and limp, and the black beans which were a bit dry.  But the ribs and chicken were worth coming back for again and again.
I had been meaning to check out Viva las Arepas for a long time now. I read that they recently moved to a larger location so we decided to check it out.   Both my friend and I ordered an arepa de reina pepiada, a sort of chicken salad filling, with avocado mayo dressing and a meat empenada, since two arepas would've have been too much food. I also ordered a mango water, which was very refreshing and not too sweet. Both the arepa and the empanada were very tasty.  The foos in itself is merits a four star review, and although I am hsistant, I am giving them three stars becaus eboth my friend and I felt ill afterwards. I know a lot goes into getting sick from food, veryone's digestive system if different. With that said, I can eat anywhere and I've never gotten sick.  My friend seems to think it was the salsa they gave us on the side, she says it seemed a bit off, more vinegar-y than it should be.   Regardless, as I said the food was really good so I am definitely planning on coming back and letting the management know about the sauce. I am sure it was just a fluke.
Stick to the Arepas, stay away from the mixta plate for two. It seemed to be scraps of meat thrown together. We did not enjoy it at all. The Arepa we split however was terrific. Wish we would have stuck to just the Arepas.
NO LATIN TRANSLATOR NECESSARY!  It seems like everytime I go to any Latin restaurant, I need a real live Rosetta Stone for any questions I have. Either that or I need subtitles when an employee talks to me. LOL.  Anyways, back to my review. I have heard good things about this place from all my Yelp buddies so that alone is good motivation. I have heard of arepas but never actually had them. For those noobs like me, its a dish made of ground corn dough or cooked flour, very prominent in the cuisine of Colombia and Venezuela. So you can put two of them together with your choice of meat and other toppings. I ordered carne asada with cheese. I scarfed it down like a it was the last piece of food I will ever see again. They have other delectable choices as well but when you go to a highly recommened place, you get what is popular so their namesake lived up to the hype.  Service is awesome! They answer all the questions you have and even make suggestions based on what you are leaning towards. They bring it out to you where you sit with two ketchup bottles. One has a light green colored kind of sauce and the other has a light reddish tint to it. Both have different spices to it but the reddish colored one has a little kick to it. Not overpowering, but definitely gives your food that extra oomph that keeps your mouth watering.  As for their location, they used to be half a block up the street in a little taco stand. They are now on the corner of Oakey and S Las Vegas Blvd, just kitty corner to 7/11. Look for the weird Indian statues because they are neighbors with an Indian antique store.  I guess with their recent popularity, they moved to this spacious building. They have plenty of tables and chairs so bring your friends. Plenty of room.  The only negative things I can see is that the parking is kind of limited. The old Indian statues take up several parking stalls and the stalls are small to begin with so be real careful in parking and backing up. Also they charge 50 cents for using cards to pay for anything under 10 dollars.   So if I ever make a trip to South America, at least I know what and how good arepas are. VIVA LAS AREPAS!
So Felix has moved the business to a brick and mortar store just a few stores down.  The little kiosk in the parking lot next to the diner or whatever is still open, but he manages both places now.  It took two years from when he first set up store at the kiosk til he opened up his sit down restaurant.  That's quite respectable.  I could tell that Felix was still working out the kinks, but despite a long day of managing and teaching his employees, he still provided us superior service.    The upgrade to five stars is not only for the service, but I am now very impressed with the reina pepiada.  Often times when I get it, there is a lack of flavor.  This is thus far the best one I've tasted in the States.  Also cachapas con queso, which was my second favorite thing in the meal.  The cornmeal shell was actually sweet, and I really like sweet and savory combinations.  Also we got the tostones (but they called it something else) and the yucca fries.  The tostones were a bit over fried, but at least my husband was ok with that.  The cachapas were initially over fried, so Felix brought out a second one on the house.    I really like supporting small businesses, esp ones that provide such good food and service like this one.  We will definitely be back to try everything on the menu!
I went looking for this little gem after a night out downtown.  We stumbled up right around closing time, but the staff were still really friendly and accommodating.  I didn't even bother looking at anything on the menu besides the arepas.  I mean, it's called Viva Las Arepas right? Not Viva las other stuff on the menu.  I got the pork arepa.  It was savory, cheesy, ridiculous goodness between two moist cornmeal buns.  This place makes me wish I had four cow stomachs so I could physically put more arepas in my body.  The arepas look small, but I think they're perfectly portioned and definitely satisfying.
We were told by a local that this was "the place" in Vegas for Arrepa. But not after dark, and ignore the bars on the other buildings around...  We meandered down early in the morning (for vegas standards) so we decided to enjoy a little brunch. We had a couple of the arrepas and learned they are definitely too messy to share very well. But they are huge!! The fried plantains (not tostones) were ok, they needed a little more caramelizing for me!  All in all, i'm thinking i'm not really an arepas gal...  which is a bummer.  The location although weirdly in the middle of the strip, but walking distance from the Stratosphere, is very cute and the staff - family owned - is really friendly and don't rush you in your decisions!
We were confused when we got here.  We had no idea what an arepa was, but we enjoy trying all ethnic foods.  This was our first time trying Venezuelan food.    Based on the staff's explanations of the food, we decided on several items.  The first item that we tried was called the Reina pepiada.  This arepa was loaded with shredded chicken, avocado, mayo, cilantro, and green peas.  It was pretty tasty, but I liked the other 3 items better.  The second item was garlic shrimp.  As the name says, the arepa was filled with garlic shrimp and it was delicious.  The third item was Lengua.  This arepa was filled with beef tongue, bell peppers, tomato, onion, and garlic.  It was yummy.  The last item was the Pernil arepa.  It is roasted pork butt inside.  It was marinated just right, and it was my favorite of the four items.  The location is not great, but the staff is really cool and helpful.  I recommend giving them a try.  We will be back.    Oh, and another plus is you can go to Luv It Custard for dessert cause it is located really close by!!
Stopped here for lunch while running errands.  Ordered the carne asada arepa, shredded chicken empanada, and a taqueno(home made cheese stick).  The arepa was awesome.  The corn cake like outside was crispy and they stuff it with your choice of meat, lettuce, tomato, onion,  and cheese and avocado are extra.  The empanada was made of the same corn dough, the chicken on the inside was good.  The taqueno was the corn dough wrapped around a stick of mozzarella and then fried.    Everything was very good.  Will be back to try some different menu items like the chicharrons and yuca frites.
Why is there so much rave about this place? I stopped by here on the way home today and got myself a carne asada arepas. It tasted like the kind of food I'd get at a mexican food truck on the side of the road - delicious but the flavor is because of the fat and oil. I felt pretty gross about myself after eating my arepas. This isn't the type of food for me and I think I will pass on this from now until t = - infinity.
Great food. I love the Arepas, they are all good. Go get some. Now. Seriously right now go eat! You'll love them.
I heard a lot about this place but didn't get to try it until recently. They used to serve food from a little small stand on the side of the road but they have now moved into a brick and mortar restaurant on the corner of Wyoming and Las Vegas Blvd.  The restaurant itself is nice and clean, but the location is easy to miss if you go there for the first time. By the time you see the restaurant, you probably will need to make a roundabout just to be able to get into the parking lot.  Anyway, I've only tried three things at this place: rib eye steak, pork butt arepas, and asada arepas. I know that it's strange that I go to an arapas place and ordered steak, but they had a special rib eye steak for $10.99 and I was craving for it (LOL). Even though the meat wasn't high quality, the fire grilling and seasoning brought out great flavor from the meat and their side dishes were delicious.   For the pork butt arepas, the meat was too salty for my taste. Also the corn shells/buns were too oily. The asada meat was alright also.   So what's my verdict? If you haven't tried arepas and want something different, I think you should come by and give it a try. For me, it wasn't bad but at the same time it wasn't that good for me to come back on a regular basis. I will probably stop by the next time I'm in the mood for steak during lunch or want to try something different.
Viva Las Vegas? Nah, Viva Las Arepas!  A couple of buddies told me about this place and how they have cheap yet satisfying food. My cousin and I took a trip on a Tuesday afternoon for some grub. The restaurant is located on the left when going north on Las Vegas Blvd on Wyoming. The place is quite clean and large with tables and booths.    There are pictures of their food items posted all over the restaurant. Those helped with familiarizing myself with their food items but didn't help in the sense for me to choose what I wanted since they all looked so delicious!   After reading Yelp reviews and getting a recommendation from the girl behind the counter, my cousin and I decided to get the Reina Pepiada. In between two warm cornbread slices, there was shredded chicken breast with avocado, mayo, cilantro and green peas. The consistency was almost like a chicken salad. I was a little thrown off with how warm the cornbread slices were and how cold the chicken concoction was. But I got past this in a hot minute and chowed down happily.   We were given a red bottle (spicy hot sauce) and a yellow bottle (mild hot sauce) to have with our arepas. A little sprinkle of some hot sauce (I like the spicy but the mild is good, too) with each bite is key to elevate flavors. And a side note, don't be fooled by the "small" size of the arepa. This little baby fills you up. I walked out of there overly stuffed.   To wash it all down, we each ordered a fruit juice. What's cool is that they let you try samples before you buy one. My cousin ordered the guava juice and I ordered the mango. I expected the juices to be a little thick, but they weren't. Very refreshing and not too sweet. Doesn't taste artificial. I think I will end up craving their mango juice during the hot Vegas summer months.  If you find a silly Asian girl chanting "long live the arepa!" here, that's me. If you find a female Asian bum on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd and Wyoming with a sign that says "will work for arepas," that's me, too. That being said, you all get the point. Go get some arepas!
Thank you Yelp, and all the reviewers!, for helping us find Viva Las Arepas.  This was an awesome experience.  We will be back every time we visit, or even pass by, Vegas.  What a gem.  Everything was delicious.
I don't think I've tried authentic Venezuelan food before trying out this place. But I have to admit I don't know how much I'd like it after eating here! It made me fall in love with Venezuelan cuisine!   When I came it was just a food hut on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd and Wyoming, but now I hear it's actually branched out and opened as a restaurant just a walk away from it. I guess it has turned into a hot dog stand now.   Anyway, you can get both cold and hot arepas. They are decently priced, ranging from $2 - $5 so obviously you can't just have one! But before you go all crazy and order everything off the menu, let me tell you they can be quite filling! I would suggest two of them and an empanada constituting a full meal. I've tried the Roasted Pork Butt with tomato slices - FANTASTIC, beef tongue arepa - FANTASTIC times 2, and the Reina Pepiada which is chicken breast, avocado, mayonnaise, and cilantro - not as good as the beef arepas, but still tasty. I have also tried their empanadas. Really really good. Make sure to try the arepas with the special sauces they have for you to use.   This place overall is the best place to go before a night out downtown for a quick, inexpensive, and absolutely delicious meal.
The place is great but the tequenos are horrible!!! the arepas are ok, they don't have any yellow cheese or salty cheese to put on the arepas or the patacones. Very disappointed. Viva Las Arepas you have to offer queso semiduro!!! or at least cotija or feta cheese, something salty. I used to eat my plaintains with queso semiduro in Maracaibo so here I replace it with cotija. I am very disappointed.
Love this place!! The garlic shrimp arepa and fried plantains are sooo good!! The ribeye steak was a very generous portion for the price!   Will definitely be back soon and recommend it to my friends!
Second return trip and now at their new location across the street from their former food stand!  This time I met one of the owners, Felixm and I ordered the same shredded beef arepas and this time a Polar (Venezuelan) soda.  Great looking location and still wondering why it is not packed in here. This is truly Las Vegas' hidden gem.   Venezuelan food is one of my favorite cuisines and something that is lacking in Los Angeles -- or I just don't know where to get great arepas other than at Coupa Cafe in Beverly Hills. I've had Columbian arepas nearby my place, and it just didn't hit the spot.  My aunt ordered the Venezuelan empanadas this time, but were lacking flavor and bland.  Everything else about the empanada was great and wished the filling had more flavor. This empanada was unlike the many varieties I've tasted -- Filipino, Argentine, Bolvian (all each very unique).   My aunt tried the new wood fired beef arepa and she said that was also very bland -- hopefully they'll kick up the flavors in the empanadas and wood fired beef arepa.   Until then, this five-star review is for...  ... the shredded beef arepas!  This is just how I remember having it in Venezuela, along with the ham and cheese arepas I would have at the airports in Venezuela for breakfast.  Definitely go eat here while in Las Vegas and order the arepa de pabellon (shredded beef)!    Total comfort food here... we even brought a bunch of arepas back home to LA to share with the family.
I loved this place when they were in the lil hut up the street..Got my favorite the pepiadas arepas..its like a lil chicken salad guacy mayo combo loved it..everytime,,and the sliced pork butt with tomatoes and add cheese is just as good.Even liked the corn cheese quesadilla tasting one .Havent ventured too far off in menu even though I want to try the chicken...So glad these guys came up with this new restaurant because they seem friendly and all look like this arepas place is working as it's always crowded...Definatly TRY IT...
I came here because I saw it on the Vegas Seven magazine and wow!, In my opinion this place sucks!. When I took my first bite of the carne asada arepa, I almost threw up! The meat is horrible, tasted old and stale. I also ordered a cachapas de queso and that was ok. The fried plantains, though on the menu it says the cost is $2.00 it really cost's $2.49 and they were not ripe either, tasted more like tostones. About the only eatable and decent thing here for me was the yuca.  In the end, we ALL have different opinions and palettes, so I suggest you still come and taste it for yourself. I, however will NEVER be coming back....
This was my first taste of Venezuelan street food. I'm happy I have it a try. This joint is located right next to Stratosphere so it's easy to find. And great that they opened an actual restaurant versus just operating out of a food truck. The gentleman behind the counter were all smiles and willing to recommend an arepa for first-timers.   I had the pork butt arepa with cheese, chicken empanadas and fried plantains and passion fruit juice. This came to approximately $15. Not bad for the meal.  I didn't expect the arepa to be so heavy. Imagine an English-muffin like sandwich stuffed to the brim with your meat of choice and cheese. The bread is made of corn flour.  It wasn't bad, but adding their homemade sauces gives it full flavor. The empanada dough was thicker than I'd like but the meat again had a lot of flavor. The plantains were simple. Fried bananas. But it's blandness helped cut the richness of the arepa and empanada.  I admit I couldn't finish the whole thing and I felt as if a boulder was in my stomach when leaving. But Viva Las Arepas was an experience and I urge you to try it. Authenticity is served here.
They've moved! Across the street from their previous location and a huge upgrade from the shack.  I've never had Arepas before but now I crave it all the damn time after this place. It's a mix between Pupusas and Empanadas, but the masa is completely different than flour. It's crispy and mealy - so perfect. Also, it's stuffed like a sandwich, with lettuce, tomatoes, sauce. So maybe it's more like a burger? Regardless, it's the best.  Our group were fatasses and totally ordered for a family of 12 when it was only 4 of us. But we got to try everything so it was worth it.   My favorite arepas was the Reina Pepiada and Roasted Pork Butt! Can't go wrong with either. The shredded chicken empanada was good here too.
Had to stop in after seeing the Woof Fired Grill sign out front.  Had the half chicken with rice and beans.  Fantastic meal.  Chicken was cooked perectly and the smoke flavoring was something new for me.  Ate the entore serving of chicken.  The rice and beans reminded me Cuban black beans and rice.  Arepas rice included some veggies, I belive fava beans and green bean, nice addition.
place is neat and clean. Arepas were good and the grilled chicken is got to be one of the best deals in town! not sure about the ribs...go to Lucilles for those. the drinks were amazing! i was told that they are opening a gelato place soon next door. About time for some good gelato place
I stopped here for lunch today after having my car serviced and I have to stick with my 5 star review from before.  The gentleman who took my order was really friendly and answered my questions about the drinks.    I ordered a Reina Pepiada, an arepa made with shredded chicken breast, avocado, mayo, and cilantro.  I also got a coconut and cheese pastelito for a dessert.  For my drink, I had asked the clerk about the Malta Polar, a Venezuelan soda, made with molasses instead of sugar.  He said he liked it and I gave it a try.  It was tasty--a bit strong--but it was curiously refreshing.  Wait, that one's taken!  It was very good and it was a good accompaniment for lunch.  When he brought my food, he also brought the three squeeze bottles of sauces.  The red bottle--this is a nice spicy sauce that gave the arepas some kick.  The yellow bottle had a spicy cilantro sauce and this too had a kick.  The white bottle had the mild sauce, but it was OK.  I tried it and then went back to the premium grades.  Coconut and cheese seemed an odd combination to me, but I love coconut, so I had to give this a go.  What a pleasant treat!  The cheese mixed with the coconut had a symbiotic relationship and they went well together.  I guess I'll just have to make it a more common experience to drive the few miles from my car dealership after service and have lunch here!  Viva Las Arepas and Viva Las Vegas!
Husband and I went here for the first time. The food was really authentic and delicious. The prices were reasonably low; and the place and bathroom were clean. The only downfall is the area in which it is located due to safety concerns. But overall, I will return for the food.
I came here for lunch with the fiance. First time having Venezuelan food or Arepas.   The food was excellent! I got a wood-fired beef Arepa with cheese and avocado. I ordered avocado, but the cashier must not of heard me. When I got my order I noticed there wasn't avocado. I went up to the cashier and he let me know he didn't charge me for it. I was content with not having it, but he insisted he correct it no charge. They promptly fixed it and brought it to my table.   I also got the home-cut fries and the sugar cane with lime drink. The fries were seasoned well and cooked great. The drink was good, a different taste, but still good.  My fiance got the wood-fired chicken Arepa and it was equally as good. She tried the mango juice drink they have and it was amazing! Definitely wished I got that over the sugar cane.   All-in-all, definitely would like to go back and try other options. Excellent food and great service.
Updated Review: I was virtually addicted to the amazingness that was once viva las arepas.      So arepas moved to a new location. Beautiful building, inside seating. However,  it's missing crucial elements now. Such as the friendly conversation with the owner,  freshly made arepas, and the genuine feeling of warmth. The last few times ive been there its been a completely different experience,  leading me to seek out new places to get a bite to eat late at night. It just baffles me that less than a block of distance can so greatly affect quality of a place that had the potential to be a vegas staple.
Don't want to sound like a typical LA snob, but after coming here, I've concluded these may be the best arepas in the area, but they're not the best I've ever had.   I ordered a guava and cheese pastelito, pork butt arepa, and mango juice, which ended up being just the right amount of food.   Unfortunately I had pastelito's mixed up with the Cuban refugiados, which are flaky, delicious pieces of puffy pastry heaven. Although these were freshly made, I would take a refugiado from Porto's in Burbank over these any day. The pastelito was a small, dense, sadly unflaky pastry with a piece of solid cream cheese on one side of the pastry, and very sweet guava jam on the other.  As for the arepa, it was great and I was definitely happy, especially with the delicious green sauces, but the arepa itself just seemed a little one note; I really had to drown it with sauce to make it flavorful. I've had arepas before, at a small shop in Orange County called Mil Jugos, and those had much richer, more complex flavors.   However, these are pretty delicious and the price is right. I'm definitely going to come here again and try the other flavors of arepas, as well as the empanadas.
I've been a fan of this place since "the old days", when Felix ran the stand and would try different recipes, giving away free food many times. I have to admit that the place doesn't feel as "personal" now that it's a real restaurant with a store front, with many employees that don't necessarily know what they're serving. Having said that, I think the food is as delicious as ever. Even if Felix isn't making the stuff himself, he runs a tight ship, and the quality is maintained. I think it's the best tasting, and certainly one of the most interesting, restaurants of its category!  Be sure to check it out and experience it for yourself!  The Reina Pepiada is my all-time favorite!!
This place is a secret little slice of food heaven. Everything they make ia amazing. My love is for the Shrimp Arepa, then pork, then beef. My 5 stars should speak for themselves. So happy to see them grow from a tiny shack, across from the titty bar, to a legit building (took over the asian bbq on the corner, in the old tower records shoppibg center)They need a food truck. Hear me, Arepas? FOOD TRUCK!
No longer a food stand, Viva Las Arepas is now a brick and mortar restaurant.  I'm glad for it.  It gets hot in Vegas and this food deserves to be eaten year round.  They've added a lot of things to the menu...most noteworthy being a variety of grilled meats and some fantastic side dishes.  Have had the pork ribs, rotisserie chicken, rice, and hand cut fries.  They're all fantastic.  The arepas continue to be amazing as well.   You really can't go wrong.  My quibble with the food stand was underseasoning.  This no longer seems to be an issue.  Everything is fantastic.
Every foodie has a checklist of things that they want to try.  Being from a smallish city there isn't a plethora of Venezuelan restaurants.  Thats why when i discovered Viva Las Arepas, i was excited.  I will admit that it can be overwhelming walking into a restaurant with a different culture than your own.  I was unfamiliar with many of the ingredients, however, the staff was very helpful.  I ordered the shrimp and my sister order the pork.  The texture of the bun was unlike anything i had tried in the past.  It somewhat resembled an english muffin, but the sides were griddled so they were super crispy, and the inside was supple.  I got mine spicy, and got it topped with avocado, just incase the heat was too overbearing.  The whole package was just wonderful.  Now anyone would fear eating something and then noticing a mystery ingredient suddenly appear, which happened to me.  After closer observation, there were two bonus chunks of lobster, which i will welcome anytime.   Overall, i loved my lunch, it was flavourful, authentic, and very inexpensive.
I think I need to come back here and try more things, but for their signature item - arepas - it is a-ok.  Right off the bat, I thought of In-n-Out for presentation. Flavor-wise, I think this is ironically where it fell on its face a bit. I had both the beef and chicken arepas, no cheese. Lots of cilantro mayo and hot green sauce. The chicken was dry. The beef was MOSTLY fat. I probably just got unlucky here. I ate maybe 20% of it before I put it down pre-cardiac arrest. I do like the corn dough/arepas. Definitely has a pleasant flavor. But hey, what doesn't after it's fried?  Like I said, I should probably come back and try their garlic shrimp and maybe an empanada. Until then, this is definitely worth trying but keep some modest expectations.
This casual restaurant serves Venezuelan fare including its signature arepas. Orders are taken at the counter and the food is delivered to the table along with 3 bottles containing different sauces. We each ordered the reina pepiada arepa - an interesting take on chicken salad made with shredded chicken breast, avocado, mayo, and cilantro. It is served between slices of flatbread that are made with precooked corn flour. We enjoyed the arepas, but I am not in a rush for a repeat.   A rating of 2.5 would seem to be most appropriate.
All the hype surrounding this place is warranted. The Reina Pepiada and Shredded Beef were damn good! And the dude slinging these treats was super friendly and welcoming. Will buy again. A+++++++
Pork Butt Arepas = 5 Stars...the rest of food is a solid 4 stars.  There is something wonderful about arepas after a couple of beers...in fact in those moments Viva Las Arepas might garner 5 stars from me!  Most of the items here are good...such as the empanadas, meat w/ 2 sides, etc.  Still, like the name says, I come here for arepas.  The arepas are not just good for Vegas arepas, they are downright good arepas period.  I still miss their old stand there was something beautiful about getting divey at Dino's, grabbing an aprepa, and then finishing things off at Luv-It custard.  And while you can still walk all three of those, the ambiance has certainly changed still Viva Las Arepas opened and actual restaurant.  The interior of the space is now somewhere between a Roberto's and a Baja Fresh...there is plenty of seating, but it's not a place I want to hang out at.  Get a couple of arepas, or better yet share several items with a friend or two...the prices are nice here, so order a little more!
The best arepas I've had outside of Venezuela and they're fairly priced (precios solidarios). The only arepas I've seen in San Francisco are $10.75. I used to eat here when it was a food stand. The owner Felix is a great guy, despite being an esqualido. Nobody is perfect. I'm very happy that he has a restaurant now. I wish him much success.
I had never heard of an arepa and never would have thought to venture to this little spot as I don't drive along this street. But based on a few yelp friends reviews I ventured. I am glad I did.... The place is small, but seems pretty clean. It was definitely crowded at lunch time. The service was excellent as the woman taking my order was helpful and the woman who brought me my to-go order made sure we had all we needed.  The only thing was while waiting for the to-go order I felt I was in the way.  The food was great. I got the shredded chicken arepa and it was great... The melted cheese with tomato and all was great. I also picked up a pork butt arepa, carne asada arepa and a shredded beef empanada. They were all good with the carne asada chopped up for all the flavor but our favorite of the three was the pork butt as packed full of spices!  We were both very full and thoroughly enjoyed the meal! Glad I ventured
The man that took and made my order was very nice. Service was fast and there was seating outside the food stand. There were some birds that kept getting closer and closer trying to get free food from me; I just told them to go away. I looked like a crazy person talking to the birds, but I didn't want to share my arepas!  This food stand literally sits on a corner. It's kind of scary because it is Downtown, but I went around noon, so it wasn't too bad.  The arepas were good! I got the shredded beef. Beef was definitely spilling out of the bread pocket. It was moist and flavorful. They also sell canned sodas.   I definitely want more, I just need someone to go with me next time.
If you're down in Vegas you need to try this its a little past stratosphere and crazy good. I got the carne asada arepa and added avocado and cheese. delicious, I will definately be coming back here when im in the area
Generously stuffed Arepas, unless you're really hungry, one should satisfy even the most hungry Las Vegas gambler.  Friendly service, a clean environment and air conditioning greeted our party of 4 on a hot July evening.  While there were not many patrons at the time, we knew we were in for a treat as Viva Las Arepas had been listed in the recent "Best of Las Vegas" article, it did not disappoint.
Almost missed this place driving by, but found our way in.  There was a short wait which is always a good sign.  I had the shredded beef empenada and the chicken, avocado, mayo, cilantro arepa.  The portions appear to be small, but they fill you up!  I could barely finish both.  The food is delicious and definitely a menu that I want try all of.  The service is also quick and friendly.  Even though we ordered at the counter someone came to our table to make sure everything was ok.  Will be back for more.
Viva las.......Vegas. As for the arepas, well there's always pupusas.   I've tried the arepas once before when they were selling them from the little shack on Dino's parking lot and they were kinda good but nothing I would really get addicted to, so when I found myself in the shady neighborhood looking for other kind of addictions I decided to give arepas another try. Service is good, they were friendly and very patient with me while I read both menus one in English and the other one in Spanish, the one disadvantage of being bilingual, (or drunk) you read everything twice.  The new location is nice, spacious and clean, but the booths are kind of small you can literally take a bite off the persons arepa seating in front of you which could be good thing depending on who you're with, so if you're not interested at all in counting your companion cavities pick a table for more personal space. There's also a long communal table along the window with a view to a beautiful 7-11 and other independent entrepreneurs working around the area. you can eat and do some window shopping at the same time.   For the food I ordered the garlic shrimp and the pork butt arepas, the shrimp arepa was very good but the garlic flavor was very intense,(still present 5 hours later) and the pork butt was a little too salty and there's nothing I hate more than salty butt.  Still,  this is a very popular place and most people find the food here tasty and palatable, as for me I don't see myself waking up in the middle of the night craving arepas so if you see me late at night around the neighborhood, arepas is not what I'm looking for.   #clean #good service #ok prices
Best arepas I have ever tasted. Went with the pulled pork and cheese and the beef and cheese. It was incredible. Very juicy meats and moist, tasty, corn cakes that had the essential griddle crunch on the outside. 4.50 or so per arepa-- take advantage of it. Cachapas were also very flavorful and slightly sweet.
Viva Las Arepas is great! Deliciousness, a great value and friendly service... can you go wrong?  They have lots of options for carnivores, herbivores, omnivores and everyone in between. The garlic shrimp is yummy and so is my basic stand-by, beans and cheese (with added avocado!). For side dishes, their fries are deliciously crisp and their fried plantains are awesome as well.  On our last visit I tried the cachapa for the first time, which was like a really yummy, salty-sweet, corn and cheese pancake or crepe. I am kind of craving one right now.  The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is because I once found a hair in my reina pepiada arepa, and that was gross. But everything else has been great and we have brought visitors here with great success. Viva las arepas!
Just like a lot of places, I decided to try it out because I couldn't pick up a Vegas publication without reading something about this place!  I'm not sure what an Arepas was and how to pronounce it (nor do I even now!) but I can tell you it's wonderful!  The location is right across from another gem of mine, Luv It Frozen Custard on Oakey and LV Blvd.  Not sure how packed this place can get, but parking could become a problem.  I visited Saturday afternoon and didn't have too many issues.  So back to the food... I would describe an arepas as almost a Latin gyro sandwich.  Where you have a pita bread pocket stuffed with delicious meat.  You have several fillings to choose from, all of which are only $5!.  They also include a bottle of garlic sauce and hot sauce which helps add to the flavor of this pocket of tastiness.  All I know is I'm coming back here this weekend.  Just like how I refuse to have fast food that is not In N out, I most likely won't go back to Taco Bell in Vegas ever again!
Warning to everyone: this location is in a pretty shady area of the strip. So if you're feeling the late night munchers, I'd suggest going with other people. I went with a few yelpers around 10 pm and I was still fearful for my life when this bum haggled us for a dollar. Thanks to Angela H. for making him go away!!!   Ok with that being said, I can now move on to the real review.  So after the CMYE 51s game, a few of us were still feeling like fatties since baseball food is gross and unfulfilling. After a list of places (Tacos El Gordo, Triple 7, this other taco stand that Anthony M. mentioned which I forgot the name of), we decided on this place. Rolled in about 10 minutes before closing. The workers were not annoyed to see us right before closing. Props to them because I would be irritated seeing people strolling in right before closing.   The arepa I ordered was delish. It reminded me of a tamale but in sandwhich form. It was packed full of meat and vegetables. Definitely more meat to vegetable ratio, but still a good thing. The bread (or masa or whatever its made of) was flaky and buttery and the meat was tender and cooked just right. Came with a bottle of cilantro mayo sauce thing and some hot sauce. Both made the arepa even more tasty. I could have easily finished mine if it weren't for the beers I drank earlier.   Definitely a good lunch spot or late night dinner spot if you are in the area. Like I said earlier, just be careful when you get out of your car.
This place is A-ok. Their arepas are not the best I have had all around but it's pretty good.  I must say that I had trouble finding this place! They had recently moved across the street from their previous location, which is now a hot dog stand, when I first visited. I had to call and ask them where their new location is.  When we got there we ordered all the popular items listed on yelp. The food was decent but not amazing.  Their service is great though. So for that I give them 3 stars. My experience wasn't bad nor has it been amazing that I would want to go back for more.  If you've never had arepas, this is a perfect place to try them out!
We ate here on our last day in Vegas. We'd passed the I heart Arepas sign every time we made our way up and down the strip. After we returned from our Hoover Dam tour we marched here from the old strip. It was delicious. We had the shrimp and chicken arepas, with a few drinks. What a great treat in the middle of the desert.
Delicious! I'm vegetarian. I got the vegetarian arepa with cheese. It was sooooo yummy. I will go back EVERYTIME I goto Vegas.
The best Arepas that I have ever had, be it that they are the only Arepas that I have ever had. I recommend the Cachapas with shredded beef its an up charge as its not on the menu, but it is a great blend of sweet and savory!!
At the moment I'm going to rate 3-STARS only because not only is this my first visit to VIVA LAS AREPAS but my first AREPA.  "Don't judge me, I'm a AREPA VIRGIN"  Before the upgraded location I would pass the stand at least 4x's a week.  But it never called out to me: "c'mon dee, you know you want to try one, just one.  pull the car over dee, you won't be disappointed" Needless to say that conversation never happened.  So the other day I was watching Triple D and Guy Fieri was at a restaurant named VALENCIA LUNCHERIA and the chef made REINA PEPIADA.  I can't lie, it looked so delicious my mouth to started to water (stop laughing).  So I told myself that I will make a trip to VIVA LAS AREPAS.  I'm not quite sure about this, but I think they've been here in Las Vegas for at least 5yrs.  It's VEGAS, longevity does not come easy in this town.  OK, so enough of the introduction to this review, let's get to the REAL:  I order the REINA PEPIADA w/ a side order of handcut shortstrings.  I promise no disrespect to the Venezuelan culture, this reminds me of a TORTA. I didn't say it taste like a torta, its just reminiscent of a torta (its the san diegan in me)  FOOD:  AREPA shredded chicken breast w/ avocado and cilantro, accompanied w/ a creamy cilantro dressing and salsa.  the AREPA itself is grilled to a light brown, giving a nice crust w/ crunch.  the chicken breast is mixed together w/ the avocado and cilantro. (creamy chicken salad style)  super light and dense, nice crunch when you bite into it.  the chicken is not under/over cooked nor seasoned.  perfect amount of spice, topping the AREPA w/ the salsa is the KICKER.  OMG, the salsa by itself delicious, it has the kind of heat that does not hit you right away, the heat kicks in at the back of the throat.  Mmm, Mmm, Mmm that shizzy is FIRE!  the creamy cilantro dressing I did not dress my AREPA w/ it for the avocado covered that for me.   FRENCH FRIES i will pass on these, maybe because I got it to go my fries were soggy.....ok, no that's not going to work for me.  I'M JUST SAYING there is another well known establishment that offers handcut fries and they always make it to the house w/ crisp.   Arepas are reasonably priced, the most "expensive" arepa on the menu is $6.00 (Shrimp and Garlic arepa).  The fries are nothing fantastic, there are alternatives to the fries: fried plantains of fried yucca root.  There are other things that I would like to try on this menu, so I will be making a couple of more visit to experience the other Venezuelan delights on this menu.   SUN -THU: open til 10pm FRI-SAT: open til MIDNIGHT   TRY THEM OUT, I'M GOING BACK ;-)
Ever since eating at Caracas arepa Bar in. NYC I've been on te hunt for good arepas in and surrounding Los Angeles. I'm very happy to say I've found another spot I know deem worthy in Las Vegas.  I was even happier to discover this is the same establishment that was once a small stand outside the neighboring bar Dino's.   You've come a long way and do not disappoint. The arepas are delicious and filling! Good sauce too. The decor isn't anything amazing, but this isn't the kind of place where it really matters. The restaurant was packed with what I'm assuming was mostly a local crowd since its a little off the main strip.   All I can say is there is now a quick and easy place for me to grab a bite that will compete with my outstanding craving for Capriottis.   Good job guys! I can't wait to come back.
Venezuelan food for lunch... Arepas in the following flavors carne asada (2), carne mechada (1), frijoles negros & queso (2), pernil (3) and camarones al ajillo (1)... Plus soda (5). Under $50. We needed half of this food, it was delicious but so filling for 5 of us.  Our favorite was the wood fired beef and the pork.  Next favorite was the black bean.    We didn't care for the shrimp.  It was good quality shrimp, but the combination just didn't work for us.  I think we were just used to having beef, pork or beans in this type of food.    Heavy, filling food.  If you have never tried Venezuelan food, this would be a great place to start!
OMG, my significant other has been keeping this place from me.  I love the No. 7 Reina Papaida but everything we tried was fabulous.  Felix is very friendly and the staff always happy to explain the menu items.  I don't know how they make their Arepas but they are soooo good.  I have now been about 4 times in just a month or so.  The price is great too, only 4-5 dollars for one arepas.  The first time I went I ordered what turned out to be a feast but now I know better and keep it simple 1 arepas, and an empanada.
I found this place through Yelp (thanks, guys!!!), what a gem!  This place is a great option if you want to avoid the "typical Vegas" experience. Heck, this place is a great option if you're looking for real, good food. The servings are huge - the arepas are a little bigger than the size of your fist (I guess that depends on how big your fist is). The ingredients are fresh and the flavor is super robust! My mouth is watering just thinking about it. I ordered the garlic shrimp and the vegetarian arepas. My boyfriend, who's half Venezuelan (and he's even been to Venezuela) said that he thinks the vegetarian one is the best one he's ever had. He even wanted it as his last bite after he finished his chicken arepa. We also ordered a side of plantains and some passion fruit juice - both of which were sweet and scarfed down. A patron also told us that the fries are delicious - fresh cut like In N Out's, but better.  Felix was a pleasure to talk to and order from. The pricing is extremely reasonable ($4-$6/arepa), and we only needed 2 each to fill up before our drive back to LA. We waited a little bit for the food to be ready (clearly, I need instant gratification), but it was definitely for a good reason. The parking lot is small and shared with other stores, but we were able to find a spot for lunch; despite the small parking lot, the restaurant is spacious with plenty of seating. I hope I pass through Vegas soon, so I could get some more!
Small Venezuelan restaurant that serves arepas: small bread pockets filled with delicious meat and veggies. The arepas are delicious and surprisingly filling; I usually get the pork butt and it is juicy and flavorful. This place also serves amazing woodfired chicken that can be ordered as a 1/2 chicken combo or as a whole chicken. The combo comes with 2 sides of your choice. I usually get and would recommend the rice and fried plantains.   The owner has been featured in the Weekly and works as the head chef in the kitchen. He sometimes will come around to greet diners, but I have seen that happen less often now that the lines have gotten out of control during the lunch hours here. I'm craving some arepas now as I write this review...if you haven't been here yet, I highly recommend it!
Great food. Have to go back to try more.t
I guess you already know - this place has some delicious food.  I eat these arepas on an annual basis - and it's consistently awesome, even through the transition from the tiny walk-up stand/shack to its new restaurant location (on the next block over). I had never been to the physical location before, and decided to check it out this time. My friend and I got to the restaurant at like 11:58PM and they close at midnight (oops), but Felix welcomed us warmly and insisted we eat there as opposed to getting it to-go. We both wanted the reina pepiada arepa, but they only had enough for one so he gave us an extra beef arepa and the cachapas for FREE! After I ordered I asked what a 'pastelito' was, and when our food came out, he brought out an order of the guava pastelitos...for FREE. That man is so dang NICE.  -Wood-fire beef arepa ($5): Really good meat - I like the shredded beef better, but this wood-fire technique is apparently new? Good savory flavor but I personally like the shredded texture better - less meat falls out with each bite. -Reina pepiada arepa ($5): I normally dislike mayonnaise, but this is sooo good. The chicken+cilantro+flavors+avocado are like the best chicken salad you've ever had. -Cachapas ($5): Never had this before, we loved it! thick gooey cheese between SWEET corn pancake thingies. They weren't tortillas - more like thin cornmeal pancakes, and were sweet. Sweet and sorta salty from the cheese. So. Good. -Guava and cheese pastelito ($2): Reminded me of wontons but filled with guava jam and chunks of chewy cheese. Again great flavor - sweet from the guava but savory from the dough and cheese.  Everyone working there was so nice - we definitely were the last people in the dining room, and they didn't rush us at all even though Felix told us when we left he had to be back there at 7:30 the next morning! I felt so bad but the overall experience was seriously awesome. This is for sure on my list anytime I go to Vegas.
I've tried this when it was still the stand outside and it was awesome. Decided to try this before going to Art of Flavors on a date night around town (Dinner and Dessert in the same lot! WINNER!). Upon going in I noticed it was a different menu. A bit of a bummer, but oh well. The guy behind to counter was very nice and helpful. He confirmed that they did indeed change the menu to give it a new feel. He also helped us out by telling us what was the most popular orders. We ended up just getting the pork butt arepa because we were a bit full. All I can say is they still got it! Still fresh, flavorful, and just delicious. I'll definitely be going back when I'm in the neighborhood.
I have been coming here since they were at the smaller location. I was afraid that the food would loose some of the quality when they added the chicken and so much more to the menu. I was wrong. Still amazing still delicious and great service. This place is my go too place when I'm short on time it's fast and great for your pocket what's not too like.
Hubby and I stopped by one lazy Sunday night, our last night in town.  We were both still full from a late lunch so we ended up only ordering 1 arepas, the flame grilled beef, and a cachapas.    We took it back to our hotel room and chowed down.  The cachapas definitely would have been a lot better hot.  But then again...it was only a 10 minute drive back to our hotel - how quickly should I have to eat this thing to capitalize on maximum deliciousness?  I love how corn-y it tasted but with the hardened cheese in between, it became somewhat less palatable.  Also, it's sweet so prepare your mouth for that taste profile.  Hubby ordered the flame grilled beef arepa.  On first bite, I wasn't convinced it was better than our usual spot out here.  But when he gave up on it, I took the 1/3 he had left and nibbled.  I have to say the sauces and veggies inside were surprisingly good.  The arepas are definitely a good size and one will probably fill you up pretty well.  I'm glad we got to try it, at least.  The guy who took our order was very nice and gave us the delicious sauces which tasted better with the arepa than the cachapa.
The place is cute and clean but my 1st disappointment was at the moment we walked in.  The owner, yes the owner himself, was everything but nice......very serious, not warm or kind at all, almost rude.  I thought it was very strange that an owner handled customers like this.   Then when we got out order, my arepa was the blandest I have ever tried! - even with all the filings!.  I ordered the wood fired chicken with cheese arepa, but honestly, it was not good at all.  The dough had no taste, the chicken didn't taste like wood fired chicken but like boiled black meat chiken, and only only one slice of cheese not even melted. This is the second time I go, and wanted to give it a chance bc I didn't like it the first time either, but I got convinced:  this is another of what I like to call a mediocre restaurant. Colombian arepas are a trillion times better! And Business Owner! - be more friendly! or don't deal with face to face customer service because it looked to me you have no social skills!, which is fine.....but then don't do it!
OMG new spot to get some delicious Venezuelan arepas!  I have never had one before so I really can't compare arepa to arepa, but these little guys are so delicious for about $5 a pop!  Cheap delicious eats!  So happy that Anne L. introduced me to this place.  Here is what we tried: 1. Reina peplada: the most popular.  Chicken, avocado, mayo, and cilantro.  Served cold.  What is not to love??? 2. Pork butt: it is delicious with cheese added!  Soft pork, sorta like a pulled pork sandwich. 3. Woodfire beef: with tomato, lettuce, and onion.  Tender beef with all the veggies. 4. Garlic shrimp: fully loaded and can be served hot or cold.  5. Fried yucca and pork rinds: this was surprisingly delicious!  I was scared about eating pork rinds but they went well with the yucca!  It's like interesting fries :)  Some other notes: - bad area but nice restaurant. - right across the street from Luv-It's Frozen Custard! - the sauces are amazing - the bread is toasted and yummy  Can't wait to come back and eat everything here.  Haha.
We were meeting some friends at the Stratosphere and decided to stop by here since it was literally across the street.  The parking lot was tiny and somewhere you don't want to be walking around alone in at night, but the small sit down restaurant was simple and clean. We ordered the grilled chicken arepas and black bean and cheese empanadas.  The food took almost 20 minutes to come out and it wasn't that busy around 5:30 pm on a Friday evening. The arepas look kind of small, but they were much bigger and stuffed so we really didn't need the empanadas!  The cornmeal breading was so yummy and the grilled chicken, lettuce, tomato and cheese was really good. They served their hot sauce and another sauce with cilantro/mayo on the side which were good complements but not necessary with the arepas.  The empanadas were greasy and only half filled on the inside, but tasty.  Didn't have any room for the guava/cheese pastelito, but would love to try it next time!
Riquisimo! Te lo recomiendo Los pastelitos, la yuquita frita.   Very good food. Everything I delicious! You have to try arepa Pelua!
This place was a little piece of home for me, the cachapas were great and every item on the menu was as it should be I ate 3 meals here in two days, the service was outstanding, The owner  was there and was about as pleasant a person as I would want to meet, accommodating and totally helpful, the only thing that was missing from my meals were a few Venezuelan "Polar" Cervezas.   I had Arepas, chicharron, yuca frita, cachapas, Pabellon, and we even were able to order some Hallacas to go...yes I know thats a lot of food, but when its this good and it is this hard to get Venezuelan food, you get it when you can.  Felix was awesome, the food was awesome, the experience was awesome and I will make sure to stop there again.
1 - 5 scale Food 4 Service 4  Location 3 but clean and friendly  Get the wings! The ham an cheese was really good and the fries were huge.   I can't wait to try the roasted chicken after I noticed wood for the oven they have hidden in the back.   This is a great place if you need to experience new flavors and take in a little culture.
I literally dream about this place. If I lived in Vegas, I would be here weekly. On a 4 night Vegas stay, my girlfriends and I visited here twice!  I got the vegetarian with maduros added, the guava empanada and the passion fruit juice. Literally the perfect meal.  There is nothing bad to say about this place. Stop reading reviews and go already!!
OH MY GOD!!!!! What an amazing place. I am soooo thrilled to have found this on yelp and tried it! This is a must for anyone visiting Vegas PERIOD! I had the Reina Pepiada arepa.. and almost died!!! I also tried the pork, beef balck bean and cheese and they were all astonishingly good. I wanted to try it all. In the week that I was there I found this place the last couple of days before leaving and managed to go three more times! I also hadall  the pastelitos and my favorite was the cheese and coconut. Read the inspirational story behind the chef and owners story it was heart warming. PLUS you must go the the sister Gelatto store next door.. also break taking desserts!
I woke up this morning and all I could think of was AREPAS! I asked people where this place is at since all I know is that it's close to Olympic Garden. I used my GPS to help me find this place and brought me to Art of Flavors. Where is this place? Ah, it's right next door to Art of Flavors tucked in the corner.  After a yummy experience from an arepas foodtruck, we got garlic shrimp arepa, pork butt arepa with cheese, Reina Pepiada arepa, wood fire chicken arepa and fried plantains. They have more options here compared to the foodtruck which is not surprising. The prices are about the same. But the arepa itself is less toasted and is heavier than the foodtruck version. The cilantro sauce is equally as good, this place's spicy/red sauce is spicier. I had to try their guanabana juice to compare it to what I had when I was a kid.   Garlic Shrimp Arepa: No tomatoes or veggies, just straight up garlic shrimp. I liked this a lot especially with the cilantro sauce which elevates the garlic flavor of the shrimp.  5/5  Roasted Pork Butt: Comes with tomato slices. Add cheese. In case you didn't know, pork butt = pork shoulder and not the actual butt of a pig. Tasty pork. Both the spicy and cilantro sauce work well with this. 4/5  Reina Pepiada Arepa: Cold chicken with mayo, avocado and cilantro. Tastes just like the one from the arepas foodtruck. A much better version of a chicken salad. 5/5  Wood Fire Chicken Arepa: Really flavorful chicken with tomato, onions and lettuce. 4/5  Fried Plantains: I love this stuff. My mom would fry some plantains for me as a snack when I was a kid. So simple and easy to make yet it tastes so good. The natural sweetness of the plantains come out when you fry them in high temperatures. Eventhough they could have gotten rid of the excess oil, I still like these things. 5/5  Guanabana: AKA soursop juice and in Filipino, guyabano. This tastes like concentrate mixed with lots of sugar and water. I couldn't taste soursop. 3/5  After that meal, we headed next door for dessert. After dessert, I decided to come back here so I can try the chicharron with fried yucca. Shawn tapped out as I was enjoying chicharron and yucca. All he said to me was "I can't believe how you're still eating."  Chicharron with Fried Yucca: The chicharron wasn't the same crispy fatty pork I was excpeting. The yucca was good with the cilantro sauce though. It was as if I was eating garlic fries. Yum! 4/5
These Arepas are a good size.  The green sauce is so tasty.  The price and size for what you get is definitely worth it.  I will be back!
Big selection of arepas, tried the pork butt and shredded beef. Service was a bit slow as the cashier chatted with guest in front of me for 5 or 10 minutes since they couldn't decide what they wanted. Food came out quickly after I placed my order though. The pork arepa was pretty salty but had a good flavor. The shredded beef had a sauce on it that was super tasty - wish I asked for some more on the side to dip in. Fried plantains were good, but a little oily. All in all I would return or suggest to anyone who enjoys Latin style food.
Viva Las Arepas has it all.  I prefer restaurants with fresh ingredients, new and creative flavors, served by an attentive staff in a convenient location. This is Viva Las Arepas all the way!  I don't know how they do it, but everything I've ever had here is amazing. The only problem is that I struggle to order anything new since what I've had before is already so hard to choose from.   The fries and black beans are really great, and they offer generous portions of each for only $3, great for sharing.  The Arepas of course are the specialty, but I don't think I've seen an entree there that didn't look great.  Unfortunately, the location is a little bit sketchy for some, but I look at it as their loss. Yes, it's not the nicest area of Las Vegas, but it is right near downtown and a convenient stop before heading to any of the uber-trendy bars in the area.  Priced for lunch, Viva Las Arepas might be the best value for food in all of Las Vegas. I don't know anywhere else that offers so much fresh, amazing food for under $10.
This place was on my bookmarks since it was the shack down the street. What the heck took me so long? A well deserved 5 star review worth every spec of red you see on the YELP website!  They have a variety of Venezuelan style dishes. Of course the most popular being the Arepas. You can get chicken, beef, vegetarian, cheese, corn, basically there will be SOMETHING you will like. They also serve fried plantains, delicious black beans, empanadas (literally the BEST empanada I have ever had), and chicken cooked on the grill fresh to order. A half a chicken and 2 sides is only $9!  Our table tried a little bit of everything and all of us were extremely happy. Every single thing was fresh and above par. The only thing I didn't get this visit was one of the rare juices. I think I will try the fresh sugar cane with lime next time.  The service was better than average. The lady behind the counter helped me with all the food that I had no clue how to pronounce and also answered my questions in detail. The chef was walking around the entire time making sure things were clean, and patrons were happy.  This place deserves to be on the top 20 MUST TRY in Vegas spots! Without question!
Next time I'm in Vega I'll certainly be stopping here again. I was in my hotel room searching for a cure to my hunger pains when I ran across rave reviews for their pork butt arepa. I dragged my friend here so I could try it out, she ended up trying to the chicken. I was so greedy I had to try 2.   The pork butt and the chicken/mayo/avocado arepa were on my list to try. The pork butt hands down was my favorite. The other was very fresh and creamy a very good just not what I wanted after scarfing down the delicious pork arepa.   The service was also great. The guy running the register took his time to answer all my questions and even make recommendations as to the best sellers. I'll be looking for an imitation in LA to hold me over until I return.
love it. love it love it.
My heart sank down as it dawned on me that you are 6 hours away.. I miss you. You fry your plantains to perfection and I want more. For breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Your Reina Pepiada (chicken/mayo/avocado/and that cilantro dressing - add their house-made salsa on top) was heartwarming. The vegetarian arepa was just as delicious.. I freakin' ate it for breakfast with your house made cappuccino for Pete's sake. Even the bean and cheese empanada was amazing!   Okay, seriously though - from chatting with the guys that worked the late shift on Saturday I found out that this was a small food truck that proved its cute self to be delicious. Since it was that fantastic they were able to move into a place at the end of a little strip mall on the old Las Vegas strip... What more do you need? I will be back for you Viva Las Arepas, don't miss your Utahn fan too much ;)
I finally got to try this place! I know of it's rave Yelp reviews and was excited to try it when I saw it offering a certificate on restaurant.com. I put the address without the suite # and was routed to the wrong place by Maps, but the Yelp app saved the day. It's next to a gelato shop & some trashy club wear place. Very sketchy with a couple homeless people, including a man in a wheelchair offering my husband $1 for 2 cigaettes. Unfortunately, my husband had to tell him it was a vape and not a cigarette.   The restaurant itself was very clean and happy with its yellow walls. The employees were all very helpful. We ordered quite a bit of items and there were no problems accepting our certificate. We sat and the owner brought our order out to us directly.   We had: Wood fire beef with cheese: 5 stars. This was our favorite! Very flavorful beef with stringy cheese, tomato, and lettuce.   Pulled pork with cheese: 4 stars. Juicy pulled pork that tasted smokey and tender. My issue with the arepas that I received was that not all the shell things were toasted equally. Some were crispy and would hold up and be buttery deliciousness. Others were more soft, but ended up becoming soggy and tasting like a mushy corn texture.   Reina pepiada: 4 stars. It is an avocado chicken salad. It was yummy although missing some texture.  Garlic shrimp: 2 stars. This was my least favorite by far. The arepa for this one seemed very corn mealy? It wasn't toasted very much and got soggy quick. The shrimp are tiny little guys that you'd probably find at red lobster in their pasta. Also, pretty bland.   Grilled chicken empanada: 2 stars. I've had empanadas made by my friends from Argentina, and it's all about the shell thing. This one was super thick! It was like eating an arepa with only a little bit of filling. Just way too carby for me. The grilled chicken in it was yummy though! I'd like to try it in an arepa next time.   Fried plantains: 3 stars. Not my cup of tea. Kind of slimy in texture. If they were fried in oil, I couldn't tell because there was no crisp, but because they are called fried plantains, I will assume they were doused in oil, which make it not worth the calories.   Guava & cheese thing: 4 stars. Way better shell than the empanada and yummy guava with cheese. I wish the cheese was more melted but when I bit into it, it still looked like a solid block.   Overall, I would stop by again if I'm in the neighborhood. Perhaps I'd ask for the arepa extra toasted just to make sure there aren't any soggy ones. I definitely want to try to the grilled chicken. I appreciate this small business and the love the put into their food. I fortunately, there were just some issues I couldn't overlook. Until next time!
Pork butt Arepas was delicious!! Plus the sauce in the bottles that they provided goes very good with it. Been to Vegas many time, but never knew about this place. It I nice to come to Vegas and be able to find great tasting food off the strip.   Place is clean and staffs are friendly. I would definitely come back the next time I'm in Vegas.
Great food at inexpensive prices...one of the best ways to fill up for under $10!  I've tried quite a bit of goodies here, but I will talk about my favorites!  Wood Fired Beef Arepas ($5). Love the smokey flavor in the meat...it's delicious! I think their wood fired chicken and beef are my favorites here...chicken is a dollar cheaper.  Chicharron and Yuca Frita ($5.99). Delicious! Well done fried pork, with very flavorful fried yuca...imagine a very flavorful starchy french fry! Yummy   And the Reina Pepiada ($5): Chicken Breast, Avocado, Mayo and Cilantro.  This is delicious and works so well together.  I love pouring their hot sauce all over this beast!  And I ALWAYS finish up with Art of Flavors next door for dessert!  Even if you can't eat fresh homemade gelato, order a Spiced Hot Cocoa and you WILL thank me later :P  I will be back...many more times!  Pics :
Wow. Thank you Yelp reviews! I can't remember the last time I was this satisfied by cilantro and avocado. The Reina. Yes. Do it. The staff. Yes. Adorable. Welcoming. Great kitchen staff. Food was fast especially when I was just waking up on my day off, thy welcomed my pup on the patio and gave lots of extra sauces without me having to beg or pay. Next on the agenda, the pork butt. Do it. Enjoy yourself. Totally affordable, 4-6 bucks an arepa (fills you up), cheap cans of pop, horchata, $2.50 apps and huge sides. Great location near those of us locals in the art district and great for those drunk tourists on the north end of the strip. Park behind the building on casino center if you don't want to loop around the one ways. Really. Do it.
This was by far the cheapest and the BEST thing I ate over 4 days in Vegas -- even better than dinner at Bouchon. The people working were incredibly helpful and nice, the restaurant was clean, and the food came quickly. I will definitely head back here the next time I'm in Vegas.
No. No.... And no. No to the chicken arepa that is served cold, like a chicken salad full of mayo shoved inside two English muffin-esque buns. I made a very bad choice with that one.  Tried the plain cheese arepa as well. Meh. Seriously, it's English muffins stuffed with things! Sorry. I can't get on the band wagon of Yelpers that love this place.  Restaurant itself is clean and tidy. Service is great!   Food is obviously not my cup of tea. My friend had the beef arepa. I wish I had gotten that one... Hummmpphh.  Prices are kind of high IMO. Maybe I'll try it again. Time will tell.
Everything here is great!  The arepas are amazing...especially with the spicy sauce or cilantro mayo which come in squirt bottles so you can add as much or as little as you'd like.  If you haven't had an arepa before... it's a small fried dough pocket stuffed with your favorite filling...and the filings here are spectacular!    My personal favorites are the pork or the shredded chicken with cilantro mayo.  So delicious!  The wood fired chicken is also amazing here. So much flavor in both the meat and the skin.  I like to have mine accompanied with fried yucca and plantains.    Stop by for a quick, delicious, cheap lunch!  Any time I'm north strip...viva las arepas is always a consideration!
This is one of my favorite places in Las Vegas to eat! The food here is AMAZING and it's a real hidden gem of Las Vegas. All of their foods from their empanadas to their arepas and even their wood fire chicken is spectacular. Their food is all full of flavor and every time I eat here it's a treat. Their prices are very good and the service is always wonderful. I've been eating here since they were a tiny sandwich shop with outdoor seating and now they are a full sit-down restaurant up the street. I look forward to eating here every time I go and I always tell friends about the place too.
A regular haunt of Friday-nite Aruba Swings patrons a few doors down, Viva Las Arepas fueled dancers needs for good food and energy. Having been both to their old shack location, and their now storefront location, their arepas are wonderfully delicious and filling. The guy at the counter always laughed at (with) me when I ordered since I can't pronounce it right, but I get the veggie arepa and the cold arepa with chicken and avocado. The wait isn't long, and they make it when you order it. Better than fast food! Try their mango and passionfruit drinks too!
We went to this place because of the high review.  Ordered the pork butt Arepas and the Shrimp garlic Arepas. Also some plantains.  Also one of those lemonade drink.  I have to say the pork butt one is better. Shrimp garlic one is actually served cold. I was quite surprised. Food is a bit on the salty side. Again, I don't think the food is excellent.  Plantains are good. Lemonade, however, is not that great.  Another thing to keep in mind is that this is in the ghetto neighborhood of Vegas.  We went there for lunch and felt a bit off when we got there.  And we had to leave quickly after some weirdo came into the restaurant, sat across my wife and kept on staring at her.
Fancy street meat. I love street meat. This was my first experience with an arepa, so I let the gentleman taking my order, order for me. He suggested the garlic shrimp arepa ($6) and cheese empanada ($2) and shredded beef empanada($2.50) and I had him throw in an order of yucca fries. I had a ton of food for mere $15. The arepa and yucca fries were my favorite items. Oh, and you have to wash all of this goodness down with soursop.
. Had the chicken arepa and beef empanada. Both were hot and very tasty. The sauce in the yellow bottle was the kicker for me. Looking forward to my next visit.
Really clean and inviting atmosphere, service was nice and happy to answer questions and offer good suggestions. We got a few of the arepas, wood fire chicken, shredded beef, reina pepiada. all of the arepas were great, want to try more next time. Had chicken and beef empanadas. we enjoyed all of the food we ordered, really filling. Can't wait to go back again and try more of the arepas.
A group of friends and I stopped by here after a long road trip. Suffice it to say, we were starving. We each ended up getting the chicken arepas, not being too adventurous as that is the #1 slot on their menu. I thought it was pretty tasty, although the meat was quite dry (confirmed by my friends as well). Prompt, nice service. Will have to try something else next time around!
Great prices and good food. Arepas can be tough to find! I've only had better in nyc so I'm happy this is in Vegas!  I even had some trouble finding it in LA. The area and surroundings seem a little sketchy but they keep in clean and well organized inside.   Their arepas are small but filling. It's great when they keep it simple.
I never had Venezualian food before but I enjoy a food adventure.  The arepas are a real treat.  I split 3 different ones with my friend and loved them all.  The woodfired beef and chicken had a slightly smoky flavor that complemented the arepas.  The sauces add more latin flavor.  I definitely will return!
Do yourself a favor and order the Reina Pepiada.   We came in on a Sunday before noon and the place was quiet. The staff took considerable time explaining the dishes including making recommendations regarding adding cheese or avocado. I found them both cheerful and helpful.  We tried the following... Arepas: Chicken Pork Reina Pepiada  Empanada: Guava (and mozzarella)  Drink: Soursop
I always stop here whenever im in Vegas, its a MUST. However, ever since they moved into their restaurant across from their old location, I feel as if the quality in the food has gone down somewhat.
If you've never had an (Venezuelan) Arepa give it a shot.  It's kinda like a taco in a split open pita.  They have a free parking lot (bonus) !
Pound for pound one of the greatest spots in all of Vegas. In the hallway that runs beside the kitchen is stacked wood that they use to grill the chicken, and when you taste the chicken you are instantly knocked out by that amazing smokey flavor. It's a marvel of simple, perfect, pure flavor. The arepas themselves are equally great, especially the pork and chicken (IMHO). Be careful though. You will think you need to order two or three because they are so cheap, but you won't be able to finish even a second. They are STUFFED with ingredients, and the masa-based dough is mighty heavy. These are gut bombs of the highest order. You'll be hard pressed to find a greater value anywhere. Food this impeccable should not be this cheap.
Awesome, original,great flavors!  Empanadas were amazing and prices were great! We were looking for a new adventure and hadn't tried the Venezuelan twist on food so we took this place for a spin!   AWESOME!!! Then as we were leaving  we stopped in the ART of Flavor gelato store a door or two down and had the most amazing Gelato store I have found since I visited Italy!   Two thumbs up!!!
Wow!  Something new to myself, never tried anything quite like this and I'm glad I had! This place has grew over the years to this new massive location and I can see why, Viva las Arepas is consistently busy! Must be the lovely little handheld Arepa that keep attracting this crowd of gastro daredevils.  Looking at the huge menu it's hard to decide from all the tasty choices, and simple ask of what's popular to the cashier will leave you satisfied. By recommendation I got the wood-fired shredded beef arepa(with cheese *A must!*) and a shredded beef empanada while my guest decided to go for the chicken breast with avocado and cilantro arepa. Omg these savory little corn meal sandwiches are awesome! It has deep flavors that keep you wanting more, everything taste so fresh and homemade not any of that frozen precooked junk that gets passed off on the daily from something so widely known. They also have one of the best hot sauces that I've tasted in Vegas, the suttle spice and richness of the sauce reminded me of La Vic's orange sauce for all you Bay Area folk, and a creamy cilantro sauce to cut the spice if it's not for you!  I will definitely be back here, although for the actual size it could be kinda pricey $4-6 depending on filling and +.50-1.00 for avocado and cheese. Empanadas was $3 for a decent size, they usually have some sort of special going on just pay attention to the small signs near the register! Viva!
Cost: $11  Finally decided to give the most reviewed place on Yelp in the neighbourhood a try.  Wasn't disappointed.  The Arepa was delicious (but only after adding the spicy sauce).  The empanada was a bit too thickly coated in flour for my taste, so I'd say it was okay.   Definitely recommended.
Would you believe I keep wanting to get here and yet keep missing it?  I finally found where it was but had just eaten so we will have to wait till next time
Reina Pepiada is my favorite arepa!  Moist and delicious.  Not expensive, very filling!   I would pass on their empanada.
Great find! Had the beef arepa, was pretty good, I also had the chicken salad one, wasn't great.. but what I really loved was there grilled chicken with rice and beans.. delicious!! I have to try the empanada next time, they looked great!
My review will strictly be on what I ordered:  Reina Pepiada - LOVED this.  This is my usual because there is something satisfying about a cold and flavorful filling with a warm corn flatbread straight from the griddle.  Imagine a chicken salad but creamy and rich with avocado and well-seasoned chicken.  Shredded Beef - Yum! The beef was flavorful and extremely tender.  Not one tough strand of beef =D  Cachapa - Enjoyed this, however I wish they used a different cheese other than mozzarella.  The sweetness of the corn is SO ADDICTING!  OVERALL:  Great spot down the strip if you aren't looking to spend $$$$ for a great and super filling meal.  Like I always say, YOU WON'T KNOW UNLESS YOU TRY IT FOR YOURSELF!
I did some wondering around after having some gelato from Art of Flavors and noticed Viva Las Arepas right next door. It was spacious but there weren't a lot of people inside. The menu seemed like there was a lot of going on, don't know when I'll be back again and had to get it right, so I had to rely on the Yelp app to see what everyone was getting.   The Reina Pepiada was mentioned pretty frequently.  I wasn't sure if it was something I should eat or someone I should meet. It was an arepas filled with a mixture of chicken breast, avocado, mayo and cilantro. It wasn't that big and didn't taste that amazing on it's own. It was too much avocado and mayo and not enough chicken for me but it was only about $5 and it was enjoyable after dumping whatever sauces were inside of the red and yellow containers.    They did lack customer service. I explained that this was my first time here and if they had any recommendations or customer favorites. They could not help me with that and seemed rude about it, even went back to whatever they were doing before I asked for a menu, sat in the corner, and brought out the Yelp app. I didn't feel as welcomed as Art of Flavors felt like I should go back there. Customer service is big for me, it's not that hard to be friendly, courteous, and give your attention to paying customers.  The rest of their food do sound and look good, from the reviews and pictures posted, and I'm sure they're well deserving of the 2 star I gave them but since the food from what I had was just OK and the service wasn't to my liking there is no way I can give them a 3 star, OK, to something I was not OK with. Another visit will happen but not anytime soon.
Especially clean place. Price is fair. Service was above average. Conveniently located a short walk away from the stratosphere hotel. The food is incredibly unique, yet the portions are very small. My father and I had each an arepas, as he said, "a burrito in a corn pancake".
Another great lunch date with fellow Yelper Dyanna L. This time we brought the men, her boyfriend Brent and his son and my husband Joel!   Viva Las Arepas is a nice cafe with indoor and outdoor seating. Excellent service and a large menu. Today I broke my low carb diet and had the Wood Fire Chicken with cheese Arepa and a side of black beans. Yummy! I loved the bread/ masa that the tasty chicken comes in. Totally full of flavor. The smell when you walk in is exactly what the food tastes like. My husband ordered the Reina Pepiada which has chicken breast, avocado, mayo and cilantro and he added cheese. It was kind of a chicken salad. All the flavors melded well together. The black beans were ok, but i'll be trying the side salad next time. Dyanna got the same as me, but with plantain chips. Her boyfriend got the Pork Spare Ribs with a yummy looking side salad and a Shredded Beef Empanada and shared with all of us some of his excellent chicken wings. The spice on them as just right! His son ordered the chicken wings too! I think i'll be getting those and a side salad next time! Mmmmm I want to go back right now!  Viva Las Arepas are full of flavor in every dish! You can't really go wrong with anything you pick. I'll be driving here from Henderson often! Thanks Dyanna and Brent for another great suggestion and another awesome lunch date!
I don't know why yelp isn't updated but this place moved from a stand to a shop and the prices went way way up. Everything is from $6 and up including tax! That's double the prices the pictures are saying so you've been warned!   When you double your prices you got to do something different. Bigger sandwiches, something. These arepas are very good and a nice change from the usual Mexican food in LA, but it's not a good value. I would be perfectly happy paying $3, not the $6 I paid. The bread was clearly made fresh and it was good. The beef was very well seasoned. Unfortunately I wasn't satisfied. I would have been fine buying two for $6 but not 2 for $12. To be full you need 2 which makes the cost of these ridiculous!   No wonder why this very highly rated place had nobody in it. It seems as if they've passed on their added costs to the customers but that price hike scared everyone away. Amazing food or not I will not be back!!
This food was disgusting! I would rather have eaten at MCDONALDS!  Bad combination of ingredients! I have no idea why this place has 4.5 stars!
THANK YOU YELP!!! Who wants Venezuelan fooooood?!! ME!!! We went in hungry and came out stuffed. Everything was delicious.  Chicken Empanadas: soft, crunchy corn shell with tasty tasty shredded chicken filling. A MUST GET!  Garlic Shrimp Arepa : If u LOVE shrimp, get it. There's a whole lot of succulent shrimps waiting to be eaten! They shrimp smell is quite overwhelming. It wld be good with lemon. I just doused it in the red sauce!   Wood fire grill chicken arepa : SOOOOOO GOOOOOOOD!
This place is sooooo good! If you ask, they will make you a vegan arepa. Every time it get some to go they always put something extra in my order for example the fried plantains. You cannot go wrong with anything here. Yum.
I have been meaning to try this arepas spot for a while now and finally got a chance last weekend. We came during lunch and the place wasn't busy at all. We only tried arepas, but their menu is extensive and there are so many different menu items to choose from, I look forward to trying empanadas as well during my next visit.   The texture was great and I loved the flavor combinations. The salsas were really great and spicy to boot. I was hoping they would be a little cheaper, but I didn't feel like they were too expensive, just more than I was expecting.   I look forward to coming back again really soon.
Still a total 5 stars in my book! Went back recently and had the pork spare ribs with 2 sides only $8.99! It was fall off the bone good. They give u 4 huge ribs. You barely have to bite the meat just falls off and is so tasty. The wood smoked flavor is excellent. As my sides I got a salad and black beans. I loved the salad. The house dressing was tangy and filled with cilantro flavor. I can't wait to go back and have the ribs again and of course try other items off their menu.
I have waited way too long to dine here! I heard about the good eats of Viva Las Arepas since before their brick and mortar location. However, like most good things, it's a trek from home and it's not in the most desirable areas of the valley. After finally making my way to its well-known gelato neighbor (Art of Flavors), I knew I had to come back ASAP.  The arepas are phenomenal. The flatbread/tortilla made from ground maize dough is grilled and then stuffed with delicious fillings. The flatbread itself is great with a tasty crunch exterior and soft interior. Also, they are not shy with the amount of stuff that's put into your arepa! It is very filling! We tried three types and enjoyed all of it.  Camarones al Ajillo or Garlic Shrimp Arepa ($7) can be ordered cold or hot - we went with hot - and it is SO good. The hot and pungent (but not overpowering) garlic and herbs with the fresh, plump shrimp is outstanding!  Carne a la Brasa or Wood Fired Beef Arepa ($5.50) is served hot with lettuce, tomatoes, and onions. Excellent flavor from the beef's cooking process and I love the accompanying fresh vegetables. The hot fillings are definitely my favorite!  Reina Pepiada Arepa ($5.50) is served cold with shredded chicken, mayonnaise, avocado, and cilantro. The Venezuelan version of a chicken salad. Really good stuff. Not my favorite arepa, but I can't ignore this Venezuelan staple.  We also tried the Pollo Mechada or Shredded Chicken Empanada ($2.75) made with corn flour. Very decent price for the size and it was exploding with flavor - the juices were literally oozing all over us.  Oh, and those sauces they give you?! So good!! The yellow (mustard) bottle has a mild creamy herb sauce - possibly cilantro - and the red (ketchup) bottle has a spicy sauce with an orange hue. Not sure what they are, but after tasting all our selections in their natural goodness, we put both sauces on EVERYTHING.  Parking is very limited, but keep in mind that this is part of Downtown and you may need to park nearby and walk. It's worth it! Oh, and it gets really messy, so be prepared.  Edit (01/26/14): I tried the Fried Yucca ($2.99), Chicken Wings with Spicy Sauce (Special; $5), and Pernil or Roasted Pork Butt Arepa ($4.50). I'm a fan of yucca and I was disappointed with this dish. It was dry, overcooked, and flavorless. And the sad serving for $3 pushed it over the top. Your money is better spent on the empanadas! The chicken wings were good and the "spicy sauce" had nice flavor (Warning: it is very spicy!). Not something I would order again though. The marinated, slow-cooked pork butt was really delicious and went well with the tomato; another home run for their arepas.
Party in my mouth is all I can say. This place was delicious. I had the reina papiada and it was the best choice I ever made. The delicious picante really made the flat bread. I'm in love and will be returning.
I was born and raised in Caracas, Venezuela. I have lived in the states for over 20 years now and grew up eating Venezuelan Foods every day. Its been a few years since I have been able to go to Venezuela So when I hear of a Venezuelan Restaurant I always jump at the opportunity to try it.   I went to Vegas to visit my best friend who lives there and she took me here. I cried when I saw the Frescolita on the menu... no joke.... tears in my eyes... I LOVE Frescolita! I grew up on that!!   Their Arepas are great, their Pabellon was also great! Their Platanos are AMAZING and of course..... Frescolita. The only thing missing is the Candy - Pingpong, Pirullin, Ovolmantina.   The Cachapa was amazing! So good!! I wish they had Cachitos- but you cant win them all!   Really Truly Great Venezuelan food- From a Venezuelan......  Quick mention too: GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE. Read a couple of reviews on here about bad customer service. People can be WAY to picky! They say hello, they take your order, they bring it to you and they thank you. What more do you need? Didnt realize people needed their hand held to order food....
um, this place doesn't even need my review. i don't know why i'm bothering. probably because it's THAT DAMN GOOD.  there was one week i went 4 times. i think i ordered the cachapas every time. the pericos are good, too. the dude who works the counter and i are pals now. i got a cheese empanada today, and i don't want to get too graphic here, but maaaan... i will definitely be cheating on the cachapas with the empanada in my dreams tonight...  i wish this place wasn't a 3-4 minute bicycle ride from my house. but at least i get a little bit of exercise before i clog my arteries? ;)  THANK YOU FOR EXISTING!  many hearts from your #1 fan, Maegan
I can't wait to go back! I come up with reasons to go down there just so I can hit up this place. I didn't even know what an arepa was but my friend told me about this place and said I had to try it.  As soon as I walked in I could smell the woods smoking all those delicious meats, I was like a kid in a candy store! I wanted to try everything but I definitely didn't know where to start. Thank goodness for all the tasty looking pictures on the walls. The staff was very helpful and super patient with me. I've never had Venezuela food before, I can't wait to try more!   For my first visit, I figured it would be best to pick a column and work my way down so I went for the #1 Wood Fired Beef, my niece got the #8 Garlic Shrimp, and my Sister got a #12 Cachapa. They were all amazing! The cilantro mayo and the hot sauce mixed are killer. I also tried the soursop drink and it was so good, it tasted like strawberry, watermelon, kiwi, and passion fruit had a delicious baby juice in my cup.  I can't wait to go back and add more to this amazing experience. For now, I'm heading next door to the Art of Flavors for dessert.
Great food!  First time trying arepas and was very satisfied. I ordered the #5 Pernil (roasted pork butt)and it was great!! Taste just like grandma would have made them... if I was Venezuelan of course. I also ordered a coconut & cheese Pastelito. Very good too.
Love this place. Colorful busy little place with great Venzuluan food. Newly opened, this place will be a hit. Can't wait to get back there. Try their pork butt with rice and black beans.
I loved this place and can't wait to go back! I recommend the wood fired chicken arepa
Fantastic little place for a taste of Venezuela! I had been a frequent flyer at their stand just down the street and love what they have done with the new restaurant. The menu has expanded but includes all of the old favorites. Definitely try the Arepas with wood fired beef as well as the roasted pork butt. Chicken is also a good standby. My wife is a fan of the bean and cheese empanadas. You can't go wrong ordering anything from their menu. The servings are a good size with plenty of meat, but the star of the show is the Arepa shell. Made from cornmeal, the shell is cooked crisp and cut open for stuffing. They are crunchy on the outside and very tender on the inside. Delish! All items are served with a cilantro sauce and a spicy sauce for those who like a little heat.
Came across Viva Arepas, 2 years ago, while it was still in its previous address - a shack about half a block up from their current location.  Viva Arepas is a Venezuelan restaurant that specializes in Authentic Venezuelan food. The Arepas are phenomenal!! They are small "sandwiches" filled with choices like: shredded beef with peppers and onions, garlic shrimp, bean and cheese - to name e a few choice. They also have wood fired chicken that comes with a choice of sides.  The drinks are also authentic to Venezuela - all being natural and refreshing.
Go, just go. Nothing I write will do their arepas justice. Make sure you hit up the gelato next door when you are done. You're welcome.
I've been here twice. The first time I got their special, it was wood-fired chicken thighs with rice with vegetables and black beans. I know their namesake is arepas but I think their wood-fire chicken steals the show. It was so delicious, moist, and tender, with that perfect kiss of fire. And the rice with vegetables and black beans were some of the best I ever had. Best part was the meal fed me for two days and it was around $6-7.   I came here last night and had their namesake, the arepas. Arepas are dense muffins(?) made out of cornmeal, then cooked over an open fire. It was okay, it is really dense and  bland. You can't compare it to a tortilla or bread. It's just different, so my palate may have been confused. It wasn't awful, but it wasn't great.   We got the Wood-fire Beef Arepa and the Reina Pepiada Arepa (shredded chicken, cilantro, avocado, mayo and peas). They were okay. The meat inside the beef arepa was delicious. I think the flame-broiled meat dishes are the star of the show. It was flavorful and had that wonderful flame-kissed flavor.   The Reina Pepiada Arepa was similar to a chicken salad stuffed into an arepa. Pass. It wasn't bad, it just wasn't that good.   My favorite dish of the night was the Yucca Fritas, deep-fried yucca root. They are fat sticks of carby awesomeness. Pour their cilantro-garlic sauce on it and it is heaven!   In conclusion, I'd stick with their wood-fire beef and chicken and pass on the arepas. But be sure to order sides of their rice, beans and yucca fritas. Make sure to get plenty of their cilantro-garlic sauce and their habanero(?) hot sauce.
In the past, it was always one and done with my gelato fix, but today, I finally made time to complete the Desert Companion's "Best Foodie One-Two Punch" of 2014: Viva Las Arepas followed by Art of Flavors.  I'm glad I tried this place. I went for the pork butt arepa ($4.50) and shredded beef arepa ($5.00), making the cheese upgrade ($0.50) for both. Fried corn filled with a decent quantity of meat is already a recipe for success, and you can add the cilantro sauce (in the yellow or one of the clear bottles) or the spicier red sauce that I sampled a bit of. I think the shredded beef actually had more flavor than the pork butt, but that means the pork butt is a better vehicle for the sauces.  I also sampled my friend's fried plantain, which was about as mushy and brown as you'd expect if you just fried a plantain (or banana) on your own at home. Not very sweet at all, so it's rightfully listed as a side and not a dessert.  The prices could be better given the relatively small portion sizes - I wasn't too full afterward - and the arepas do lack just a bit of the extra oomph that would take it to the next level. However, I could see myself coming back here for future "one-two punch" trips. Give it a try at least once if you're an arepa virgin like I was.  P.S. Art of Flavors was solid, as usual.
Finally got a chance to try this place for a gigantic dinner. Recently visited Goodwich and Art of Flavors in the same plaza, and knew it wouldn't be long til I'd be downing arepas, too...  Scouted out the menu online, cross referencing it with reviews here, and ultimately decided on the #1: shredded beef and the #7: reina pepiada, plus a side of fried yucca. Total came to just over $15, which was a bit pricey IMO.  The arepas were unique and tasty, but fell a little short of my expectations. The shredded beef was a little on the dry side, but I perked it up with a bunch of the creamy cilantro sauce- that stuff is the bomb dot com. The reina pepiada arepa was tasty too, but the flavor simply got boring after a few bites.  Luckily, the yucca was there to save the day: crispy and chewy and garlicky, it's everything yucca is supposed to be! The $3 price tag was a bit steep for the 12 bits that I got, most of which were half-pieces. Would I get them again though? Resounding yes.  Service was okay: minimal but friendly, brought out my take out to me at a table and took my order efficiently. Decor in the restaurant is fairly typical for a taqueria, but with the added touch of local artwork on the right hand wall as you walk in, all available for purchase. Though the pieces were good and added to the ambiance of the restaurant itself, I'm again taken by the sticker shock- the two paintings closest to me were $110 and $380. For folks advertising inside of a restaurant, that seems a bit unrealistic, but what do I know.  Might come back and try a few different flavors, seems like the BF and I could share three- they look deceptively small but they're very filling. But I'll definitely be adding on the yucca.  Side note: though a lot of other reviews mention the lengua arepas, and they look AMAZING, they no longer carry lengua here. So sad about that! :(
I've never had an Arepa before but heard lots of good things about this place so we had to try it! After scanning reviews and the menu we settled on the Garlic Shrimp (hot), Wood Fired Beef, and a couple of Tequenos (fried cheese sticks). I feel the food was pricey for the quantity. I liked the cheese sticks, but Doug thought they tasted too sweet. The Garlic Shrimp was ok (Like shrimp scampi on a maize bun) the shrimp was a little mushy and after a few bites was over it. The beef was ok too, just not a lot of flavor even with the sauces. I guess we just don't get the appeal. The service was good but... I would not go back. I rather save room for gelato.
Short Review: I'm a fan of Arepas. I'm just not a fan of the Arepas served at Viva Las Arepas.  I got their Beef Empanada and Beef Arepa.  Both were greasy and not worth the price. $5 for an Arepa the size of your fist??  I've had this place bookmarked. Now, bookmark checked! Time to move on.  Longer Review: Viva Las Arepas has been one of my bookmarks since I was introduced to their neighbor, the great Art of Flavors. Yes, Viva is located right next door in case you didn't know.  Upon entering, you're hit with nothing but orange and a menu with a decent selection.  At first, the prices looked pretty good until you get your food. I got the Beef Arepas and a Beef Empanada.  They both tasted "Just Ok" and were super oily. For a minute, I thought I was eating a beef chimichanga. Both were also so small that I was able to finish my Arepas in about 3 bites.  I know I can't mention names, but I have had better Arepas out here in Vegas. Better in regards to price, value, and most importantly, taste. All is not lost though.  Their plantains and the service were both excellent.  I may be back, but most likely for their plantains only.  See Ya' But not here...I'll be next door enjoying the best peanut butter gelato.
Awesome food. Really reasonable price. Will definitely do it again!
So delicious! Reasonably priced and everything tasted fresh. The owner was super nice and inviting :)
A little late hopping onto the Viva Las Arepas but at least I did! First time trying arepas and boy was I blown away. I would pick arepas over tortillas any day. I am a lover of anything doughy and the texture and thickness of the arepa was just perfect for me. Add in some deliciously seasoned pork butt and beef and you have a heavenly combo! My favorite would definitely have to be the pork butt. It was perfectly seasoned and the meat just melted in your mouth. They also have a house cilantro-garlic sauce which was a perfect pairing. In addition to the arepas that I got, I also got an order of the pork rinds and yucca root. Pork rinds were delicious but the fried yucca root was the star. They tasted just like French fries! except much better because the outside was super crunchy and the inside was flaky. Yum-O.   ONLY downfall is that it is located downtown (which I am not a big fan of). Overall, this place is definitely worth the drive.
Had the Reina Pepiada Aerepa and the Asada Arepa, the ingridients are fresh, the staff is friendly, I would definetly visit them again next time I'm in vegas
Everything is good here!  We ordered a variety of things to sample since we couldn't make up our minds and it was all very flavorful and tasty.  They give you two sauces,  a cilantro cream and a spicy mustard;  both are excellent.  It doesn't matter what you get here because I think you'll be like me and like it all but my favorites were the beef empanadas and the beef and rice pastelitos. Warning: this food is good and heavy so plan on a shot of espresso or a nap afterward! The place is clean with ample seating and the service is very good!
This place is awesome. I love the shredded pork and avocado chicken salad arepas. The 2 sauces they give you to put on everything work perfectly together and are awesome on everything.   I also love the shredded beef empanada and the beef pastelito.   It's off the beaten path from the strip (closer to downtown), but something different (and definitely much cheaper!) than your usual steak or buffet options.
The vegetarian arepas is delicious, I've had it twice now, without cheese. The gluten-free bread really makes the arepas. Its a good size for only $5.00. Service is a little slow, there's a bit of a wait after you order.  Not a bad environment to eat at. It's like a fast food lounge with a Venezuelan touch to it, there's a sweet little patio too.  I'll probably go back once or twice more while I'm here.
Not a bad place. I can only eat one thing on the menu but it's very good. The veggie arepas without cheese. It's good, have to have it on my "cheat days" they charge 50 cents for a cup of water... Find that annoying. It's just like a fast food place. Order at the counter & pick up your food when it's ready. I would come back for the arepas.
The staff was not helpful and the food was awful. The first time in a while that I have actually thrown away my meal after only eating a bite or two.
We only tried two items as snacks, but yummo!  We stopped in after First Friday because I had heard good things.  Upon arriving there were 6 cops dining on the patio.  A good sign!  Then I ordered a bean and cheese empanada and some coconut/cheese thing.  Who can resist anything coconut, but have never paired it with cheese, so for 2 bucks, I'll take one.  Each one came out piping hot.  And by piping hot, I mean I could not even eat them.  I am a pastry snob and the flavor of the fried dough on both was delish.  And did I mention that garlic sauce in the bottle.  Yum.  I have never had anything like it and can't wait to go back for a full meal.
We stopped for a quick bite before a meeting nearby. I had been meaning to try this place for a couple of years. Am sorry I waited so long!  I had the shredded pork arepa and it was totally awesome,  juicy and very tasty. My friend had the wood fired beef and and she enjoyed that. Definitely plan on going back.
Best Latin American food in Vegas IMHO. I don't know what they put in that green sauce but I could drink it straight and die happy.
It's a shame, but after each visit, I've become less and less impressed. My first visit was phenomenal and my second visit was still pretty great (as evidenced in my previous review). The Wood-Fired Beef was a bit dry during my third visit, but I brushed it aside attributing it to a fluke or bad timing. However, my last visit has solidified my disappointment and necessity to write an updated review.  Since I've had five of their arepa options, I decided it was time for another one, so I chose the Vegetarian (avocado, black beans, tomato, peppers, onion) for $5. I was confused at first because all I saw were black beans with a little bit of avocado barely surfacing (reference photo). Maybe they got my order wrong? I searched for vegetables through the beans with no success. It wasn't until I took a few bites that I finally located a very sad tomato piece. I figured that was just how they made the "Vegetarian" arepa. The beans were nicely seasoned, but their overwhelming quantity made it incredibly difficult to eat in an arepa. The arepa itself was delicious, as always. I was already disappointed by my selection because of the lack of vegetables, then I saw photos of what the Vegetarian Arepa should look like or have looked like and now I'm upset. It costs the same as or more than their meat options and they can't include a heap of vegetables? Not cool!  Also, after four visits, it doesn't seem like a coincidence that my table is consistently ignored. No one ever checks on us (it's usually me and Ruben), while they seem more than happy to visit and chat with several other customers. It has made us feel unwelcome. I'm really sad to say this, but I will be getting my arepas elsewhere from now on.
rib soup is amazing! mix grill is huge portion, enough for 3 I also love the fried yucca and plantain.
I went here on a Friday around 1:30 pm. I ordered the beef arepa and chicken empanada and waited 35 minutes for my food! Mind you there was no line!! They forgot to make my food!! I came to this place when they were just a little shack sitting on the corner about a year or so ago and absolutely loved the prices and food, so I figured I'd go there again for cheap eats and great customer service.. NOPE!!! On top of it all the prices have risen!! I guess they moved into a building and decided to raise the prices with the move.. I won't be going back here.. OH.. The food wasn't all that either!! I'm too done trying to find a good place to eat in vegas
Never had traditional Venezuelan food before but this hit the spot!  Can't go wrong with any of the arepas offered here!  If you're near the strip, make a stop here!
First time visit.. Clean establishment & restrooms were clean. Good impression so far. Along the wall you see pictures of their dishes which All look delicious. I ordered the reina & the boyfriend ordered the shredded beef Arepa & 2 black bean & cheese empanadas. They both were good but the shredded beef had more flavor and it was hot, the reina was more like chicken salad so it was cold. I didn't know. Had I not been biting into chicken bones with the reina, I would have given it 5 stars.    Will be coming back and ordering something else off the menu. Nice and tasty place!
I love this place! My favorite place to grab lunch downtown. I always get the vegetarian arepa, and sometimes the guava and cheese pastellito or fried yucca. Affordable and delicious. There's a bit of a lunch rush, but definitely worth the wait!
Having just spent 2 months in Venezuela eating arepas every day I can say that the flavors here are authentic and delicious.  The reina popiada is the bomb..you have to try it!!
I've come here a few times and I've stuck to a couple things, one being the Reina Pepiada - because it's so good! I'm not crazy about the usual cold chicken salad, but this is something else! It's simple with chicken mixed with avocado and some other stuff, and it's seasoned just right.
I ate here three times during my two day stay in Vegas. I haven't had great tasting arepas since I studies abroad in Venezuela seven years ago. The beef, chicken and jamon con queso arepas were solid. I will never visit Vegas again without eating a few meals here. I can't wait to go back!!!
My 5 stars says it all. Pictures others posted here did not tweek their photos. Their food whether you order soup, arepas, plantains, yucca, empinadas, etc...looks delicious and sure tastes delicious. You have got to try it!
This place has some wonderful food! The Arepas are filled with crispy pork and the sauces that comes with them are delicious! I love the spicy sauce, I think it may have habaneros in it, it burned my lips in a good way! Then I was cooled off with the avocado cream sauce. The chicken was beyond delicious. Don't forget to try the ribs, I mean fall off the bone. Oh, I almost forgot the plantains were like little sweets fried pockets. I love the cheese Empanadas and the Tequenos (fried cheese sticks) my daughter said next time we need a dozen. I will be back for sure!
I've eaten authentic Venezuelan food before and this place is not bad.  My last visit I ordered the Wood Fire Mix Grill (for two people), consisting of chicken, beef, pork ribs and sausage with two sides for $22.99.  The ribs (which are large spare ribs) and the chicken were excellent; the beef was a little dry and it had a little bit too much spice.  I guess it was a brisket but over spiced and too dry.  The sausage was flavorful but I didn't care for the texture of it.  My sides were the fried Yucca plant and rice with vegetables, which were decent.  I also had the plantains, which were excellent.  They do serve nice size portions and it's right near the Strip with parking.  Overall, I would try it again for the chicken and spare ribs.
I have eaten at this fine restaurant a number of times over the past 3 years, and visited again in late 2013. In the time since I was last here, back in October of 2012, they have moved from the small mobile/portable building in Dino's parking lot to their own storefront in the strip mall on the next block to the south, on the same side of Las Vegas Blvd. Their shop is the southernmost storefront in the small strip mall (yes, there is off-the-street parking in the strip mall).  The food here is amazing. The selection of Venezualan food, and the quality, is simply great! Their new shop is brightly lit and colorfully decorated, and the food is just as good as it was when they were in their old location just north of here.  I particularly love their arepas, but then again I am an admited arepa addict.  The service is also very good; the staff is uniformly friendly and helpful. The prices are very reasonable, and the portion sizes are very generous. I can only assume that when various organized religions talk about the possibility of going to heaven after one dies, that they must be talking about going to this restaurant on a permanent basis, for there is nothing finer on earth!  It is no wonder that this restaurant has won several local awards for best of class/type, including the Best of Las Vegas (aka Best of Vegas) award for the Latin restaurant category!   Whenever I am in Las Vegas, I always visit this fine restaurant 2 or 3 times per week and stock up on arepas to stuff into the fridge in my hotel room!
I'm obsessed with this place, it's super good and the staff is very friendly! The Reina Pepiada is my fav!
Great food and customer service!  We went for a late lunch on Sunday.  It was busy but there were plenty of available seats.  I ordered a beef and a Reina Pepiada arepa!  The Reina Pepiada was filled with a delicious cold chicken salad with a cilantro mayo dressing. The arepa was hot with a slightly crunchy crust - I devoured it.  The arepas were served with two bottles of sauce, one creamy cilantro and a super hot, make you sweat, sauce.  Luckily, I had a delicious Passion Fruit juice! And to the service - bravo!  The man behind the counter noticed me looking around (at my table) and asked me if I needed anything.  They promptly brought a fork to my table!  I was too full for the beef arepa so they packaged it to go - with two small sauces.  I have used that spicy sauce for two meals - YUMMY!  Can't wait to go back for the food and excellent friendly service!
If you've never had Arepas this is the place to go! Staff was informative about everything on the menu and even suggested the best side to order. Great food, definitely didn't disappoint.
So, our buddy Drew picks us up from our hotel to hang out for the day. "What would you guys like to eat?" he asks. We were somewhere between zombified and comatose due to lack of sleep and too much booze still pumping through our blood streams. Between the three of us visitors all we could manage was some kind of grunt, "Grughhh". Fed up with our antics, Drew took charge and brought us here.....and I still thank him. I ordered the Reina Pepiada: Chicken, Avocado, Mayo and Cilantro. So Damn Good! I was lucky enough to have ordered a Coke because I kept trying to drown my Arepa in their delicious yet very spicy hot sauce. Careful, it catches up to you.  I will now be searching my hometown or counting the days till I can make it back to Vegas to have another round at Viva Las Arepas.
Bomb as hell!!!!!! So good I want to marry the yucca fries, the arepas... and so much more.
Amazingly delicious! I always order #7 reina pepiada and it never fails in fulfilling my arepa cravings! Make sure you try that green sauce with it. I live about 20 minutes away but it is well worth the trip everytime. Just wish there was a another location closer to me.
If I wasn't sitting shotgun to a Vegas local, I would have never made it to Viva Las Arepas... bonus points for a punny and city-appropriate name. Seeing that it's far removed in all directions from the "action," and the fact that I have never had an arepa before would have made it next to impossible for me to find it or even want to go there. Props to my buddy for carting us around and opening my eyes to something new and incredibly awesome. Thank, Drew-fus.  The place is clean, there are pictures lining the wall, the menus are in both Spanish and English, (great sign), and ordering is a simple as strolling up to the counter and taking a chance - something tells me that it's hard to go wrong here. I ordered the hot garlic shrimp arepa and the grilled chicken empenada. If you have never had an arepa, I really don't know how to describe it. I guess it's like a crumbly corn bun with your choice of filling piled up in the middle. Does that sound right or even make sense? Who cares, they're delicious! So great in fact that I've now tracked down a few places in SD serving arepas that I can only hope compare to what VLA is serving up in Sin City. Oh yeah, the empenada gets some love too. The grilled chicken that they loaded up in that bad boy with a drizzle of their house sauces made for a perfect and timely hangover cure.
More food than you can eat.  The ribs are melt in your mouth and tasty.  The bottled sauces bring a welcome new flavor.  I will be back with friends.
I absolutely LOVE this place. I have been here several times after reading about it in las vegas weekly. the food is to perfection everytime! the prices are amazing for this type of quality of food. i LOVEEEE the sauce that they serve on the side of the arepas. they are to die for.
This place is a real GEM!  Super authentic Venezuelan/Colombian arepas and empanadas.   Very reasonable priced.    I had lunch AND dinner there yesterday.  I will be returning now very time I'm in town.   WE NEED VIVA LAS AREPAS IN LOS ANGELES, PLEASE!!
I love Viva Arepas. I have been a fan of their food since they were at the small walk up joint in front of Dino's. Just had a chicken arepa with fried plantains. Yummy. Two small complaints... my guest had the shrimp arepa and it was overcooked & mushy (I don't eat shrimp but she is a foodie like me so I trust her judgment). And the last time I ordered a full chicken, it took longer than expected (but they had just opened the full restaurant & it may have been a matter of soft opening timing). But other than these minor items, this place is AWESOME!
I knew the next time I went to visit Art of Flavors I would be eating dinner here first. So tonight was the night!! A date night with myself!   I wasn't really sure what Arepas were but I'm up for an adventure. I briefly read up a bit on what to expect and went with the flow when I got there. Trying to recover from the Smashburger hangover from the night before and still thinking about that Black Bean Burger, I got the Vegetarian Arepa and a side of Rice with Veggies.   So I found out that an Arepa is like a cornmeal English muffin crossed with taco like fillings. In my Vegetarian Arepa was Black Beans, Onions, Tomato and Avocado. So good! At $5 it was a pretty good "sandwich". Leave it in the wrapper it comes in it will help save you from losing all the insides. The Rice and Veggies were good and a decent size portion but for $2.99 for white rice and canned mixed veggies, I filled up enough with just my Arepa.   This was a counter service restaurant. You order at the counter, you pick up your food at the counter and your put your own trash in the trash can that is clear and obvious to put your trays and baskets on top.   I'll be back!! It was delish!!
For my Cuisine and Culture class I had to write about a cuisine I had not tried yet so I chose Viva Las Arepas.   Viva Las Arepas serves authentic Venezuelan food in a fast food like environment.   I came here with two of my classmates and we almost sampled every item on the menu. I personally ordered the garlic shrimp arepa; tequenes pastelitos; fried plantains; cheese empanada; and a mango beverage. The tequenes was the worst of them all; which contained an uncooked cheese stick in the middle. The arepa contained baby sized shrimp and was too fishy for my taste. The cheese empanada was tasty and the cheese was actually melted; mango beverage way too sweet; and the plantains while having a nice flavor were extremely greasy. The overall consensus on the food was that everything was too greasy.   I wish I was more a fan of the food here because it's right around the corner from my house and the owner Felix is a good man.
Not really sure how to describe this place, as I had never ventured into a Venezuelan restaurant before.  The food is amazing, the service is amazing, the meal on day two (since day one was so good) was even better than day 1.    I am in love with the food here, and look forward to being back in a few days.  The roasted chicken - fyi - is so good you'll slap your momma!
**Summary**        - Taste - Maybe it was an off day, but I just didn't like the flavor of arepas. The mix grill wasn't bad though. If I were to come back, I'd get the Pork Spare Rib meal. That was my favorite.        - Value - I think the price is a little high for what you're getting **Ordered**        - $22.99 Wood Fire Mix Grill w/ Fried Plantain & Fried Yucca Root - The pork spare ribs were delicous. Tender & tasty. The Beef was ok. However, the chicken was dry and the sausage wasn't very tasty.        - $4.50 Wood Fire Chicken Arepas - The chicken was dry. The arepas seemed to be more bun then anything else.        - $5.50 Wood Fire Beef Arepas - Bun, oil, and salty beef. Didn't really like the taste. **Recommendations**        - I'd wouldn't really recommend this place. There's a lot of other places you could get more bang for your buck.
VIva Las Arepas is super tasty! I was in heaven when I first tried their signature arepa. It's a little greasy, but that's to be expected. if you haven't tried the Venezualan soda, Frescolita, I highly recommend it - tastes like bubblegum. And it's the only place in Vegas you can find it. Buen provecho!
My wife and I tried the vegetarian and reina pepiada arepa.  Both were delicious.  Just the right size and priced right.  Staff was friendly and the place was very clean and comfortable.
This place was pretty fantastic.  The portions are massive and the food is delicious.  I'm a big fan.  It's definitely worth the trek if you're staying on the strip.
The food here is delicious and reasonably priced. If you are in a hurry this is probably not the best choice for you. It's clean and the staff is friendly. I like the chicken thighs and of course the Arepas are always yummy.
Jamás volvería comer en este sitio Viva la Arepa, el que sabe del sabor venezolano esta muy lejos del buen gusto y sabor la cachapa tenía mal sabor, y la Atención deja mucho que desear el dueño se molesto porque le pedí una cachapa con jamón y queso me contesto de manera grosera "y quien le dijo a usted que la cachapa lleva jamón" pienso que uno es cliente y debemos recibir un mejor trato.y al cliente lo que pida.. no recomiendo este sitio a  nadie
This quick serve cafe was clean and comfortable. 6 of us went for lunch for the first time and went back for dinner on the same day. Felix (the owner) was so nice and friendly. He treated us with extra spicy wings and fries   We ordered Arepas #2 wood fire chicken,  #3 shredded beef, #7 Reina Peplada, spicy wings, fried yucca root. They were yummy and the price was reasonable. We will be back, viva las arepas :)
From the Foodie Snob:  This place is totally Legit! Great fast friendly service and a clean restaurant. Oh, BTW did I mention the arepas? Fresh ingredients and very tasty. I only wish this place was located in Henderson due to the headache of driving in traffic near downtown.
One of the best places to eat in Vegas. Very affordable, too. I love the empanadas and the rice is to die for. I always order the fried plantains. I come here once a week now.
This place has amazing food.  U should just try it like I did, and you will fall in love and dream about it for days.  Must haves for me are : cachapas con queso, pork spare ribs (also comes with two sides) I chose yucca fries and fried plantains, yum! And the Shredded beef arepas. But I haven't tried everything..... Yet! So those are my favorites so far.
Oh. My. God.   I ordered the vegetarian arepas.  So fricken good! The "bread" was amazing! So much flavor and awesome texture.  Avocado, fresh. Black beans, flavorful and cannot be straight from a can!   The two sauces they give you...USE IT!   Every time I go to Vegas this will my FIRST stop.  Screw the buffets and everything else.  This is the place to be!
My daughter and I try to come here at least once a month. If we lived closer we would come here more often. Our usual order... a wood fire chicken arepa with cheese & avocado and we share a side salad. Soooo yummy & addictive! :)  Ingredients are fresh & homemade, the restaurant is clean and spacious with indoor & outdoor seating and the owner and staff are always helpful & friendly.
Just wow! Not sure what all the stuff is? Just start at the top of the menu and work your way down.
Location: The restaurant wasn't that hard to find. The parking lot was a little small, but it shouldn't be too bad to find a place to park if you decide to go on a weekend.   Atmosphere: The restaurant itself is pretty spacious. There was a pretty good amount of places for people to sit.  Service: The guy at the counter was really nice. He was helpful with some recommendations. It was kind of hard for us to hear what order they were calling. They give you two bottles, one red and one white, with your order. That was nice since you usually just go to a counter in other places for the sauces.  Food: I decided to get the chicken salad arepa and shredded beef. The chicken salad was really good. It was nice and saucy. The shredded beef was too hot to eat. I took a couple of bites, it was okay. I decided to save it for later. When I ate it a couple of hours later, I thought it tasted better. My friend decided to try the garlic shrimp. She said it was a little too saucy. At the end of the meal it was leaking and looked really hard to eat. She said it was good at first though.
The arepas are delicious. I had the BBQ chicken which was a pulled chicken style sandwich. There was a lot of meat on the sandwich and it was tasty. I also got the cheese arepa which was just cheese on the arepa. I really liked this, simple yet delicious. The sauces that came with it were nice accompaniment. The darker yellow sauce was spicy so be careful if you don't like spicy foods. The lighter green sauce was a creamy cilantro style and was nice. Definitely will try their other menu items!
YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(149/365) "How About a Pabellon Cachapa?"  Long awaited update, and first time in the brick and mortar location. Glad to see that they offer more than just Arepas now, and are open 24 hours on weekends.  Perusing the menu, a couple of things caught my attention-Pabellon, and Cachapa. Too bad they didn't have the two combined, because I've been searching for that killer combination after having it at Pica Pica Maize Kitchen in Napa. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pica-pica-napa-2?select=D2QDnqVaFYS7EpRd-4XTqQ#Eo2CTtCtgsNwu0ZAaFIeiQ  Having already tried a few of the Arepas, we ordered both the Cachapa and Pabellon to share as well as their tasty Soursop Drink. These were both pretty good, but I wished they would offer more ways to have the cachapa than just cheese.fillings, or even a pabellon cachapa? (hint, hint!) maybe like any of the arepas  The Arepas are okay, but I just am not much of a fan of that masa pocket that holds all the fillings together, kinda like a Mexican Gordita which I'm also not really a fan of.  If worse comes to worse, I might even just order a cachapa and ask them to add the meat and plantains inside and charge me extra...that is, if and when a craving hits, because we're almost always next door anyway!  ALOHA!!!  Shaka Meter  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \u  3.25
Comfortable indoor, outdoor dining in the heart of Las Vegas. My faves are the BBQ pork Ribs, fried yucca, passion fruit juice and the wood fired chicken is delicious as well. Friendly personal service.
All sorts of awesome! The wood fire beef and chicken arepas are my favorites. Try the hot sauce, it's spicy without leaving your taste buds numb.
Having it for the first  time the review is factors in my state of shock, on how good this  was, but also because its the first time i have ever had an Arepa, as I inhaled the first one, I thought to myself why did it take me so long to find out about these.  I ordered the wood fired chicken and beef arepas. The lady at the counter said the chicken was their most popular. So I took that one, and a beef one. After having both, I have to say I was much more impressed with the beef. It was tender, juicy and that creamy cilantro sauce (or atleast that's what I think it was) was impressive. I think that would go great on anything.  I am going back for the roasted pork butt arepa, and I am not sure, but I know for a fact I will be going here often. The meats were juicy and great flavor, but the real star was the actual arepa, it was dense but not dry, and had a great soft texture on the inside, but crunchy on the outside. if you had a pupusa before, it has that similar taste.  Love the vibe of the place, everyone was friendly, and it's just a great place to go and grab a bite to eat.
We wanted a snack and it was getting late. We noticed they were open and stopped in for a snack. We ordered some empanadas. Two kinds. Black bean and cheese and the chicken empanadas. Both were superb! We now tell everyone we know and it's on our "tour" when we have out of town visitors.
Best grub for $10 in Vegas. Fresh meats, gluten free if you want it. Fried plantains are amazing! We had the Arapas with chicken, beef and shrimp, all were so good! Ribs look incredible too.  New location with outdoor patio! We will be coming back... Often!
This is gluten free heaven! My friend introduced me to this place and I am always hesitant to try new foods when I am unfamiliar with the ingredients and when there is a possibility there could be a translation problem that I need to be wheat free! I checked out the menu online and saw I could order a plate, then I noticed gluten free on the website and I cheered, I can eat a sandwich!  I ordered the wood fired beef, plantains and the lime with cane sugar drink and it was absolutely delicious! They give you sauces to add to the sandwiches that was fabulous, the plantains were yummy as well as the drink it went perfect together. I look forward to trying the other meats they offer.  There is a patio outside however there are no misters so it could be a little warm during the day but for a summer night it will work! That area of the Strip is a little dicey but it is part of the charm!
For any gluten free friends who are stuck eating flavorless cardboard bread alternatives, this place is amazing!! Great quality meats sandwiched inti yummy corn arepas with just enough light sauce where needed. Chicken, beef & garlic shrimp with plantains for dessert!! Yum yum yum. I am told I am a pain picking restaurants but will be back for sure!! Thanks Yelp for the suggestion to a Vegas local since 97
Omg! This place is delicious! Wood grilled chicken and ribs, mesquite wood to be exact. If you've never had bb cue smoked over mesquite coals, boy are you in for a treat!... you might actually ruin yourself for regular bbcue so be careful!  Very reasonably priced a half chicken with two sides is $9.99!  We came here yesterday after getting pedicures next door and we're back again today. Just a few short blocks down from the stratosphere... worth the drive from wherever you're staying in Vegas. The meat is lean and tasty! Venezuelan treat!
Just had a good meal here. Love the local places when in Vegas. Treat yourself here for good eats then walk next store to Art of Flavors for gelato. Can't go wrong.
The arepas are bomb but I come here for the Pabellon or chicharron con yuca. Just finished lunch but already want to come back for more!
Ate here about midnite on Sat/14 June: - $9.99 for the spare ribs + 2 sides platter.  Great deal and lots of food.   - $.99 for a can of Coke.  For Venezualan soda, coupla choices at $2 and $2.50. - All prices have taxes already included.
This was disappointing! It was my first arepa and for $5.50 each (without adding avocado) all I got were tiny mesa pockets with some salty meat. The beef one was alright but the pork butt was too salty. I also asked for a chicken salad arepa which I have seen Yelpers post pictures of but instead they gave me a tiny side salad without any chicken on it. I also got 2 empanadas ($3 each) which were just okay but soggy by the time I got home. I ordered this all to go and was so eager to open up everything and chow down. But I was sorely disappointed once opening all the packages and seeing how little the food and overpriced everything was.
Arepas here are delish!  It is located near downtown LV but don't let that stop you from coming. The food is great at very reasonable prices!  The place is extremely clean with very friendly people working there!  We will definitely be making this place a regular spot when we are in Vegas!
Went here a few days ago with my out-of-town peeps and I'm really glad I did!   Upon arriving, I noticed that the place was packed and the parking lot was completely FULL. The service is pretty fast and the line at one point was out the door.   I ordered the Garlic Shrimp Arepa (you can have it either hot or cold. I ordered it hot.) & the Pork Butt Arepa. Both were PACKED with flavor. They can be a little deceiving though. They're no bigger than a regular cheeseburger, but I found myself getting full fast! I ended up only eating half of both, then just picked at the insides. (the garlic shrimp was just too good to leave behind)  Even though the place is located in downtown LV, it was pretty clean and the bathrooms were well maintained.   I also noticed how friendly the associates were. Even though there was a pretty sizable line behind me while I was ordering, I never felt rushed and they were more than happy to make me something that was not on the menu. My little wanted rice with vegetables (thats on the menu) with a fried egg (not on the menu).   The restaurant itself is a waaaays away from my place, but I don't think that would stop us from popping in from time to time.
I came upon this place by accident- actually by fate I believe!!!   I tried abcarne mechada empanada that was absolutely delicious. It was piping hot and made to perfection! My sister is obsessed with fries so we ordered them. They are thin but fresh and we put the mayo garlic cilantro sauce (in the white bottle) all over them. So bomb.   My sister got the carne arepa but we both didn't care for it... It tasted more like pork. We will be trying the pollo next time.   YOU MUST TRY THIS PLACE! I'm obsessed.   It is a bit pricey though so bring some extra cash :)
Arepas have recently become my food obsession, but I had never had one in Las Vegas before. I remembered this place existed and then had a friend ask me if I've been there, so it was on my list to try.  Today I went to my boss's storage unit down the street, and I was pretty excited to find out I could order food directly on the Yelp mobile app. An arepa for $5? How is that even possible in the US? It was a damn tasty arepas, especially once I discovered the hot sauce. I literally cannot wait to go back and have more arepas.
Where have Arepas been all my life?  If this is Venezuelan food then sign me up! I'm very glad I didn't immigrate to Venezuela as I would probably would have ended up being a 400lb whale on the beach snacking on Arepas all day.  Once again the Yelp community didn't steer me wrong. For weeks I've been seeing yelpers rave about this place, so I decided it was time.  Located on Las Vegas Blvd and East Oakey Blvd, Viva Las Arepas is a store down from the other favorite Art Of flavors. The parking is very limited, so be prepared to maybe park somewhere close by. Trust me the walk is worth it.  After going around their menu I decided why not the Pork and chicken Arepas. Served on a rectangular  dish, they were served pretty much hamburger style. With a hot sauce and what seemed like a tart sauce are served with your meal. Both dishes bursts with flavor. The breading I think was freshly made. Big credit. Very filling meal if your trying one or two.   To drink they have canned soft drink and bottled water. The real stuff is the juices they have on tap. I can not remember what juice I had but it was a suger cane drink of some sort. It complemented the meal quite well. Tell your friends, this place is bomb  Overall Service: 4-5 Drink: 4-5 Food: 5-5 Cleanliness: 4-5 Coming back: Yess
Hubby and I liked it! Fresh food, gluten free! Very friendly staff. We walked up to the counter and told him we had never been and he gave us great info. We had the beef, pork and garlic shrimp arepas; plantains; and fried yucca. Delish! I tried the sauces and enjoyed those too. We'll come again when we visit Vegas, for sure.
Arepas.. arepas! Such a delicious Venezuelan dish and this place is authentic as it can get right in the heart of Vegas! Located past the strip and towards downtown, it is easy to find! Parking is a little challenge since it's located in a small complex. If you cannot find parking, there are spots to park around the area and you'd have to take a quick walk to get across the street. Hey, at least it's free parking!  Once you enter, you are welcomed by the smell of the meats cooking on the grill! If you  had never had an arepa, it is basically an open-faced pupusa or a falafel. You have two pieces of dough, usually made out of maize, and fillings of meats and sauces sandwiched in the middle! It is a very popular South American dish typically in Venezuela and Colombia.   My orders:  Yucca Root- Delicious and so simple! You get a lot of Yucca root cut up like thick fries (a lot healthier) and they fry it. There wasn't a lot of oil and no condiments because the  root itself has its unique flavor! This is a great side dish to order while you eat your arepas.  Fried Plantains- I love anything with bananas/plantains! This sweet dish really compliments the savory and saltiness of the yucca root and the arepas. It is a great combination to have with your meal!   Fire-grilled beef arepa- I thought the arepas were going to be small, but it turned out to be quite fulfilling! The beef is perfectly grilled with vegetables and special sauces.  Fire-grilled chicken arepa- The chicken has to be my favorite. I love the taste of grilled chicken with the arepa! I would definitely get it again!   Passion fruit juice- They have an array of drinks and juices that are local favorites if you were to be in South America! I tried the passion fruit and it was so refreshing! Not too sweet and not too watery either!  Overall, my experience here was great. Customer service was great, the food was great and so was the ambience! I will definitely be back!
Do NOT miss this chance to get Arepas, if you are visiting Las Vegas. Do not fail to support a local business, if you are a resident! On our first visit, I had the reina pepiada (chicken/avocado) arepa and my husband had the pabellon (shredded beef) arepa. Both were so delicious!! The masa wrap was crisp but tender, and the fillings very flavorful. We've since tried most of the fillings, and every arepa has been fresh and tasty. This is a far distance from Mexican food; but f you like a little heat, there are Venezuelan hot sauces on the tables.  We've also had the pastelitos, and while we didn't think they quite as good as the arepas, the fillings were very flavorful. The Venezuelan sodas are exotic enough to be worth a try too; but my personal favorite drink is the "Agua Panela", sugar cane with lime. I love any drink that involves raw sugar cane, and in this one the lime cuts the sweetness just right but not so much that it tastes like limeade. I have two standout memories from my first visit. First, I wanted to try the yuca fries, but my husband was being a little conservative about them. So we didn't order...but the owner brought over an order for us to try anyway, on the house! They were so good and crispy, and I've ordered them ever since. My second memory is of the wood stacked in full view of the dining area, so you know they are always smoking that meat right in-house.  I also have to complement the owners on a bright, folksy, and clean atmosphere. It was a pleasure to sit there...reminded me a lot of small cafes we encountered in our trips to central America...but with air-conditioning, LOL! Very affordable eating for "The Strip"...please get out of those casinos and try this and other local businesses in our fabulous city. By the way, the very best gelato place in town, "Art of Flavors" is right next door (that's not just my opinion, but I totally concur); so save some room for dessert.
I could of sworn I wrote a review for Viva Las Arepas a few years back, my apologies. I began coming and enjoying these delish arepas when this establishment was the humble little shack across the parking lot now replaced by an up and coming gourmet sandwich joint. My first time here the owners kid was out behind the shack and some drunk women was walking up and the down the street cursing and confronting customers so I called the cops and my mom went to go talk to the little girl and her mom so she wouldn't be scare. The chef was busy so as a thank you he gave us a few free orders of the cheese sticks. After that I became a regular.   The pork arepa is filled with really tender pulled pork but I always order without the tomato slice. The shrimp arepa is really yummy too, sautéed shrimp in a mild spicy condiment sauce served hot. The bean an cheese arepa, can nothing go wrong with those!!! Finally but not least, the Reina Pepiada is my absolute favorite!!! It is made with shredded chicken, mayo, avocado, peas and cilantro.   The arepas are served in rustic baskets which I hate because when people spill their arepa juice, how do they clean them? I eat mine over the paper they come in. The new locating is sooo nice and big too. Their menu is extensive, it contains other Venezuelan goodies like cachepas which are these sweet little pancakes. The parking lot is still limited but I never have a problem and I'd walk a few blocks to try these guys out, trust me!!!
Talk about value - tasty arepas for less than $5. Looks small but makes a good meal, and you need some room for gelato at Art of Flavors next door after that anyways. :)  I usually get Reina Pepiada or shredded beef, both of which are very good.  A big YES.
I'm a bit torn in writing this review.   I've had Viva Las Arepas (VLA) bookmarked for the better part of two years now, hell maybe more and it wasn't until recently had I been able to finally stop in.   I love that there are still highly rated,  non-boojie, cheap, no frills food near the strip. I love even more that it's Venezuelan food.  Unfortunately, I may have been driven by the hype so much that I was left slightly disappointed.   After a very long, grueling work schedule, my beau (bless his tired heart) was sweet enough to bring me here because I listed it on my top 3 places to eat while in Vegas.  We drove up to VLA, which isn't a stand anymore, they've transitioned to a brick & mortar. The parking lot is shared with other establishments and can get crowded during peak hours.   The menu is large enough to spell some confusion for those salivating tastebuds. I know these arepas can be filling so I definitely had to strategize my meal. The man just got himself a carne arepa (non shredded) and 3 shredded beef empanadas. I got the pork buttt and carne arepas in addition to a chicken empanada.   Our plates came out hot and fresh within a few minutes and those empanadas were super hot--so hot that a piece of it was left thrown and regurgitated back onto our tray lol (wasn't by me though). We enjoyed both empanadas though I will say the shredded beef was better than the chicken. We also both agreed they needed more meat in them.   I love the arepa itself, and they generously filled 'em with our protein of choice. Unfortunately, neither of us were impressed with their beef. It was tough and lacked flavor. Even with all that drippy sauce, there was just something amiss with the beef.   The pork butt I did enjoy. It was moist and tasty, and once I was carb loaded, I picked out all the pork and gobbled it all up.   As cheap a meal as I thought it would be, we still paid $30++.   Overall, I'm saddened this long sought bookmark didn't wow me, but I wouldn't mind giving it another try.
I haven't reviewed Viva Las Arepas yet?! Best fix that.   Viva Las Arepas is worth a trip whether you're familiar with the Venezuelan wonder food or have never tried these meat-filled Joy Pockets. It's representative of the best the genre has to offer; the arepa itself is fluffy and moist, and the meat inside is fresh, flavorful, and sooooo juicy. The meat is all cooked over a wood fire, and the flavor they get out of the meat is just incredible. The woodfired beef, and the reina pepiada (chicken with peas and avocado and...um...stuff?)  have become my go-to favorites, and I've developed cravings for the reina. So good.   I'm pretty sure this place was the former occupant of the current Goodwich Cube outside of Dinos, but it has moved waaaaay up in the world, and now has a clean, classy restaurant with a great patio and a ton of seating just across the street, in a lot with a kitsch shop, a lingerie store, and a Bail Bondsman. Ahhhhhh Vegas.  Pros: - Holy cow the food is delicious. Get two; an old favorite and then try something new. I've never had anything bad there. - The arepas themselves are perfect. I've had arepas at other places that get this weird "cheap poorly made cornbread" texture to them that is not at all pleasant. That is not the case here. Something like a cross between a crumpet and a tortilla, I imagine the manna God sent from heaven was actually arepas. - Sauces. They come in two generous tubes; one's spicy, one's garlicky. Yellow bottle. Do yourself a favor and just slather that on. - This is fast lunch food that's not at all fast food. Takes about 5-10 minutes from order to eating, depending on how busy they are. Unless you order the All The Meats plate, which takes a while, and feeds 3.  - VERY affordable. You can eat a lunch that will make you full for dinner for about $12.  - Seating for 2-14 comfortably.  Cons: - The other businesses in the strip mall give me the giggles. - You will want to eat ALL THE AREPAS, all the time, which will make you very fat.
Go off the beaten path and visit Las Arepas on your next Vegas trip. It's not on the strip, but rather in between the convention center and downtown. Totally worth a stop on your way to night out downtown! Arepas were perfection! The shredded beef is a must try. The service was absolutely fabulous, too. The owner, Felix, went above and beyond and made a very nice impression on us.
Phenomenal food... Nice getaway from the strip... The arepa sandwiches were flavorful and super filling... The yucca fries weren't too shabby either... They also serve sauces with their meals, one spicy and another some sort of cilantro cream sauce, both amazing! Do not leave vegas without a stop here!
Even being someone that is not familiar with Venezuelan food, I have always been amazed by Viva Las Arepas. The price is amazing and the food is exotic. The location is probably the best part about this place too being very central to Vegas but not flooding and after you eat you cannot pass up Art of Flavors next door.
This place was amazing. My friends and I tried a few different arepas and each was delicious. One is probably enough. Get have everyone get a different one so you can try a variety. Definitely going back.
Really wanted to like this place :( 3 stars just for the fried yuca. The meat in my arepa tasted like steamed dog food, had a really gamey flavor. We literally took the rest of our arepas home and gave it to our dog
Still great food but no longer a food cart and also a bit higher prices.
A nice small casual place north of the Las Vegas strip. It is located on a weird corner street and parking is limited. The menu is in both English and Spanish and price are reasonably affordable as compared to restaurants on the strip. The air circulation could improved. It was a bit muggy inside but satisfying enough to be away for the Las Vegas heat.  There was a good variety of food available so narrowing can be tough. I've ordered the chicken arepa while my brother ordered the beef arepa. I recommend the beef over the chicken. Personally, I believe there's more flavor between the two. The outside of the arepa is a bit oily so be careful not to remove the wrapping. I made the mistake of removing it and it broke into pieces.  By the way, they charge 50 cents for a cup of water as indicated on the sign. What kind of place does this for tap water? This is a disaster recipe for BYOH2O.
Best grilled chicken in town and their black beans are soooo good.  I recommend the pork butt and shrimp arepas!
My husband and I were catching a show at the Smith Center and didn't have time for a nice sit down lunch so we decided to mix it up and try out Viva. When you walk in you are transported to another country. The interior is orange and yellow with Spanish music on the radio. The man behind the counter is cordial but definitely gets down to business. I ordered the pork butt and my husband ordered the shredded beef. We decided to share an order of fried plantains and a mango drink. We chose a booth and waited for our number to be called. They were quick and everything is served on a tray with 2 squeeze bottles of condiments on the side. The Arepas were absolutely delicious! I loved the "bun" which is more like a thick and crumbly corn tortilla. It was delicate and delicious. The meat was melt in your mouth cooked to perfection. I even stole a few bites of my husband's and it was also absolutely perfect. The fried plantains were not my favorite, definitely going for the fries next time. The mango drink was not too sweet, but the perfect way to quench your thirst on a hot Vegas day. Overall, we loved the food and the price. We will definitely be back very soon!
I had never tried arepas before, but I can't imagine them being much better than those at Viva las Arepas. We tried the roasted pork butt arepa with cheese and another arepa with chicken breast and avocado (their most popular). The corn cakes they were served in were some of the best gluten-free concoctions my girlfriend and I have tried since identifying our respective gluten sensitivities. They were cooked throughout and crispy golden brown on the outside with soft fluffy insides. For sides, we shared the fried plantains, perfectly caramelized and cooked through with a little tangy acid to balance the sweet caramelly starch, and the rice with vegetables. The side sauces were great but not really necessary because the food was seasoned and prepared excellently already. As someone who appreciates value and feeling satisfied after a meal, I should add that our dinner was one of the best prepared meals for under $20 I've ever had if it wasn't the very best. Welll done!
Damn ... This will be the reason I comeback to Vegas next time. Arepas are South American deliciousness - hand held food that fills you up and satisfies all your taste buds.
So I have never had Venezuelan food but I am so glad I tried this place. First I think you have to have an arepa because that's what they're famous for.  Luckily I went with two friends so we were able to try a bunch of different things. We had the shredded beef arepa which is amazing.  We then shared the cheese empanada and the chicken empanada.  The cheese was my absolute favorite. Then we got the mixed Grill which had chicken beef sausage and pork ribs you get two sides with that. Let me tell you the sausage was the best I've ever had.   The proprietors are so friendly and the restaurant is really clean and I would definitely go there again and I would highly recommend it.
The food here is amazing from the bread to the meat. Everything I got melted in my mouth.  Never had Venezuelan before but I'm now a fan! Everything I had was extremely tasty.  Really affordable for what you're getting. It was clean and they were really quick. I can't wait for our next visit.
Gluten Free Goodness!! They make their arepas and empanadas with corn four and they are so good. I had the roasted pork butt and I highly recommend it. I also tried the reina pepiada, and vegetarian arepas. They were also good. I love their sauces.   The place was clean and the staff was friendly.
This place was ok/good. I expected it to be better because it got 4 1/2 stars. Overall it was fine, but not something I would make a point to go back to. I ordered the shredded pork butt and beef arepa, and the fried plantains. The arepa bread itself was a bit mushy. The outside shell was crispier and better. For those who have never had an arepa, it is a lot like a gordita. I'm not talking about the gorditas they serve at Taco Bell, I'm talking about the authentic ones.   Beef arepa: good, but a bit greasy  Pork butt arepa: the pork was tasty  Fried plantains: nice and warm, but a bit greasy  While I'm not looking for healthy foods here, it could have been a little less greasy.  Pros:  -good hours (open from 8 a.m. to midnight, daily) -the guy was super helpful and friendly when I told him it was my first time.  -the food was fine, but not super good.  Cons: -a bit greasy -hot sauce weren't so good -the arepa bread, a bit mushy -small parking lot
I wish this place was closer to the strip. I would eat every meal of the weekend here if I could. It is definitely a must try if you are visiting Vegas especially since food gets so pricey on the strip with all these chef restaurants and what not. If you are looking for some messy but delectable eats, this is your stop.  I ordered the garlic shrimp and the shredded beef with cheese. I wouldn't get the garlic shrimp again because it didn't have enough flavor for me, even though it was still a great choice, I also needed to add alot of their green sauce and I felt like it wasn't worth it if I had to douse it in sauce. The shredded beef on the other hand... whole 'nother experience. The rich and succulent flavor of the beef paired with the perfect amount of cheese, a dab of their green sauce, and their hearty corn flour exterior... man oh man you are missing out if you haven't had this. The juice/oil from the meat was leaking from the arepa but I really wasn't mad because I just kept licking my hands (#shameless). Since it is made from corn flour it tends to be heavier and therefore I got filled faster so just a heads up that it might be excessive if you want two, unless you can handle that life then all power to you!   So glad I stopped by and can't wait to re-visit and try new arepas. Great service and ample seating, although I am sure it gets packed I was there at a fairly dull time (9:30PM). Must eat when in Vegas!
Luckily, our family lives in the area near this place so we get it fairly regularly.  Had no clue what an arepa was before coming here but now I'm hooked.  My wife and I just need an excuse.  Highly recommend swinging by the gelato shop next door for desert as well.  Awesome stuff.
What's an arepa? Imagine a taco with a very thick fresh corn tortilla that's fried to a crisp on the outside. As such, they are indeed delicious: crispy on the outside, warm and gooey on the inside.   Get the versions with cheese, it's totally worth it. Without cheese there's something missing.  My only quibble is that they're an inconvenient size: one isn't enough for a meal, but two gets expensive (they're about $5.50 each). Five stars for being unique, tasty, and locally owned, minus a star for being a bit spendy: it just feels wrong to spend $12 on a meal of takeout Mexican/South American when I can get 8-12 street tacos for that.   Verdict: Well worth stopping by if you're in Vegas. If I were local I'd still eat there sometimes, but the price would keep me from being a regular.
Kind of sad~ Loved what Felix did at the stand, but when he got into the real B&M, seems like it's more about the hype than the food~ (It's foreign, so it's awesome!) No, it's not~ It's Dry chicken, Dry pork, and Dry beef~ F'ing Dry~ What a D'bag to serve such poorly prepared food~ Sad~ In a third world roll~ I'm so cool because I love it! No, I'm not~ Dry protein in a third world tube roll is worse than a TV Dinner~ Because you paid for it, and told your friends how good it was~ Oh, and the Gelato shop next door?  He owns that too~ But not a feature of VLA~ Do your self a favor and check Luv-It around the corner~ It may appeal more to an honest palate~ And skip the overcooked third world sammich shop~ Lot's of good, honest food in Vegas, even in that neighborhood~ Just makes me sad I spent my money there~ Just think, "Dry"~
Doña Norma's a is a quaint little Nicaraguan restaurant located Downtown. Very reasonably priced considering the portion sizes, which are very generous. The staff was also very sweet and attentive. We were served by Doña Norma herself and she took good care of us. You can tell she really cares about keeping her clientele happy.   We tried the Guirilas which are sweet corn tortillas that come with crema and a soft fresh mild cheese called Cuajada. We also tried two other dishes the Huevos Rancheros, and the chicken Tacos Nicas. Everything was very authentic and flavorful. Being Nicaraguan myself I was happy to find this little spot so close to where I live. The warm and inviting atmosphere, excellent service and wide array of delicious meals are more than enough reason to keep me coming back. My one regret was that I ate so much there was no room for dessert so I am going to have to return soon to try out the Buñuelos. I look forward to returning to Doña Normas!
Food was fantastic but don't expect to order off the menu. Just ask for whatever they want to serve you. No soap in the bathroom, they said they were ordering a new soap dispenser... Most items were fried. The rice/beans mix was dry and bland. It feels like you're traveling in a third world country. First world prices. My new favorite spot!
Coming from a Nicaraguan family, I must say that this place is 100% aunthentic!!! The food is Fresh and good!! The prices are reasonable as well as the portions. The queso frito(fried cheese), gallo pinto(rice and beans), fritanga de res(seasoned beef), and tajadas(fried plantains)were on point!!!
Coming from a Nicaraguan family, I must say that this place is 100% aunthentic!!! The food is Fresh and good!! The prices are reasonable as well as the portions. The queso frito(fried cheese), gallo pinto(rice and beans), fritanga de res(seasoned beef), and tajadas(fried plantains)were on point!!!
MUYYYY Rico. Es tener un pedacito de Nic en Las Vegas.
I am Nicaraguen - like I lived there so I am very familiar to how the plates should taste. Dona Norma does a great job on cooking it right. They have friendly service and their prices are reasonable. I love the fritanga platter which brings beef (cabob style), gallopinto (rice and beans mixed together), fried cheese and fried bananas. If you are Nicaraguen and new to the Las Vegas area this is the place to go to. Trust me other "Nicaraguen" restaurants in town are horrible.
We read a review about this place as a small authentic Nicaraguan restaurant that has been in Las Vegas for years. I am so glad we tried this place. The owner/chef Norma was very kind and the food was EXCELLENT! The prices are great and the portions are even better. I could tell she had a following of faithful diners. Most of the people coming in or leaving knew her from previous visits. We will returning again. I love hidden gems! Especially trying a new food from somewhere far away. This is it!  MUST TRY:  Fritangas! We had a plate with Steak (grilled to perfection and seasoned REALLY good), Rice with Beans,crispy and sweet plantain and fried cheese. It was AMAZING!  We also had the "Chancho con Yuca" (pork with yuca) which was also very good and came with a really good cabbage salad that taste great with the pork. I probably would just get the Fritangas again because the Chancho was a HUGE for an appetizer and filling in itself. If you are looking for somewhere new and really down home cooking good, this is the place to try! Turns out we like Nicaraguan food and didn't even know it.  The only thing a little strange was the tv was playing a wedding (maybe a family member of her's or someone she knew) and the entertainment on the wedding video was the music/movie for the restaurant but it was odd watching someone's wedding on a bad quality tape. Food was awesome though.  CA$H ONLY HERE!!!
Came to LV with two friends that are Nicaraguan.  They loved the food and said it was very traditional.  Totally delicious and now we plan to come here every time we are in town.  The food is spiced delicately and is extremely tasty.  Not much to look at from the outside, but the quality and the taste of the food is stellar.  Very nice family who runs it - recommended highly.
stayed in vegas a few days and was sick of casino/hotel/restaurant food. yelped some Nicaraguan options and this place came up. doesn't look like much but it's some of the best nica food i have ever had.
Having never tried Nicaraguan food, I had to try this place.  This place also has Mexican and El Salvadoran food.  Perhaps this is a Nicaraguan thing, but there are no real sauces.  I ordered the pork kebabs that came with cooked plantains, plantain chips, cheesy bread, and rice and beans.  There was not much pork, but there was a rather significant portion of starches.  I guess if I were carb loading for a marathon I'd stop by here the day before.  They also served hot tortillas and bean dip as a free appetizer so more carbs for you.  The pork was a bit dry and flavorless.  The waiter offered some homemade onion salsa or something, but that didn't spark up the flavor.  There was no hot sauce.  This may be a Nicaraguan thing so I'm not going to criticize them for not hot sauce or tasty salsa or something.  Kind of reminds me of Filipino food, just bland.  Can't say I'm a fan of Nicaraguan food now, but I would say this place is clean and fresh and the staff extremely friendly.  I also liked watching the TV novellas on the big screen.  I wish Yelp had another star system.  I wouldn't say I'm a fan here, but I would say they do a good job at what they do.
After being spoiled by "La Mission" food in San Francisco whiles I lived there for a few years, I really didn't think Vegas could ever compete. In fact numerous people who have lived here said Latin comida is not as great as the food in Cali. But as far as Nica food goes this place is pretty good. I could only try the nacatamale and cacao but that's all I wanted for now. Plus I was on a date so I didn't want to pig out in front of him. Besides nacatamales aren't easy to make...according to my date you need good hands to make good nacatamales.  And these were delish. The service was a bit nonexistent but he did the basics so we were good. The restaurant is not in the best part of town and it almost looks like a house in a parking lot so be careful or you may pass it like I did. Prices were not bad either. ..I look forward to going back for more.
Yelp Challenge 2013: 36 /100 (....more like 3.5 stars)   I am Nicaraguan and I was excited to take my boyfriend here. I couldn't wait for him to finally try authentic 'Nica' food. I had bookmarked this place a while ago.  When I saw the recent review in the Las Vegas Weekly Magazine, we decided to make our move.  The food here is authentic, delicious, affordable, and cooked with love. In fact, Dona Norma was in the kitchen preparing the meals. However, this place is an absolute hole-in-the-wall.  When you first pull up, you might be turned off by the location (read: not in the best area of town) or the eclectic décor (tables with plastic coverings). Don't let it steer you away. I repeat, don't let it steer you away. If you're looking to try something new, look past the exterior and give it shot.      Here is what I suggest you try:  ~ Cacao: Made with milk, cacao beans, cinnamon, sugar, and vanilla.   ~Fritanga Plate: This was my personal favorite. The plate included an assortment of carne asada (charbroiled beef), gallo pinto (rice and red beans seasoned with garlic), platanos maduros (sweet fried plantains), platanos fritos (plantain chips), traditional cabbage coleslaw, and queso frito (fried cheese that is traditionally salty and dry).  ~Nacatamale: Made with Masa de maiz (dough made of grinded corn and butter) , olives,  tomatoes, onions, potatoes, filled with pork and vegetables and steamed in a banana leaf.  The service was fairly good. There was only one guy waiting, busing, expediting, and running payment for orders. The restaurant was busy and the service was a bit slow. However, our waiter was very kind and he was really trying his best to attend to all the tables in a timely fashion. I really can't knock em' for trying their best. Come in with the mindset that this is run like a typical restaurant in Nicaragua.    It is also important to note that Spanish is the first language at this place. The waiter spoke English, but I'm pretty sure he was the only one working who did. For those who don't speak Spanish, their menu includes English descriptions and photos.   Overall, we really enjoyed our meal at Dona Norma. I am very happy to know that there is traditional Nicaraguan food available in Las Vegas. The place is not fancy, but sometimes you'll find some amazing food at places like this. We will be back.
First off Half of the menu isn't available    The Mexican cashier was really annoying asking where my parents were from, where was I staying at, where was I from, when I asked him to call a cab for me, he told me that he could take me to my hotel, I got really annoyed and walked out.    Third the food was below average, the fried plantains were the only good thing out of the three things I ordered.
La comida es mala parece un lugar de mala muerte aparte tienen un mal servicio los banos apestan las cucarachas abundan muy sucio no voy nunca mas en mi vida
Okay, so I'm about 3 months pregnant at this time and whenever someone asks if I'm having any cravings I usually get sad because the food I want is all food made by my family back home. I usually yelp "Nicaraguan" and "Ecuadorian" once a month to see what comes about and this time Doña Norma came up! I was a bit skeptical at first due to the location...and even more worried when I walked in and saw how empty and bare it was. Moving along...I grabbed a menu and instantly my mouth watered reading all the plates they offered and wanted to order half the menu! I restrained myself( barely) and ordered the fritada de res, nacatamale, and cacao...here's where things got interesting. I went to pay and noticed my wedding band was no longer on my finger...I started freaking out and crying and ran outside to look around...the people inside the restaurant and the staff all came outside to help me look...I didn't find it...but that gesture was honestly amazing. I ended up asking for our food to go since I had lost my appetite and wasn't sure I would even enjoy my food at that point. Got home still a mess and my husband sat me down to eat...it may have been my hormones but that first bite almost made me cry!! The flavors!!! The marinade!! The meat melts in your mouth! I was instantly taken back home to my moms and Abuelas cooking!! Everything was amazing and I regretted not getting a second order for the following day...this place may not be appealing to outsiders but please...PLEASE!!! Take a chance and try some authentic Nica food!!! I plan on going back soon and trying more things... Thank you Dona Norma for bringing a little piece of my family to this city!!!
The food here is great! The pupusas are fresh and yummy, though I tend to load mine up with the salsa that comes on the side, as they're otherwise a bit bland.  There's an ample vegetarian selection (bean and cheese, zucchini and cheese, loroco and cheese)--all delicious!  Save room for dessert; the tres leches cake is absolute perfection (and sells out quickly, so cross your fingers that you can get it!)
I was visiting my boyfriend at Waterloo and was craving Salvadorian food.We had pupusas and I was pretty impressed even as a California native.
I've been coming to this hidden gem a couple of years now.  You always worry places like this may become too popular!  The papusas are fantastic!  The service is always warm and friendly (family run operation).  The tacos and nachos are also wonderful!  Tip - eat the tacos quickly l- the corn meal soft shells get soggy quickly!! :). No liquor license, but a nice variety of pop from Mexico as well as other beverages.
Came here upon a recommendation from a friend while at Dos Gringos. So glad we did! The host was very friendly and seated us right away. The decor and ambience were perfect. Came here with my girlfriend, but would be perfect for a date night. Our server was Sal and we loved him. Very friendly, helfpul and knowledgable, even though he was new.   We started with the zucchini chips with garlic aioli. They were light and delicious, and the aoili was amazing! They were out of the free bread so he brought some pancake thing, which was great as well, and served with a super spicy and tasty pico de gallo. I can't handle spice well, but she was in love with it. We split the tequila glazed salmon...yum! It was cooked perfect with mango on top, lime cilantro rice and a wonderful concoction of potato, bacon and mushroom. I would not have thought all those would go well together but it worked...like magic!   The only area for improvement that I could see were the drinks. She had a orange cream thing, and it wasn't good. Very creamy, which Sal warned us about, but it was just too rich. I had a strawberry margarita - not bad, but not great. There was also some guy, who I suspect is a manager or owner, but it was hard to tell since he was wearing plaid shorts, a t-shirt and skate shoes...on a Saturday night. I'm not super into appearances, but everyone else is dressed up and he should be too. Unless he was just some random guy - then he can wear whatever he wants, but don't ask me about my food.   All in all, loved it, recommend it and will be going back soon!
Purchased a groupon for Urbano and excited to try a Latin fusion restaurant in old town Scottsdale. Although the server was extremely kind and attentive we were sadly let down by the food. It started out well with the ambiance and look-shabby chic. We had the complementary fried plantains with spicy pico de gallo and chipotle mayo which was very good. We then had the beef and potato empanadas-they were light and crispy but beef & potatoes were kind of bland. They were good when enhanced with the pico & mayo. We also ordered the green chili burger which sounded very promising but was more like a picnic burger w/ a store bought sesame seed bun and flavorless meat. It came with fries that had crushed pepper, parsley, cotija cheese and were completely boring in taste. The spices didn't compliment the already dull fries. We also had the fish tacos that sounded divine but were fishy, (tilapia) and fell flat. All these dishes had going for them was the spicy pico de gallo. Needless to say we will not be back and would not recommend this place.
Went with 6 friends for dinner & drinks, one member of the party was using a groupon and the waitress informed us upfront that she would not be able to receive happy hour drink prices & the groupon on the same bill...I'm not sure I agree but at least she told us upfront! The party was seated before all the guests arrived and so the early birds received warm banana chips and the tardy ones did not.  I was disappointed the server didn't bring them a basket to share.  I enjoyed 3 cherry blossom drinks throughout the evening.  I assumed the drinks made me feel warm but when the group exited the dinning room we all complained of "swamp ass"...We all agreed that it was far to warm inside to be comfortable.  I ordered the Spicy Shrimp Ceviche, which I thought was delicious but I didn't have enough for all chips that were provided.  The Empanads were tasty but for $7 I expected more than 2.  We ordered Mac & Queso both ways (traditional with Hatch Chili and Urban Way with Chorizo)  The traditional was absolutely fantastic! I will order this every time I eat here.  Almost everyone in the group ordered different entrees and since it was my party- I sampled a few different ones.  The Sante Fe fettuccini Alfredo was ordered with chicken and was not as "heavy" as expected but still I would reserve this for an evening where I was feeling hungry.  The vegetarian in the group is sometimes difficult to please due to her diet restriction but she was happy to have at least 3 menu options to choose from.  In the end she chose the Pomodoro Pasta and it was good.  For my own entree, I chose the Sweet Tequila Glaze Salmon and was disappointed with the fish but loved the Bacon-Jalapeno Potatoes with sauted mushrooms. Unfortunately none of us had room left for dessert.
When I moved to Madison from New York I knew that I would have to give up one of my greatest love affairs: la comida criolla (or in English, the cuisine of Puerto Rico). I yearned for the smell of cuchifritos wafting through the air, inviting to partake in their crispy goodness. However, the fates were on my side for a change. Tropical Cuisine opened up and brought a taste of Puerto Rico to Madison. I just came from a delicious meal of Mofongo and Pernil and if I were not currently bursting at the seams I would still be there ordering everything off the menu. If you grew up with or are familiar with Puerto Rican food, this is just like Mom makes it. If not, come by and support this place! I for one can guarantee its authenticity and deliciousness.
Delicious. An adorable Mom and Pop shop that dishes up great food at affordable prices. What really impressed me, though, was how willing the server and the chef were to create a vegetarian version of their regular menu. Puerto Rican food is typically heavy on the meat, so you have to ask for something else. For me, they put together a mofongo dish with broccoli, cauliflower, carrots, peppers, onions in their creole sauce-- it was phenomenal.
The food is amazing here! And, it doesn't hurt that George is actually from Argentina either. The empanadas come in three different flavors: chicken, beef, and fish. The pastry is perfectly flaky and the seasonings inside of the empanadas is delicious. The garlic chimichurri sauce is also very tasty. My dad also orders the Italian sausage, and while I've never tasted them, I doubt my dad would continually eat bad food. So if you are ever at the Indoor Swap Meet stop by George's booth for some awesome Argentinian food and interesting conversation with the owner!
I can't stop raving about this place and have no idea how there is not one single review for Love Empanadas.  Scroll over to the Fantastic Indoor Swapmeet at Decatur and Oakey (only on Fri-Sun 10am to 6pm)....You'll have to pay a dollar for admission but trust me, it's worth it.  Plus you can check out all other spots.  Head over to see Jorge and his amazing emapandas.  He serves chicken, fish, beef, and other specialties.  Each emapanda is 2-3 dollars and the crust is just perfect.  The fillings are individually crafted and has so much flavor.  There's a technique when you eat it.  Jorge will show you and is very enthusiastic.  You take the first bite of the crust and then he spoons some of his GOD-like chimichuri sauce inside so it seeps through the filling and as you bite through, you get all of the tasty goodness.  Jorge is so awesome.  You can tell he's really passionate about his craft.  I hope he gets more deserved attention.  I could really see him killing it at a Food Truck.  Someone with some skrill needs to invest in this man.  HIs emapandas are amazing and you'll feel better that you're supporting a class guy.   Don't walk....bike, drive, run your tail there now and check it out.
Found this place by accident at the fantastic indoor swap meet. Now I can't get enough! I live across town and drive each weekend to enjoy the empanadas. Totally worth the drive, and George is always happy to serve you. Also try the most amazing chimichurri sauce!! If your looking for a great hidden food find, this is it!!!! I love, Love Empanadas!!
If you haven't tried George's empanadas, you're missing half of your life! Definitely the Empanada King of Las Vegas!
ON. POINT.  Latin American food that isn't super heavy and salty.  The food was actually very light and bright tasting.    We were in for a late dinner so we didn't want to be overwhelmed with anything too heavy.  We wanted something light so we both opted for fish.  I had the open faced Papusa with with fish and my Husband had the fish tacos with a side of patacones.    Both dishes were delicious all the way through and the sauces only made things better!  My husband loved the green salsa which he said it tasted like it had fresh avocado with a slight kick from the jalapenos.  He also said it was slightly sweet.  The papusa with fish was also very delicious.  After we walked out we both said "That was perfect".  We only wish we came at a better hour so we could have ordered more then we had because we both wanted to try more.  The service was fast and friendly and helpful.  El Rincon Tico has now become one of our default "go to" restaurants.  I can't wait to try everything!
Really nice neighborhood restaurant. Not too expensive and Kid friendly, simple menu but really unique and tasty. They have this green sauce that is really delicious!
The food and cocktails were amazing!!!
I just got back from a wonderful Sunday brunch at El Rincon Tico. Although they didn't have any decaf coffee, the waitress made me a great smoothie concoction that was delicious. I ordered the big Tico brunch special, and it was a HUGE meal! Because I wasn't having the coffee that comes with the special, she said it was OK to have both ham and plantains, and the latter were delicious, as was the dish of mango pieces (you get a choice of fruit or salad). The restaurant is clean and very well decorated. The habanero/peach salsa on the tables really spiced up the rice and beans. I'd happily go there again for brunch!
I visited this business twice and had two different meals.    Initially, I had hear great things about the tacos.  The tortillas, however, are not made fresh.  They are prepackaged and reheated.  I can get that in a grocery store or Chipotle, so instead of tacos, the first meal I had was a mango salad.  It actually tasted excellent, however a large number of the mangos in the salad still had the inedible mango skin on, which seemed to me to be a careless mistake.  The dressing had great flavor and wasn't too heavy.  At $9 without tax or tip, this was a fairly expensive salad.  The portion was also small and I so I left feeling hungry.  The second meal I had was their hearty beef soup.  The flavors of the soup were initially excellent.  However, as I dug into the bowl, I found several beef bones, as well as a number of pieces of charred/blackened/burned meat.  There was literally a large piece that was probably about a square inch with a 1/4" thick burned crust on it.  It just seemed like careless cooking.  At $11 for a bowl that was relatively small, I again was hungry after eating.  The waiter seemed particularly enthusiastic about the beans, and I was still hungry, so I ordered a side.  $2.25 seemed like a high price to pay for a side of beans and it certainly was given how small the side was.  The beans tasted very standard and unoriginal.  The service I received during both of my meals (from the same tall, lanky waiter) was abysmal.  The restaurant was empty, but the service was slow.  I had to actually ask him for a menu at one of the meals and had to ask to receive water at both meals.  I also found myself having to ask multiple times to receive a water refill.  When my waiter was not at the table, I could hear him loudly conversing with a female cook in back.  They talked about a number of inappropriate things and also argued over which music should be played.  This led to a very eclectic mix of music, including songs that were cut off midway through.  The volume was extremely loud and would occasionally be turned up louder for portions of the song that the staff were apparently particularly fond of.     Overall, there are some fun flavors going on at this restaurant, but high prices, small portions, careless cooking/preparation, and an incompetent wait staff really ruined it for me.  I live in the neighborhood and there are too many great restaurants that are just steps away  to waste your time and money on this one.
While the food was super tasty, we received it in this order: entrees, drinks, chips & salsa. The waitress didn't even seem to understand that this was a problem nor did she explain why it was happening (well, they had to go buy ice for the drinks, that was the holdup there). While there was only one other table in the restaurant, she completely forgot about us after dropping the check and let us sit with it for over 20 minutes. I wish their service matched their tasty food and drinks!
Yummy Latin American comfort food, like rice & beans, plantains, slow-cooked pork & chicken. Mango Man hot sauce is to die for. Service & ambiance could be improved.
Decided to try dinner here last night.  The food was fine, not great but, fine.  The homemade guac was really good, nice and fresh but, the tortilla chips that came with it were overly fried and a little stale.  The coconut shrimp tasted fishy.  The Chicken burrito was a big hit.  The server was not very knowledgeable but tried.  I worry that if it had been any busier (we were the only table for most of the time) the server would have been very overwhelmed.    The part that was most...infuriating was that the vegetarian special and what resulted after our party ordered it.  First, the special isn't listed anywhere with a price nor was the price mentioned when the server shared it with us.  Based on the Plate of the day, and other menu items one would guess that the cost would be around $10 in thast it was, indeed, a special.  Second, the dish was mediocre; butternut squash/plantain coconut curry topped with tortilla strips (unnecessary), with a side of white rice and black beans.  Third, the cost of this dish ended up being $17.95, more than $11 more than the huge chicken burrito that another person ordered.  When the owner was approached about the cost and the fact that the cost was not shared outright, he became condescending and dismissive.    I will say that he reduced the price to, "whatever you want to pay".  But, the meal and experience was already ruined.
What everyone else has said about the service is true.  Thoney (the owner and chef) puts out some AMAZING food and everything I've eaten here has been really really tasty, but the service is just plain bad.  I've had times where I've waited 2 or 3 minutes to be seated to an EMPTY restaurant.  The food takes up to an hour to come out.    If you go, try the curried chicken...it is AMAZING!
Decent food but spotty service.   With El Rincon Tico being The Mango Man's offshoot restaurant from the much loved Cafe Costa Rica, I had high hopes. It's a larger restaurant in both size and menu items with a smaller price tag than Cafe Costa Rica. At first glance this seems like a dream come true. You mean I can get delicious fried plantains and tacos on Willy without being crammed into a tiny dining area? Yess. But it didn't really live up to my expectations.  The food was good but this may be 90% due to their amazing sauces/dips/salsa. I ordered chips/salsa and two empanadas. The chips came in mass quantity and seemed to be made in house, but they were cold. This was a disappointment. I mean, who wants cold chips? At least throw them under a warming table. However, it came with a really tasty salsa which I loved, but it was a bit too sweet for my boyfriend's taste. The empanadas were slightly undercooked and a little bland but I used the remaining salsa and it was workable.  The service was all sorts of crazy. To start, we were the only people in the restaurant around lunch on a weekend. As we walked back to the back bar area the cook greeted us and told us to sit anywhere. The server had ditched that day and that poor cook was stuck doing everything, including taking our order and even running across the street to get ice because they were out. While we were waiting for our food the previously missing waitress stumbled in and seemed really confused. That was the start of awkwardness with her. We guessed she had never served before because she just kinda creeped around and when we asked about a drink we ordered she got slightly offended. Let's just say we left the tip for the cook.   Overall I think that their sauces saved them. Try it out but don't expect anything amazing.
My new favorite restaurant in Madison! If you are looking for an escape from the normal burgers and cheese curds-this is it. The food is great and pricing is decent. They also serve house made sauces that are delicious! We poured it all over everything!
I am Mexican and my wife is from Cali, Colombia.  We found La Tiendita by searching the net for anything Colombian in this area.  I disagree with the assessment of the previous poster on the food.  Colombian tamales ARE quite different from Mexican tamales but are very tasty.  It is basically a stew of meat, potatoes, carrots and other veggies and rice loosely held together by masa.  I find it rather authentic.  I have traveled to Colombia more than 10 times and the food also meets with the seal of approval from my Caleña wife and countless other Colombian customers.  It has become a weekend tradition for us to ride on our motorcycle on weekends to sample the weekly traditional plate.  The food is tasty and plentiful, but a bit pricey when compared to Mexican fare.  My only disappointment is the lack of variety in the items that are available for purchase at the store.  When I first heard of this store I thought I would be able to purchase some Ron de Caldas and guarito but no dice.  Luckily those items are available online from wine suppliers at just about the same price as in Cali.  The owners of La Tiendita Cafe are a very pleasant couple and will make your meal enjoyable.  Enjoy!
My boyfriend is Colombian so were always trying to find anything "Colombian" in phoenix. La tiendita is a cute family owned cafe that specializes in importing Colombian food products and some arts and crafts that advertise Colombia. The cafe basically has well known Colombian snacks like arepas and empanadas. I think the empanadas are ok but my bf says they aren't too great, same thing goes for the arepas. If you end up liking them almost everything on the menu is available to purchase and cook at home. I really like the mango juice with milk. I get that everytime I go! La tiendita is starting new promotional events like cooking a traditional Colombian recipe that isn't on the menu and serves it on the weekend. One for example would be the tamales. Colombian tamales are a lot different than the Mexican tamales. Colombian tamales are distinctively wrapped in banana leaves and the tamales are HUGE filled with chicken (bone in) peas potatoes corn carrots.. la tiendita served this but the masa has no form it kind of just reminded me of throwup. I did stomach the entire tamale to not offend the owners but that was our last meal (after la tiendita failed at other dishes). I wish la tiendita wasn't there to make a quick buck teasing colombians with the hopes of having a taste of home and the food turns out to be a disappointment. I was wondering if the cooks even tried the food or put thought into it before serving it....La tiendita cafe has left my boyfriend and I hopeless about South American cuisine in phoenix..
I am a fan without even going there since I love, love, love Colombian culture and have been agonizing over where to get real OMA cafe.   I will try the empandas and hope they are good.  Every ciudad in Colombia makes them differently.  I liked the ones in Medellin the best, at El Machateca near to Hotel Dann Carolton.   Sigh... no more novia,  no more trips to Colombia.   I look forward to visiting La Itendita
awesome service and food wifey and I will definately be back !! The empanadas were delicious , I had the special of the day and  It was so satisfying.
Really good, authentic colombian food as if your grandma made it :) alot of products from Colombia that you cannot find anywhere else.. Will be visiting again soon.
Amazing colombian food! Very authentic and great service. You can also find many colombian things to bring home like snacks and arepas :). We love this place so much!
Some of the best Colombian food I've had in America. The Empanadas and Chorizo are well worth the 30 min drive from my house. Also was able to buy some Manzana and Arequipe  to bring home!!!
A taste of home is always welcome, and for this Colombiano, La Tiendita hits a home run. I dropped in for lunch while in Mesa and found a clean, well-stocked store and friendly staff. I had the chorizo con arepa and some empanadas for lunch, they were fresh, delicious and authentic in every way. Having Caracol on the TV and a good inventory of Colombian goodies in stock was an added bonus and I'll be back soon on a weekend for the Bandeja Paisa, my favorite dish.   In a world of homogenized, look-alike, bland dining choices, La Tiendita stands out, as it should. Drop in and taste the real thing.
I was looking for a place to celebrate my mother's birthday. She is Colombian and I thought it would be great to find her some food from there. I searched on Yelp and came across La Tiendita Cafe. Although we live on the other side of town we decided to make the drive out there! When we arrived we were greeted by German and his wife and immediately felt like home. After a celebratory shot of aguardiente from a local patron we decide to order some food. Everything we ate was delicious! We had Empanadas (both beef and chicken), Bandeja Paisa and Picada. Everything was delicious and authentic! So glad we found this gem! We will be returning and bringing our friends! Also, a great little store there too, great place to find Colombian food, drinks and spices that are hard to find elsewhere!
This place is the best! Best people, best food and now they serve drinks! Awesome! The only real Colombian food in the valley
Love this place! Real Colombian food, Colombian coffee and friendly service. And they now sell beer and aquardiente!!
First time trying spot out today. It was very authentic columbian food. I have been craving this for quite some time now. Thanks God for YELP. I finally found a awesome spot.  Bandeja Paisa was very good. I can eat this everyday lol. For $12.95 you get a bunch of food, but I was kinda disappointed when I saw the fried pork belly coz it was kinda small. Everything is else is tasting real good though. The Carne Bistec was also good. The meat was soft and the empanadas are bomb. Chicken or beef with some potatoes wrapped of the arepa ( I think) lol.  My overall experience was good. The customer service was awesome. Lots of recommendation. A+++
Stumbled across this place while playing with the nearby button on Yelp. This is a very nice little restaurant serving some tasty authentic Colombian favorites. The even have a swell little grocery area next door selling many of their goodies.  Inside is set up with the theme and colors of the county of Colombia. You will see many decorations on the walls that are unique to their culture and way of life. Puts you right in the mode for some excellent food that will make you smile.  Ordered the Delicious Bandeja Paisa plate on my first visit. This is always one of my favorites and a good test for authenticity. It was very tasty and made me want to come back for more. Tried out the Carne en Bistec on my next visit with a Arepa con Queso on the side.  Food is very good and has a nice flavor profile. This place is a true one of a kind in this part of town. I've been to a similar restaurant in NW PHX and La Tiendita Cafe is definitely going to be on my new Mesa rotation list.  Service is extremely friendly. Really enjoyed talking to the gentleman that works during the lunch shift. He was very polite and spoke excellent English. It was fun talking to him about tamales and how they wrap theirs in banana leaves. I wanted to try some but he said they only make them during special times of the year.  Looking forward to trying out the Roasted Chickens and several other dishes that they thoroughly enjoy making. Liked the Chorizo so much that I had to pick up some from their grocery store. Brought them home and cooked them up for my wife.  Parking is a little tricky and they are somewhat difficult to see from the street. There is still a lot of heavy lite rail construction in front of the complex at the moment. Just take your time and you will not be disappointed. ¡BUEN PROVECHO!  4.25 STARS
I'm so glad I found this place! The food is delicious way better than I expected !!! I loved the chicharron will come back again for sure
Wow no wonder this place has 8/8- five star reviews. I'm adding the mine to the mix.   I was looking for a place to eat yesterday, Sunday after Day 2 of the Rubber Stamp Show at the Convention Center a few blocks away and a lot of places were already closed for the day or by 5 o'clock. I found this one on Yelp and even though my tummy hadn't completely recovered from the stomach flu that I had a few days ago I decided to give them a shot. Gut instinct, pun intended.   I sure wasn't sorry. Being South American food I was concerned about it being too spicy for my still somewhat delicate condition. I had nothing to fear. I mentioned to the girl at the counter that I didn't want anything spicy and she assured me the food wasn't. She asked if I would like some recommendations since I hadn't been there before and I agreed. The first thing she did was smile and point to the Bono bread in the little display case to my right and told me how good that was which was totally true.  It was a dollar for one roll and was almost sweet enough to qualify as a cookie, very fresh and delicious. It could have easily been eaten as a light dessert at the end.   FTR, I'm one of those people that doesn't usually order drinks because it's hard to pay $2 for something I can buy for a quarter from the grocery, but when I saw they had the fruit smoothie type drinks, or fruit juices they called them, I decided to try one out. I believe they were $2.75.  I was going to get a fruit that I was familiar with like strawberry or Blackberry or guava but she recommended the Guanabana fruit drink and I decided to take her word for it.  She asked if I wanted it blended with water or milk and I thought milk would be healthier. It too was extremely fresh and delicious. I look forward to ordering a different flavor next time.   Then she told me about the daily special, a chicken dish with two sides, and pointed to a lady in a booth that had one in front of her,  It looked absolutely delicious.  It was $10.95 which seemed a fair price for the quantity of food and what I suspected would be the quality, but I I was a little worried that it might be too spicy or tomato-y so I decided to order ala carte off the menu.   I wanted to try the empanadas so I got a beef one.  It wasn't huge but it was delicious and homemade and seat well with my tummy and my taste buds. The last thing I ordered was what they called a corn cake with shredded chicken.  It wasn't at all what I envisioned. I was picturing a piece of cornbread like you would find in a southern-cooking place that had sort of a chicken gravy over the top. I wasn't too far off with the chicken part but the "corn cake" was more like a thick tortilla. That didn't matter because it too was mild and delicious, in fact so much so I was wishing there was some pepper to sprinkle over it. Instead I sprinkled a little bit of the mildly spicy green sauce that came with the empanada over it and that livened it up a little.   Even though the portions didn't look large I got full before I finished and asked for a container to bring home about half of the corn cake with chicken which I ate later in the evening. I didn't have room for any of their delicious sounding desserts so I will have to go back to try more things including the dessert. In fact I'll have to go back several times I think to try various foods, drinks and desserts. I suspect they will all be as delicious as what I had. All I can say is a sure wish I'd found this place sooner although it is fun to find new places no matter how long I stay in an area. I think I may have seen this place listed before but assumed it was yet another Mexican place and I don't eat a lot of Mexican food since I can get that in San Diego .   In talking with the clerk she had asked me if I had ever had Colombian food. I told her about some of the various places I've been in the area that were Central and South American--Puerto Rican, Venezuelan, Salvadorian, Cuban, etc but she said that this place was the only Columbian place around. I told her I could definitely taste that it was unique from the other places. I forgot to ask her how long they have been open, if I might have overlooked them on previous trips or if they were recent . And not to go too TMI on you the food sat VERY well on my iffy tummy.
The only and best authentic Colombian Restaurant in Arizona.  The food was fresh and tasty. Food was served pretty quick. We ordered bandeja paisa and picadilla for 4. Both plates were delicious. For drink you want to try their milk shakes all are so awesome. Owner and sever were so friendly and helpful, great vibe! There is also a little store where you can buy stuff from Colombia  I highly recommend this place
I was told that there was only one Colombian Restaurant in Arizona and La Tiendita Cafe was it. I had tried two other places in the past located in Glendale and Phoenix which by the taste of their food, it is justified why they no longer exist. La Tiendita Cafe is a hidden gem! The first time I showed up I ordered the lunch special which comes with rotisserie chicken, white rice, and salad. The meal was fantastic and satisfying. I also ordered the beef empanada, and let me say, they make a mean empanada like the ones my grandmother made when I was a kid. I have returned several times and tried the "perico con chorizo" (eggs mixed with tomato, onions, and a Colombian sausage on the side). I have also ordered the "Picada" (An assortment of fried delicacies) along with "Pan de Bono" (A delicious moist bread treat) and the famous "Arepas". Everything taste so fresh and authentic. It's like having a little piece of Colombia in Mesa. German and his wife Marcela have been very friendly since the very first time I visited La Tiendita.  This is the place where you want to be for the World Cup! They have a fully stocked bar and several TV's to entertain and satisfy everyone. Don't hesitate to try this great representation of our Colombian cuisine and heritage.
This is a small Colombian Cafe with a very small Grocery and Gift Shop. They serve only Colombian Beverages and our waitress suggested getting a Juice that they blend with Ice or milk. I picked Passionfuit with Ice and it was delicious.  The waitress was very friendly and knew by looking at us that we weren't real familiar with Colombian Food and made suggestions for us so we went with them.  We started with a Arepa Con Quezo and it was tasty and tasted like a Corn Flour Pancake stuffed with Mild Stringy White Cheese. I think anybody would like it.  I had the Arroz Con Pollo. It was made with nicely cooked flavorful chicken,rice, red bell peppers, maybe yuca root, and that familiar frozen mix of Greenbeans, Peas, Carrots and Corn. The dish tasted good but had a high level of salt in it. Oddly this dish was topped with Ketchup (possibly a Colombian Thing I'm not familiar with). On the side were Seasoned Fries that seemed like from Frozen. The salad on the side was some iceberg and tomato.   Usually I'll give anyplace that prepares chicken well at least a four star rating but with all the frozen ingredients they used,  the salt, and the ketchup on top of food, I'm pushing my rating up to three stars and figure I just ordered the wrong thing for me.  3 Stars I'd give them another try when in the area.
This is a very nice local place to try .We are satisfied and will be back for sure.I had the Lunch special chicken rice and salad and my husband had the banjeda with 3 meats and loved it !It feel like Home food well Prepared with the perfect balance of seasoning! empanadas Are Delicious and fresh ! thanks again for this delicious Colombian meal!
First time eating here food was excellent great service and they have a full bar. Prices are really good well worth it.
This is a great place to get tasty Colombian cuisine. They are very friendly, they have big screens. The food is really good, and they have really good drinks. Great place to go for Latino food and have a change from Mexican food (which I love) but is so prevalent here in AZ. The food is not so spicy, but is very flavorful. It's in a small shopping center, so it has a store front feel to it, but it's worth a visit.
The service was very friendly, fast service the place wasn't too packed as I stopped by around 11am. The pupusas were somewhat thin and lacking cheese opposed to others I've eaten.
Bad Service. Bad Food. My boyfriend ordered a kolashampan and they were flat. Ugly interior with a sign that says Welcome To Gringo's. I ordered the plantains with cream and beans. These were the most watered down beans I ever had. Horrible. My boyfriend's egg had runny oil. Ugh. I wish I had a warning.
horrible service. horrible smell., the bathroom had no air freshener. no refills on water?!!?!?!?!?!   brought in coupon and they still made us pay full price.  no other customers there and the place looks like shit but they have $30,000 security system!?  i now know why everyone hates salvadorians
I woke up this morning craving a breakfast burrito. Fortunately just 3 days ago, a menu was left on our door for Cisco's Grill (with some great marketing I might add). Conveniently located right up the street from my house, I've been curious about this place since they opened! I strapped on my shoes and walked on over... upon entering I was greeted cordially and placed my order for a chorizo and egg burrito with cheese... The cook went to work and 5 minutes later I was holding a fresh hot burrito and a complimentary pineapple water! Cisco came out and introduced himself while I was waiting and chatted with me for a few minutes. Its clear to me that he's very passionate about his restaurant! The service is top notch!  The menu itself is fairly generic, typical burger and fries, tacos and burritos, but everything is so fresh and prepared well! I'd recommend this joint to anyone looking for a quick, inexpensive bite to eat!
I recently discovered this place while seeking out a place to have lunch while working in downtown Phoenix. Featured on an instant redeemable coupon app on my phone I decided to give the little guys a chance. Although slightly more expensive than a Mickey D's, its worth it. I got the "Frankenburger" which I believe was invented for shock value more than anything. It's a standard hamburger with the usual condiments but where it takes on a life of its own is the generous addition of ham. Not quite a cold cut, not quite a carver's select, but something in between. The whole thing is sandwiched between a bun (top AND bottom) that has been sliced and stuffed with with cheese. For a dollar more, you can order a half order of the self-proclaimed "Best" fries which is a sufficient helping of freshly sliced potato, fried and salted. Tasty, but being stuck in a Styrofoam to go box left them limp. I also got a Bean & Cheese burrito because they do claim to be a Latin American restaurant. I was too full after my burger, but by the looks of it, it could give any of the local "Bertos" a run for their money.
This place is great! It's like a step above Filiberto's. Their menu prices inside are not consistent with their online prices though. Still worth it and still delicious! The people that work there are very nice, and the atmosphere isn't too bad considering the neighborhood.   You definitely want to be careful when you're parking. The lot looks like it was extended and I noticed a couple of pieces of metal sticking out of the ground that could easily flatten your tire(s).   They have a great presence on yelp, which is how I found them in the first place, and offer some pretty good deals for yelp users! If you're in the downtown Phoenix area, check them out. You won't regret it!
The food here is pretty good.  I have been here a few times and tried different items each time and enjoyed them all.   The prices are decent as well.  The people that work there are super friendly and it has a nice dine in area with a flat screen tv.     If you work near the state capital complex it worth stopping by.
They lost a full star for truly awful service, however, the rest of the experience was good.   I have never had pupusas before, but have been wanting to try them.  I opted for the mixed pupusa, which had beans, cheese and pork.  The filling was seasoned well and came out piping hot.  I enjoyed the coleslaw-like curtido served along side.  Though it didn't have a ton of flavor on its own,  it was a wonderful textural contrast to the filling.  The restaurant was very clean, there was a "soccer" game on tv and there were scenic photos on the walls to put me in the mood for some ethnic cuisine. Really the only down side was some rude and extremely slow service.  There were only two tables when we entered, but they both left and for at least some of our meal, we had the place to ourselves.  However, our server was not very friendly or helpful when I explained I didn't know what pupusas were.  Then, our order took at least 15-20 minutes to arrive.  Once we were done, I tried to get our server's attention to ask for the bill, but that also took far longer than I would expect since I could easily see that the restaurant was not busy. The pupusas were only $1.75 each, which were quite the good deal since one was actually fine for a light lunch.
Simple and casual.  I like this place.  There's nothing fancy here. It's basically comfort food, Latino style.  I tried the mixed Pupusas.  It was different, but I'll definitely have it again. My main dish was the Salvadorian Arroz con Pollo, that tasted like any other.
Stumbled onto this place one day driving by and piqued my curiousity. I do love pupusas but it's been years since and the BF never had one.   We started off with some of their horchata which is Salvadorean style. That style is not milky cinnamon but had much more of a strong cinnamon, nutmeg and chocolate flavor to it. Liked it, but it was perhaps a bit too strongly flavored for me.   We got two pupusas - bean& cheese and the revueltas (mixed). Theirs was good and served piping hot. Curtido was nice and the chilled slaw with a hot pupusa was a really nice temperature and flavor contrast. I prefered the mixed one as that is what I'm used to eating in LA, the BF preferred the bean&cheese one.   BF ordered to share a garlic shrimp plate. The shrimp was fresh, cooked right and the seasoning was decent. It came with white rice, beans that were more liquidy/pasty, salad, tortillas (basically unfilled pupusas).   Service was decent enough.   I think I would come back here for the pupusas for sure. They're cheap, filling, and done really well here. Definitely, their namesake is solid.
I am a big fan of pupusas, I first got introduced to this restaurant at the eastern location, I have been going for about 10 years but it's a far drive from where I live so when they opened this one in the Northwest I was excited, the food is just as good but the service isn't so great! We didn't get the water we ordered, we had to remind the waitress and we got totally ignored when we wanted the bill, went up to the register to pay and was ignored again, food took a long time, waitress only checked up on use once, so overall great food and terrible service! Otherwise I'd give the 5 stars!
Fantastic Salvadorian Fair!  I'm so happy to see this in my neighborhood! My husband is from El Salvador and craves foods from his homeland.  When we tried this place out, we had several bean and cheese pupusas, horchata (salvadorian of course) corn tamales and black beans. The corn tamales where a little dry, but still very good. The pupusas were the best!
the pupusas are great, but the fish not so good it was over cooked
I have to be honest their popusas were good , but sadly I got a hair in my salad :(... Well I guess it happens
Everything is good!  A must try!
I decided to come back to this place and forget about my last experience. I tried the bistre encebollado for only 8 buscks! Great flavor, good service and no hairs on my food! Lol! I will def come back to this place !
Prices are good.  My favorite pups as in Vegas.  Their beans are great!
If your looking for authentic delicious pupusas this is the place to be! The food is great and affordable. The restaurant is very neat and well kept.
so good that  we have one close, my husband love there pupusas
Love pupusas great is soo close to my place. We r going all the time, place an order by phone is saving u a lot of time waiting. .
A delicious, cheap alternative to your usual latin american cuisine.   What I'd order here: Plantains and a pupusa or two. Who I'd take here: Friends for a work lunch. A date who likes trying new things. Comparable to: Nothing that I know of. This is my first Salvadorian cuisine. Notes: This is a local chain restaurant.   Food Quality: 5 I've been here once. We ordered the plantains, the yucca and pork, and three different types of pupusas. The plantains were great, and about $5. The pupusas were the first ever I had tried. For those who do not know, a pupusa is best described to other Americans as a stuffed tortilla--the taco stuffing is put into the tortilla and it is fried like that. It's kind of like a tortilla/empanada. They fry them on the spot, so they're extremely good. Put some salad on top of it and eat it like a taco. Each pupusa is $1.75, and you probably really need only one or two to make a meal. The yucca was alright. It also cost roughly $5. It was more interesting than tasty, and the pork that came with it was dry. If you wanted to order a few items on the menu that were specifically Salvadorian, I would advise you to stick to the pupusas and plantains.  +1 great pupusas. +1 amazing price.  Service Quality: 3 When I came this place was pretty empty, so the service was extremely quick. Otherwise the service was on par. +1 quick.  Location, Cleanliness and Ambiance: 2 This is a sit-down restaurant, not a fast-food restaurant. They decorated the place with paintings of El Salvador. The bathrooms needed some help: they had no hand towels or toilet tissue. Overall the bathrooms were divey and contradicted how nice they had kept the dining area. -1 dirty bathrooms.  How I rate: I have 3 categories, and each category starts at 3 points. For each item where I am impressed, they get 1 point; disappointed, lose one point.  Overall rating: round(average(ratings)) = round(3.7) =  4
This restaurant is Salvadoreño first, Mexican second. I ordered two pupusas revueltas -- bean, cheese and chicharron (pork) -- and one with chicken. I liked the revueltas slightly more but both were very good. The texture was excellent -- crispy on the edge. Service was friendly.  The horchata is the Salvadorean type that tastes a bit like black licorice. It's an acquired taste if you're used to Mexican horchata.  On a side note, the nachos my cousin ordered were good too.
Love love love their Pupusas!! I live down the street and used to make my husband bring some home for me when I was pregnant! I love their curtido y salsa de tomate. My husband loves their carne con yuca!
Be prepared to wait a while here (15-20 mins for 3 pupusas, beans and rice) or call in over the phone so you're order will be ready when u get there. This is my 2nd time here, and they make the food as you order, so u get piping hot, fresh pupusas! U can see them making the dough, and forming them as you order. What I like are that they also have vegetarian pupusas, which most places do not, and if they do its just bean/ cheese. This place had "sucini" ones among others which is how they spelled "zucchini" and it was delicious! Also, prices are really great for what I order!
OMG, the casamientos (breakfast plate) and the pupusas are soooo yummy AND cheap!!  My favorite combination, LOL.  I've tried the different burritos but they are too different from what I am used to (i.e. Mexican style) but the breakfast plates and the pupusas make up for it.  We take our daughter to the Gymboree right next door and always get something to go from here =)
I had lunch at Las Popusas. My first time there with two ladies from the office. It is a great Salvadorian lunch spot. No bells or whistles it just about the food. You can not beat it as a value proposition. The server was friendly and our order was prompt and very tasty. I had two pupusas. One beans and cheese and the other with chicken. I enjoyed them both. Again this is not fancy place but if you are open to good lunch spot this is it. We all had two popusas and a drink total bill just under $25.00
Onion steak was incredible!  Came for lunch, didn't wait long.  Will definitely be returning!
Stopped in to grab some dinner to go and glad I did! Ordered some pupusas and plantains, the wait wasn't bad at all and definitely worth it since they make it all fresh once you order. These pupusas are the real deal...delicious! Oh yea, and talk about cheap! We will be back.
Embarrassing. No chicken? We got here at 5:15, and the waitress told us that they had run out of chicken.   Service was OK, and the food provided in replacement for our Chicken Pupusas was decent. I would avoid this place if possible; multiple other superior pupusas joints exist in town. I would highly recommend SalvaMex.
Stopped by to pick up dinner. Wait time was about 15-20 min but definitely worth the wait. Ordered a couple of pupusas and platanos fritos to go and they were made fresh which is why there was a small wait time. I would recommend calling ahead if planning to pick up an order. The staff was very friendly and the restaurant itself was really clean. Ended up being a great dinner option and paid less then 15 dollars for 2 people! Very affordable and with every penny.
Food was great but the service sucked!  Snobby ass girl took our order didn't even come once to check how we were doing waited ten mins till finally someone asked if we wanted our check.
My friend who is from El Salvador introduced me to pupusas and I have been trying to get my fix since then and I found it here. The wait is about 25 mins for an order of pupusas but is worth every minute !! If your in a rush call ahead and place a order. Service was friendly and over all great we will diffidently come again !!
I went to this restaurant tonight 5/10/14, & had the worst experience of my life . We ordered 2 shrimp cocktails and one bean pupusa. We got the cocktails first and they tasted like pure tap water. It was disgusting! I tried adding lemon and salt to it to cover that horrible flavor & it just didn't work. So I just didn't eat it . My husbands was the exact same . When the pupusa came to the table it was still raw! The masa was not throughly cooked and was super mushy! When we told the lady that it was still raw she gave us a snotty look and said she would try cooking it again, we declined the offer and ordered a chicken tamale instead, It wasn't the best but it was actually eatable.  Don't go here! Horrible food, and a rude staff!
The food is good but the service isn't worth it. I would say unless you're spanish speaking... this place isn't where you want to go; ESPECIALLY when you're hungry and or diabetic and it's been hours since you last ate/drank.   the girl who took our order didn't speak any english, i mean NONE. i understand its an el salvadorian place and I'm perfectly accepting of the fact that english may be a 2nd language but to speak zero english is rough for the customer.   she stood at our table and didn't say anything, she just stared at us. then she asked me if i spoke spanish, which i don't cause i'm Filipino not Latin, I told her no, then gave her my order.    I wanted 2 papusas and a coke, i said it slow (without being rude) and i even pointed at the picture; again she asked me if i spoke spanish, still no. Then my boyfriend said his order: carnitas burrito... she looked at me and said "que" - so i repeated it exactly a little bit slower this time "carrrrr-niitas burrito"  we got our order: my bf got his burrito, i got 1 papusa. nothing to drink. as which point i repeated, i wanted 1 coke and 1 more papusa. she smiled and nodded. still, I got nothing. she stared at me from across the room and every time i looked up to see if she was going to bring me a coke, she looked down at the floor. no coke ever came and that 2nd papusa -- forget about it.   we were one of 3 tables occupied... so it wasn't busy. it wasn't loud, it wasn't anything... there was no excuse for the horrible service. 'Coke' as a brand is thee most popular product in the galaxy...  there should have been no reason why she shouldn't understand that when i said coke, it meant, please bring me one, not, i just like to say the word. To top it off, I'm diabetic so by this point it had been 8 hours since the last time i had anything to drink or eat so al i really needed the sugar, i was starting to shake and feel faint.   i understand that not everyone speaks english but if you're going to hire people to take orders for your restaurant, that person should really have a basic understanding of the language or at least some sense to put two and two together.
Good food that fills you up quickly, like their prices too.
Very nice staff and service. Very low key place. Never had pupusas before so decided to try it. I thought it was more like a flour tortilla. It seems more like a thick corn tortilla which I personally do not care for. We tried the mixed option. They were somewhat tasty but I just did not care for the corn texture. Beans were runny. They were also a bit on the greasy side but that may be how it is supposed to be.
As soon as I entered I knew I should had taken into the account the reviews talking about the service. Not even a "hello, sit anywhere" nothing. Not even a hello. After we ordered the food, the lady never came back to check on us. Not coming back to this place ever again.
All I can say is WOW!! The food and service was amazing!! It's not in the best location, but the food is amazing!!!!!!!!
Yeah, this place is awesome. They're slinging fabulous grilled chicken with warm corn tortillas, thick, crispy, freshly fried tortilla chips, and super tasty pinto beans. I think this place will likely supplant El Pollo Supremo as my go-to joint except when I want beef as well.  The menu is very limited including chicken and a burger and that's it, but they are doing what most restaurants haven't figured out, that they shouldn't try to be all things to all diners, they just do the thing that they do better than the guy down the street does it.  Stick it, Colonel, this is finger lickin' good.
Poor, poor, Pollo Sabroso.  They have the unfortunate distinction of being in the exact same niche as the incomparable, untouchable "El Pollo Supremo" on University in Tempe, which means they are going to be directly compared to the godfathers of mesquite mexican cookery, and Sabroso is bound to end up in 2nd place.  But, that said, this place is good.  Quite good, as a matter of fact, and I would have no problem stopping in with my family for meals in the future, even though El Pollo Supremo is just a few miles farther.  I definitely think there is enough to distinguish Sabroso from its competitors to make it a unique experience.  Chicken portions are good sized and fairly apportioned (you don't get stuck with just a neck and a wing in a 2-piece meal), and very well cooked, but much more subject to gristly weirdness than Supremo.  The seasoning and style is somewhat different, too, and while I prefer Supremo's drier red-smoke flavor, I could certainly respect other's opinions that prefer the warm, moist and mild flavors of Sabroso.  Supremo is a dry but superb assault on the senses with smoke and sodium, Sabroso seems to aim for tender and moist succulence.    I think I dined here many years ago when it was under different ownership and the menu was all over the place, and the chicken back then was poor to fair.  Now, perhaps taking a hint from Supremo, Sabroso has signifcantly cut its menu down to the essentials (think whole chicken, 1/2 chicken, quarter chicken, and the essential sides and a couple quirky add ons) and that kind of laser-focus hopefully will keep them in business a long time as they perfect their chicken, and the Sabroso folks REALLY have improved the quality of the chicken compared to the last guys (Correatado?).    Sabroso does have some tasty sides, and a good number of them, and their salsa is quite special, although not quite as good as Supremo's cold-pureed salsa.  I especially like the smoked jalapeno, and I wasn't sure what to make of it at first, but when I was done I considered it to be an integral and awesome component of the plate.  Good stuff!  The beans and rice are on par with the best of any authentic mexican eatery.  I do think the folks at Sabroso are a bit more service oriented than at Supremo, so for the uninitiated, the overall dining experience may be better at Sabroso.  The guys at Sabroso actually seem to like to talk about their food and their concept, while the masters slaving over the red coals at Supremo seem WAYYYYY too busy and removed to deal with the little people.  Hey, artists at work, do not disturb!  The staff is friendly and informative at both places, but Supremo has more of a feel of a roach coach that just happens to be inside of a building, while Sabroso embraces the general restaurant and service concept better.    So, in the ultimate final summary of the Sabroso / Supremo Smackdown:  CHICKEN:  Supremo ***** Sabroso ***1/2 SIDE QUALITY:  Supremo ****1/2 Sabroso **** SIDE CREATIVITY:  Supremo *** Sabroso **** SIDE PORTIONS:  Supremo *** Sabroso **** LOCATION:  Supremo *** Sabroso *1/2 DESIGN/ATMOSPHERE:  Supremo ** Sabroso **1/2 SERVICE:  Supremo *** Sabroso ****  FINAL SCORE:  Its all about the chicken at these dives!  SUPREMO *****, SABROSO ****  But Sabroso is certainly highly recommended.  Skip your next night at Carlos O'Briens, Carolinas or Miguels and try something really special!  Bon appetit!
Newly opened in the old Vitamin T space, this place is as fun, if not more so, then there Camelback Esplanade location, with it more brightly colored palette. Be sure to try their empanadas. They're nontraditional, but are colorful, flavorful and oh so yummy!
We biked down after work today to try out fuego's newest restaurant, and if you know me at all though, you know my real motivation was the froyo next door. It was the "let's try out the new Fuego" that convinced my wife to go. ;)  Fuego cityscape brings you a collection of the best of their options from their collective menus. We came in during happy hour and shared the pork quesadilla and chicken street tacos. The food is eerily similar to fuego taco and fuego bistro, but I can't say much about how it relates to fuego cantina in north phoenix, since i've not been there yet myself. If you're a fan of Bistro or Taco, you'll definitely enjoy the food here also.  The pork quesadilla was definitely a winner, not sure what was in the sauce which topped the juicy roasted pork, but it was sweet, tasty and defintiely worth ordering. The chicken tacos were a solid choice, but I'll likely skip them and try something different next time.  There's not too much room for them to work with in this new location, but they did ok with the space. The ambiance isn't exactly what I was expecting from Fuego, it's sort of a mall food court chic, or qdoba / chipotle looking layout. The soda dispenser is out in the middle of the dining area, and what looked to be a counter over looking the kitchen area. I wasn't sure at first if we were supposed to sit then order, order then sit, fill our own cups, wait to be seated - I'm thinking they are likely utilizing the space from the last tenant (vitimin t tacos) with no modifications.The wait staff happliy directed us to a table and began asking about drinks and food, wich eased my over all confusion.   And no, I didn't have to fill my own drink glass.  Over all, I loved the food, but wasn't too excited about the ambiance and layout. It seems to be setup to suit more of an on the go lunch crowd than an after work or evening dining experience. If I come back again, I'll likely try the meatloaf sliders, also a happy hour deal at $6. Who doesn't like a good meatloaf?
We just moved into a loft apt in downtown phoenix and we figured we would walk down to Vitamin T for dinner this past Saturday.  Much to our surprise it was gone...and a new restaurant in its place, there was a sidewalk sign stating "Soft Opening 5pm. At first we were hesitant but figured we could wait the 25mins and swing back by...and are we glad we did!!  We noticed the tables outside were not barren and had plants on them, we walked in the door to a much more inviting and relaxing atmosphere than we were used to at Vitamin T.  We were greeted by this rotund man with a big smile, turns out it wasnt an employee..but the owner of all three Fuego restaurants - Jeff.  He proceeded to welcome us and seat us at a table and give us a short rundown on the restaurant.  All food was 50% off because it was their opening night, and were getting the staff trained.  We looked over the menu and decided to go with the Empanadas to start, then I ordered the Fuego Meatloaf, with black beans and sauteed veggies and my companion went with the Short Rib Ropa Vieja, with the green chile au gratin potatoes.   The food was amazing!! other than they forgot about our Empanadas (which they gave us for free) the flavors were outstanding.  The dinner was made complete by a slice of their Key lime pie, which was sensational!!    Great Food...Great atmosphere... definitely reccomending Fuego Cityscape to all my foodie friends!!!
Delicious Chile Relleno!
I'll start by saying the food is delicious. If I was judging on food alone, it would get five stars. So why only 3?  I had a living social deal and a 20% off coupon. We couldn't use them together. Fine. However, we couldn't use either on the happy hour. Seriously?  I wanted to try the tacos, but they were only on the happy hour or lunch menu. It was dinner time. So, to get tacos and not some ridiculously overpriced dinner entree, I had to do happy hour, which means I couldn't do the living social deal or coupon. Oh, and I had to eat on the patio. Happy hour is patio only.   The place was DEAD. And I had to eat out in the sun to try these darn tacos everyone raves about. I couldn't just enjoy the tacos inside? Really?  To top it off, the server was so apathetic. From not being able to use any deals to forcing me to eat outside all so I could try their tacos, he was the most ungracious and unapologetic server.  I would just assume this was the Fuego attitude, but then I went to Fuego Cantina (a place currently not receiving the best reviews) and received: 1.) phenomenal service 2.) happy hour specials INDOORS 3.) ability to use my living social deal on everything, including the specials.  UPDATE (July 11, 2012): Fuego done did some revising to their menu, happy hour, and service. You can now do happy hour indoors. Their menu includes tacos at dinner time. And the prices are monumentally cheaper. The first time I went the chipotle chicken pasta dish was $18. Now it is $11.   Additionally, the servers were much nicer. And they let me use my Living Social deal even though my drinks and appetizer were off the happy hour menu.  Nice job, Fuego!
I FINALLY made it to a Fuego. I can never make it Fuego Bistro when it's open and I've heard some lackluster things about Fuego Tacos. Fortunately I now have Fuego Cityscape just a few blocks from where I work where Vitamin T used to be.  I had a tasty Carne Asada quesadilla that consisted of meat, cheese and some tasty veggies that all came with a kick. This was accompanied by chipotle sour cream. Between that, the salsa and the side of guac that I ordered, there was just not enough quesadilla to enjoy all the great dipping options.  This also came with tasty rice and black beans which, to my surprise were delicious. because I HATE black beans (they go against everything I raised to believe was good Mexican food according to my East L.A. Nana)  The inside is cheerful and decorated with local art and the people that work there are friendly. I need to come back for Happy Hour methinx. Another good addition to Cityscape.
Another great Fuego restaurant!  I was disappointed when Vitamin T closed, but so glad to see that a Fuego restaurant took its place.  I enjoyed the cubano sliders and a peach mojito today...yummy!  Great location in Cityscape too!
I was very impressed with this new Fuego!  I can't say that I care much for their location at the Esplanade - but since this new location is close to home and work, I had to give it a try and am glad I did!  It is a full service restaurant and Fuego does a much better job with the space than the previous tenant ever did. It is still small but they fit about 10 tables in without making you squeeze next to strangers, there is also a decent patio for those lovely summer nights.  The veggie tacos were fantastic and come with a flavorful chipotle cream sauce, they reminded me of the Ticoz tacos, before they went downhill. They have several vegetarian options on the menu in addition to the tacos.   Fuego is on a pricey side for the downtown business lunch crowd, around $10 a plate.  I wish they had smaller lunch specials in the $7 range.
No stars! This place is serving up rodents!  Picture this. First time visitors, myself and fiance(he has been there) sitting alone in the whole place and while waiting for my food I see a mouse scurry into a hole in the floor close to the drink dispenser.. I freak out because I am scared of rodents and the waitress comes to see what the commotion was about. I explained to her as I proceeded to move to another area still willing to give the food a shot because kitchen was located on opposite side of the place.. Disappointed again, Torta bread was hard and cold. Did not communicate this to the waitress, as I thought the mouse was enough for a comp! She tells us after giving us the check that the owner said he was going to have someone come out.... $3 discount given...  This place will not last, too many delicious tortas and tacos out there.. THUMBS DOWN!
I am a huge Fuego fan, and have frequented Fuego Bistro in North Central Phoenix and Fuego Cantino in North West Phoenix.  Fuego Cityscape is downstairs from the downtown Gold's Gym where me and my friend exercise (then go to Fuego for a glass of Zinfandel, which is excellent, and something delicious for dinner).  My favorite is the Chile Rellenos - honestly, the best I have ever had, although everything on their menu is delicious, with generous portions.  The manager is very friendly and helpful, and we always have a great time going to this location - which is getting to be about 2-3x per week!!  I definitely need to do more cardio...
We have been to Fuego Bistro SEVERAL times, and it FAR outweighs the CityScape location.  Besides the fact that Bistro has better food options, CityScape clearly squeezed into someone else's old business space.  We had to sit down a dark hall, more or less on top of the people next to us, and 6 inches from the emergency exit.  The drink dispenser sits in the middle of the dining room, as if you are at Subway, and their wines are stacked up on a metal rack from Home Depot in the middle of the room also.  Our waitress couldn't keep any part of our order straight...thought all we were ordering was nachos when we told her we also wanted dinner, then seemed surprised that we were sharing them (they are an APPETIZER, hello?!).  Every time she brought food or drinks, she got them backwards, which, whatever, we can swap them, but it made the whole place feel sloppy.  Food was meh.  We will continue to go to Bistro for SURE...their employees may be quirkier, but at least they are good at their jobs and the food there is WAYYYY better!
If I was going to base this place on my first visit, it wouldn't have been very positive. Initially, I planned to stop by, get some tacos and head back to the office. Instead, a client brought me back to his table and we dined together. The tacos lacked the second tortilla to hold the contents together and left me wanting something more substantial. However, on a return trip, I ordered the Cubano sandwich was Fuego CityScape was redeemed. Packed with meats and warmed under a press, this was the perfect size to fill my empty belly. Additionally, the generous portion of crispy sweet potato fries could be shared with coworkers. Everyone's happy. And I'm looking forward to going back. Yea, Fuego!!
Awesome food and drinks! Park right around the corner in the garage and have them validate your pass for 2 free hours!!
Been to Fuego CityScape a few times now and both were great.  Southwest Meatloaf sliders rocked!  Also have tried the Empenadas and they were delicious.  My co-worker usually gets the Cubano sandwich which he says is top notch.  Yes, the space is a little awkward, but you go in, sit down and eat...not sure what other reviewers are looking for.  Service has been freindly and helpful during my visits.  Keep it up Fuego!
My roommate and I stopped by here  on a Saturday night with my groupon to see how this Fuego is holding up. I've been to Fuego Bistro before, and it was amazing, so this one at CityScape had a lot to live up to.  I'd say this place gets less than 5 stars based on atmosphere. The place kind of feels like a cafeteria and the vibe from the entire patron situation is just bleh. The best part about the atmosphere was my own company and that of our server, Brandon, who was really helpful and chatty.  Also, while my roommate got the Chile Relleno, which was okay in my opinion, I had the Fuego Tacos with pernil (which apparently is pork), and they were delicious. I absolutely loved and devoured them.   Some other key points: The drinks were very tasty and parking is very easy. We parked at a meter (which is free after 5p), and I'm told they can validate the parking ticket for the underground parking.  Overall, I'd come back here. I wouldn't go here for a sexy date or if looking for something fancy, but definitely for a tasty dinner with great service.
Great night for patio dining. Where to go? Downtown has a new batch of restaurants with patio spaces. With the break in the heat I decided to head to City Scape. Days before pay day, some of the options were a little too "downtown" in pricing. Fuego was the perfect candidiate. Featuring a full bar and reasonably priced menu, I gave it a go.  The premium margarita is very tasty. I ordered the chile relleno for dinner. It is tasty, though I personally could do with a better chicken, black bean, cheese ratio. The chicken was not as prevalent as the cheese and beans. I would forgo the size for less beans and cheese inside. But the flavor was good. Not stellar, but good.  The atmosphere (save for the soda machine in the middle) was good and dessert... The key lime... FANTASTIC...   The location, patio and $6 menu items on the patio should ultimately make this a great place to hang out. I plan to come back, and taste my way through the rest of the menu.
Really love local places that aren't chains. I love Fuego Bistro so I wanted to try this place. We stopped by before a Diamondbacks game. I'm glad we did! The  Happy Hour prices were great and the food really a great value for what you get. I was happy to try this little gem. A great place to meet friends for a yummy drink and some good food!
This place was really quite the surprise! We enjoyed a great ethnic cornbread appetizer and some really awesome tapas. Will come back for sure
Really mediocre.  I've been here half a dozen times.  I live downtown, so like to give every restaurant downtown a fair shake.    They don't ruin anything.  Setting is just okay enough to not be terrible.  Service is poor, but they smile just enough to show that they are somehow trying, if misguided.  Food is just tasty enough that you finish your plate.  Basically, anything with Pernil Asado, their specialty dr. pepper slow stewed beef, is going to be good.  Pretty much everything else sucks.  Their nachos at 11 are small, weirdly not hot, and taste like I ordered them at an airport bar.  Their drinks and beer are okay, just expensive.  Basically, that is the bottom line.  If the food cost $2 bucks less per plate, it would be probably worth it as expectations would be lower.   So... eat here if you are downtown and nothing else seems to be open, but surely don't drive downtown for this place.   Lots of better options in Cityscape and around it.  They do have a pretty happening, cool patio on Friday and Saturday months during the cooler times, like mid Oct.
Looked for a place to grab some eats and a couple of drinks before the Jason Mraz show. At 5:30 most places filling up with longer waits as we had a party of 8.  Found this place and they seated us quickly. Waitress was friendly, but service a bit slow. I only noticed two servers working, and with the concert and a Diamondbacks game going on at the same time, you think they would have been staffed a little better.  Ordered drinks. I asked for a Modelo, got a Negra Modelo. Still good, but not what I asked for. My wife ordered a Vodka/Cranberry (they were out of cranberry juice!) so she went with a Mojito. Now I like a good Mojito, but it's pretty poor when there's no rum and no sugar (this tasted like mint water, terrible) she ended up with a glass of the house white wine. One of our friend ordered a vanilla vodka with club soda and only enough vodka for a slight hint of vanilla. At least that was an easy fix with an extra shot.  The food itself was good. We had street tacos(chicken) and empanadas. Both good. The Chile Relleno was tasty as well.   Some good food, some poor drinks, and some friendly, but slow service.
Been here twice now and loved it! Two of the best mojitos i've ever had. The cocktails are definitely worth ordering. The food, same category. I've tried 4 different dishes off the menu and they were all fantastic. Great service, even when it was super busy. Try it!
Smaller than appears in pics.  Nice tho.  Friendly staff, good food, yummy Drinks.  No complaints
I came here with my husband before the Yelp Cocktail Society at Lustre Bar. It was very close by, and there was a Living Social deal available so I figured it would be a great time to try out one of my bookmarks.  Things got off to a rocky start. The place was empty except one table on the patio, but we had to request the preoccupied to server to actually serve us. Then we were told they were out of Negro Modelo. Como?  My veggie tacos were delicious, and I really liked the rice. The beans could have used more seasoning. My husband thought his carne asada tacos were just ok.  I would come back for some happy hour veggie tacos and people watching on the patio when the weather is nice.
I came here by myself on a Thursday during happy hour, since sadly none of my, "friends" had the time or desire to join me!! :(  Well, they missed out!!! This place is perky, colorful and clean. I had the chicken tacos from the HH Menu as well as a Prickly Pear Mojito and that was spectacular, and to top it all off I indulged myself with a Milk Chocolate Tres Leches Cake. and that was just okay!!! I've made and had way better ones'!!!   Overall, great little place. and hopefully next time I will bring someone along!!!  My server was great, She was very attentive and well knowledged on the menu items!!! Great place!! ***   You deserve an A++  :)
The BF and I went here the other night to use a Groupon. The experience overall was alright. We got there and the place had 1-2 tables filled on the patio. I ordered the chile relleno and it was good. It had a nice crispy outside and was filled with beans, chicken, and cheese. The BF got the empanadas which were not so good. They had a weird flavor and the ground beef tasted sort of plain...nothing special about it. Overall, the place is ok and I would go again if I were at Cityscape, but I wouldn't make a special trip to go there.
After a yelp event some fellow yelpers and myself landed at Fuego after receiving no service at all at two of its neighboring establishments.  I'm glad we did.  There was only one server working this particular night and she handled the sudden influx of hungry people with grace!   I really enjoyed the chicken Fuego tacos and cubano sliders.  My iced tea was good too!   I will be back.
Limited menu but that's a plus here.  Been here twice; it's not the most spacious or stylish place, but the service and food has been top notch both times.  Awesome lunch spot downtown.
The food here is delicious and follows suit with the other Fuego establishments. The place is fairly small and gets a crowd before events downtown. Both times I've been here, they only have one server on staff. He seems to get the job done, but be warned that if 3 tables just walked in ahead of you, you'll be waiting til he takes care of them before getting to your order. This is totally fair, and I'm not complaining, but don't say I didn't warn ya.  I loved the Fuego pasta with the spicy sausage and my companions all loved the tacos. Everyone enjoyed the sangria... Red, white, and the remix (both mixed.)  This place is always an option when looking for a bite at the City Scape, just make sure you plan ahead and give yourself enough time.
While the prices are a little high (if it wasn't for Happy Hour, I would have blanched at the prices) the service was very friendly and the food was good. We got three HH plates at $6 each - chicken street tacos, Fuego nachos and the meatloaf sliders.  The meatloaf was a little spicier than I could handle (I'm really sensitive when it comes to hot spices) but the nachos and tacos were awesome.  Three plates and a margarita came to about $26, with the nachos being the best deal. I wouldn't go out of my way to get here but it's a nice spot downtown.
Visited for lunch.  Not a huge dining area, but we just beat the rush.  Had the empanadas appetizer.  It was pretty good.  I had the green chile burger with the sweet potato chile fries.  The burger was tasty but it could have been a little spicier.  The fries were sweet, but not too sweet.  Husband had the pernil torta.  He really liked it.  Prices were reasonable.  Our waitress was friendly, informative about the menu and took care of us.  I actually prefer Fuego CityScape over Fuego Tacos and Fuego Bistro.
Nice add to the CityScape landscape. If you are going for a weekday lunch, go early.  It is pretty small inside and it can fill up quick.  For that same reason I wouldn't suggest going with groups larger than four.  The patio is great if it is nice outside (as it is most of the year, that's why we live here, right?).  There are great happy hour and patio food specials.  Oh, and just like the home location (Fuego Bistro) a few miles north, the food is mighty tasty!  A bit smaller of a menu, but still oh-so delicious!  If you are a meat eater, whatever you do, whatever you decide to order, PUT THE PERNIL ON IT!  This is delicious shredded pork that you won't want to stop eating!  The cornbread is a winner.  The quesadillas are good too.  Salads, tacos, tostadas, margaritas, and beer.  What else do you need on a beautiful AZ patio?    The staff is friendly and always ready with a recommendation, which I appreciate.  When I'm new to a place I usually find myself trying to decide between two or three items.  When I ask for some help (i.e. their opinion) in making my decision, the most unhelpful answer is "well, it really depends on what you're in the mood for."  Anyway, they haven't said that to me here!    In fact, my go-to dish came from a staff recommendation.  It's not listed on the menu, however they will happily oblige.  My advice is to order the Fuego Salad . . . AND PUT THE PERNIL ON IT!  Yum!
Awesome place to head before heading off to a Sun's game. In fact, since the Sun's no longer win much any more.. head back at the half if they continue to lose?! Okay..I kid!!! No ...Not Jason Kidd.  We wandered into Fuego and got the last seat on the pation about 2 hours before the game mid week. Awesome happy hour with alot of good drink and menu choices. Better yet the drinks we had were strong. Maybe a little too strong! I had the "Remix Sangria" ... A mix of red and white sangria. My boyfriend, a pomegranate mojito also on the hh menu. Good stuff. Strong stuff. Our apps that we made into dinner were the empanadas:  a mixture of beef within pastry ,  big and hearty! The Fuego nachos with carnitas, very good sized portion . Nothing too special or out of the ordinary. The Cubano sliders, our very favorite. Could have easily passed on the nachos and did another order of sliders. I found the empanadas a little interesting. I have traveled to Puerto Rico several times and didn't find them to be authentic. I found them good tho! In PR, they are much smaller and these almost reminded me of a peroshki dish I had in Russia once. No matter. It was good. Not that expensive for four drinks and 3 generous sized appetizers at a cool place with a super nice waiter.
Good Food, Good Drinks, Good Prices, Good Service.  Whats not to like?
No one greeted me. Took a few minutes to be asked for something to drink.  When my food was served I asked for a side of salsa. I waited 30 minutes, never even being checked in on once during that time . Finally I interrupted a waiter to ask for it again. By that time my food as cold. I've been waiting for another 30 min just pay my bill. Food was good Waitress tried.. But c'mon!
"Like".  In fact "Like Very Much." Substantial portions of full flavored foods at reasonable prices made ridiculously so by frequent online coupons.  Remember the name is "Fuego".  As befits the name, there's at least a bit of flame in almost every dish.  Not unpleasantly hot but those of me with post-middle-aged gringo stomach might be well advised to bring their own pink bismuth shooter before partaking of the (really good) Fuego chipotle meat loaf.  Lactose impaired, bring your tablets for the Fuego pasta, my favorite, a nicely mildly spicy cheesy-but-not-nauseatingly-rich helping sufficient for a decent meal for two or leftovers for tomorrow's lunch - if you can stop yourself from eating the whole thing!    Staff is consistently friendly and amazingly fast on their feet.  Informal, urban feel. Outdoor dining out front, right on 1st Street, is great on comfortable nights other than the free side order of guilt drizzled with irritation laced with extra guilt at being irritated, as I sit with my big generous plate in front of me, stuffing face and am approached by first, second, and then third panhandler, all slightly ragged and hungry, or at least claiming to be so. Felt like the moustachio'd glutton Julie Andrews was watching through the window before she passed out from hunger in . . .  well, whatever that movie was.
Small place but good food and good service, they went out of their way to accomodate my group of 15 people! Incredible, thank you!
Food = 5 stars Layout and issues = -2 stars  I cannot say I've had one thing from here that wasn't great.  My favorite thing to get is the Green Chile Cornbread!  Sweet green chile cornbread drowned in this chunky salsa type stuff with shredded pernil.  I didn't know what pernil was before but now I cannot do without it at least twice a month.  Fuego's is so tender...so flavorful.  And on top of this cornbread, its just absurd.  I could eat this anytime, any day.  Speaking of pernil, the first thing I had here was the Pernil Torta.  Actually, a coworker let me taste a little piece and I ranted on that whole day about how good it was.  Its just that it has this specific taste that my grandmother's pork ribs had.  I thought I'd never get that taste again, and who knew it'd be at a Mexican place.  The only complaint with this sandwich is the bread...i don't like it.  It doesn't...go.  If this was on texas toast, i would be eating one right now.  I've also tried the tacos and the nachos.  Both offer a lot of food.  The tacos are on par with any good taco I've had.  The nachos are huge and got a lot of different good flavors going on.  I'd recommend either.  My second favorite thing to get here are the empanadas.  The only empanada i ever knew anything about was Taco Bell's desert ones.  These ain't that.  These have beef, cheese, peppers, stuff, more stuff and some other stuff in this perfect pocket crusty flaky thing.  And there is a sweetness to it all that makes these irresistible.  I am always torn between these or the cornbread.  The value is normal downtown stuff.  You do get a large amount of food, though...so you shouldn't feel sour after you shell out at least $10 bucks for lunch.  You'll probably have leftovers (yeah right).  The staff are always friendly, although they are really busy all the time.  I've had to stand around a lot even after waiting to come in after I call ahead.  Standing around wouldn't be so bad if the layout of the place didn't suck.  This is another booties-in-my-plate type setup, where customers have no choice but to hover around diners and their meals.  No matter where you stand, you end up dancing the cha-cha trying to get out of the servers' and other customers' way.  The drink station is right in a high-traffic area, so everybody is in everybody's way all the time.  It helps to sit outside where you can people watch.  This is a frequent place for me on the lunch list.  I can't stay away from that cornbread!
I dont think I will go here again. The menu is pretty slim, the cuban sandwich was on bread that was not firm enough and they used processed cheese. The service was good it was just not good food for me.
I never got a chance to try Vitamin T at this location, but the Mexican fare on the menu drew me in for a quick lunch in the downtown Phoenix area. On the plus side, the service was fast and efficient and the food was reasonably priced. On the minus side, we somehow managed to get seated at the one table outdoors that lacked an umbrella. During Phoenix's summer months, this is not a trivial matter. And if you're a bald guy who neglected to bring his hat, you can actually scorch your melon (which I did after eating here).  I ordered the Pernil Torta and found it somewhat tasty, but the food here seems to lack a little finesse. Other than the slow-cooked pork and some chopped red cabbage on my sandwich, there was little else. Although the pernil was garlicky and interesting, I felt it was one-note. It needed an acidic and/or creamy counterpoint. I think I asked for a side of ranch dressing and doctored my sandwich so that it was more agreeable. The sweet potato fries that the sandwich came with were a bit confused too. Although they were delightfully crispy, they were served with ketchup. Sweet potato fries plus sweet ketchup equals sweet sweet bleh! And since the pork on the sandwich tended towards sweet, this meal really required some dedication to get through.  I think they need to concentrate on those details that will make the food here better. I can say that they need to seriously consider what will taste good, what flavors balance together, and what people like to eat (hint: maybe more fresh ingredients instead of relying on pre-cooked batches of food that are dispensed onto bread posthaste). The food here has potential, but the lack of attention to detail and flavor stands in the way of making this a restaurant that I can recommend.
Only thing saving this from 1 star is the food actually tastes pretty good...they get that part right.  Have been here 3 or 4 times for the food, but consistently slow service.  There are lots of specials and coupons you can get for here, but lots of made up rules for example: I had like a $5 off coupon.  I ordered my regular priced meal which was $10+ after a drink, my friend ordered her meal off of the happy hour menu. They charged her full price + $3 to add like 2 little strips of chicken to her nachos (which she didn't tell us about until the bill came).  The server refused to split the bill even though my regular priced menu item way more than covered the value of the coupon...just terrible service consistenly.  Pros: Taste of food  Cons: Everything else
I was there during a busy evening as Fleetwood Mac was in town so just about every food establishment was packed.  We were able to get a table for 4 in 20 minutes. The wait staff was quick, friendly and efficient. I ordered the Fuego tacos, which were ok but very messy, the sauce ended up all over my finger. My brother order their Green chili burger sliders, the green chilies were canned and his silder were burned and awful tasting! The menu is small and the food is pricy for what you get. Don't think I will be patronizing here again. The waiter told us the food was already pre assembled! So its not fresh it's all can stuff!!
I made a reservation for 745. I called around six to see if i can push it back a little bit and they girl said okay for 815. The website says they were open til 9.  When I showed up at 815 they were closed! I was so upset because we had taken the light rail downtown and eveerything! Poor customer service and i will be calling groupon to get my groupon refunded!
I had been to Fuego Bistro before and really enjoyed it.  So I was really looking forward to trying Fuego Cityscape with a Groupon I had bought.  The food is absolutely delicious! I had the Pernil Torta with the Sweet Potato fries, the meet was soo amazing, completely melt in your mouth and paired with the cabbage it was to die for.  My friend had the quesadilla with Carne Asada, he said it was very good.  We also had the Key Lime Pie for dessert and it was awesome, I love key lime anything and this did not dissapoint, definitely one of the best key lime things I've had. I also had the Prickly Pear Mojito which was a beautiful pinkish/purplish color.  I enjoyed it very much.  Sam was our waiter and he was fantastic.  He was getting ready for a table of 9 and he still managed to keep us and everyone else extremely happy.  I was very impressed with his friendliness and expediting to make sure everyone had drinks and there food when it came out.  I can't wait to go back again!
Excellent food, reasonable prices.
Much,  much better than Fuego Taco.  This small place w/patio has their signature pasta which is to die for and the Key lime pie will amaze you! (don't eat it alone!)  Have also had the empanadas appetizer before and, even though I like spicy, the dough still overwhelmed the rest of the ingredients.  The staff appear to be mostly regulars (at least for the year or so I've been going) and they are very attentive.  Even better, I got 50% off gift cards at COSTCO (since sold out).
I had never had Fuego before and bought a Groupon for them. A friend of mine and I went to order our food and use the Groupon, but I purchased the one for Fuego Bistro instead of Cityscape. The waiter saw my mix-up and still gave us a really great deal even though we couldn't use our Groupon. He was so nice and friendly. He even gave us a free drink to try while we waited for our dinner. The food was amazing, we got the Shrimp and Chicken quesadillas plus the nachos. It was so good and I was stuffed without even eating half of my dinner. We will definitely be going back. They know how to treat their customers.
We were going to the theater and via Yelp discovered Fuego.. We ate inside, its a little small it seemed inside and patio. I am still not sure if they have a different menu often as what we came for based on a photo on Yelp was not listed on our Menus.. but after a quick review we found some good meals.. the Corn Bread with Chile Verde was fantastic same as the meat loaf.. the Carne Asada Nachos and the the fish taco not so much.. Service was great and the place had a cool vibe.. Walk to all sports and theaters from here..
I do like this restaurant.  Not expensive and the food is pretty good.  A little salty but really good.  Matt has waited on me everytime I go there.  He is a sweet sweet heart and a good waiter.  I definitely recommend this place
After going to Fuego Tacos, I was very excited to try Fuego Cityscape. My friends and I also discovered them on the Whistl App for iPhone.   We knew that their happy hour was only available out on the patio, but considering the weather conditions, they were more than happy to give us the same great deals inside the restaurant.   We started off with Cubano Sliders and the BBQ Pork Quesadilla ($6 each).   The Cubano Sliders were excellent. The waiter had recommended them, and they were a very memorable part of the meal. The meat was very flavorful, and the sauce and cheese that accompanied the meat really made the slider "pop". It was a little sweet, a little spicy, but perfectly balanced.   The BBQ Pork Quesadilla was also delicious. The BBQ sauce was not overbearing, which played well to the quesadillas traditional roots. The sauce it came with appeared to be a chipotle style sour cream/mayo and was very good, although the quesadilla didn't really need much else.  My friends both ordered a Dos Equis ($1 Off), and I asked the waiter to surprise me. He brought me an in-house jalapeno infused margarita. Wow was it good! I was not expecting the spiciness at first, but as my pallet adjusted, I literally could not put it down. I am also not one to like salt on my margarita, but with the spiciness from the jalapenos, the salted rim helped tone it down nicely.  For our main entrees, I got the Blackened Tilapia Caesar Salad, my friend got the Pernil Tacos, while my other friend got the Empanadas.   I really enjoyed the Caesar salad, it was a nice twist on a classic dish. Black beans, corn, and spiced tortilla strips gave it a nice "southwestern" flair. The tilapia also had a southwestern seasoning that made it delicious on its own. I appreciated the temperature of the fish when it came out. Not too hot, and definitely not cold. I cannot stand having burning hot food on a salad, effectively making the lettuce warm.  I got to try a bite from each of my friends. Both dishes were excellent. The Pernil Tacos came out as traditional street tacos (double wrapped corn tortillas). The pernil as excellent. The tacos come in a variations of meat and fish, but we went with the waiters recommendation, and were not disappointed.   I have never had empanadas before, and was really blown away. The inside was very rich and flavorful, I believe they use chorizo inside. The fried crunchy exterior made for an interesting texture compared to the inside. It was cooked to perfection, with the exterior never getting soggy.  As for the service and atmosphere, both were excellent. Our waiter gave excellent recommendations and was very honest about each item we inquired about.   I really liked the interior, it was quite small, but very homey. It was a very personable place to be, and a great location for a restaurant.   If you'd like to find more places like this, definitely check out the Whistl App for iPhone and follow them on instagram at @whistlapp  All of their suggestions have been excellent. I can't wait to try all of the great happy hours around town!  Happy Eatings!
Finally decided to give this place a try thanks to the purchase of a groupon which made it a pretty great deal but overall I think the prices are a little high for the environment. It is a really tight space that doesn't feel comfortable or inviting at all. They had it decorated in a cool way but that just barely helped it not to feel like we were in a fast food joint. I think they should reconfigure the space and turn it into an order at the counter style where you just grab some tacos and a bucket of beer an head out to the patio (like America's) or take a lunch to go.  We both ordered items that I am pretty sure they have on their menu at the Bistro. Hubby got the pasta which was delicious (yes, I stole a bite) and I ordered the shredded pork torta which was also delicious. Sweet potato fries were yummy with good seasoning on them but unfortunately a bunch had gotten stuck together and formed some kind of mass which was a bit unappetizing. I guess that happens but I don't think they should have served them like that.  Not much else to say, our server was great. Really nice guy though of course I have forgotten his name already. I probably wouldn't drive out of my way to come here for dinner again but if I was downtown for some reason I'd probably grab lunch or happy hour here.
Fuego Pasta & Cubano hit the spot after a long afternoon in the city.  Give it a try... Delicious!
The best food and drinks ever!!! My friend and I stopped in on a Friday for our happy hour stroll. We were greeted and served by Matt he was sooooo awesome!!! He let us sample one of the specialty menu items and talked to us through out the night!!! The servers were all really pleasant. The sangrias and empanadas were to die for!! I will be back!!!
Decided to come here before the D'Backs game on a Tuesday.  I'd been to the Fuego's mothership in central Phoenix and loved it (and I had a free entrée coupon) so my girlfriend and I decided to give this place a try.  Typically I don't like going to branch locations of locally based chains as I've usually found the quality of the food and overall experience to be lacking versus the main location.    But this experience was different.  The menu is a little trimmed down from Fuego's main location, but the prices are much more affordable and the menu still contains many of their greatest hits.  The Cityscape location is much more of an urban modern theme than the main location which is more of a sit down living room feel.  We skipped the appetizers and went straight for the house specialties.  She got the tacos and I got the empanadas.  The empanadas were just as delicious as Fuego's mothership, with delicious ground beef, a flaky pastry crust and great toppings.  She got a tilapia and pernil (pulled pork) taco.  The sauce and coleslaw definitely complimented the tacos well, but the meat was what made them so awesome.  For a drink she got the Fuego margarita (infused with jalapenos).  She loved it.  I had a sip and it was a little too intense for me so I got the red sangria.  Again, just as delicious as their main location.  But the reason I give this place 5 stars more than any other reason is our waiter.  Bald guy (didn't catch his name), but he was outstanding.  Friendly, attentive and he was the one who suggested we get one taco each since we were craving both tilapia and pernil.  Made the experience that much better.  And when all was said and done, we were in and out in 30-35 mins with plenty of time to walk to Chase Field.  I will absolutely be back and would highly recommend this for lunch or dinner.  Fuego Bistro is outstanding and has a menu with better variety, but their prices can be cost prohibitive for some.  If you're looking for a place to go on Restaurant Week, Fuego Bistro is a great option as their prices are discounted pretty substantially.  But for an any day Latin American restaurant experience at a more affordable price, Fuego Cityscape is the place to be.
The Cubano Sliders and the Fuego nachos were both very tasty. The slider was layered with ham and their signature pernil asado, a seasoned shredded pork. The shredded pork was very flavorful. The nachos also had a layer of the shredded pork.  The key lime pie was close to a cheesecake consistency but beautifully presented with whipped cream and toasted coconut. The menu is small on choices but if everything is as good as the three items we tried then we are sure to return and to tell our friends.
Being new to Phoenix, I wanted to check out the downtown cityscape area. After looking at menus of the restaurants nearby, this one was the only one that looked delicious and fairly inexpensive so I made a reservation on the patio on a Saturday night to go with friends.   We had an awesome experience. Our friends were late so my fiancée and I ordered a few drinks and waited at our table. The waiter was super cool and didn't seem to mind at all that our friends were 20 mins late. He gave us food recommendations and was everything a great waiter should be! Needless to say, service was excellent!  And the food! Since we were sitting on the patio, we could order off the patio menu... Everything $6! Between the all of of us we got an order of nachos, chicken tacos, and several BBQ pork quesadillas. Everyone loved the food. Especially for the price!  I am a super fan of nachos with melted cheese and that can be surprisingly hard to come by, but these nachos had it. Sooo good. They even brought us out a complimentary dessert.. Key lime pie. Yum!    I definitely would recommend Fuego to anyone looking to grab dinner down in cityscape. Oh and they are dog friendly on the patio! I always love that!
Do NOT do the yelp deal. It's a scam if you plan on having lunch with someone else that has also purchased the deal. It clearly states on the coupon that the limit is one per person, but they tell you later that it is only one per table. So we bought 5 and ended up being able to use 5. What a joke. They need to be honest in their terms. The only reason I gave them 2 stars is because they were quick to fill our glasses and the food was mediocre. Won't go back
As always, the peril cornbread appetizer is a delicious meal.  Unless you  have a big appetite..you will be pleasantly full from this one dish.  The chile rellenos is awesomely different.    Located in downtown Phoenix, it is fun to sit outside and peoplewatch.
Great food Outstanding Service. Coconut Shrimp is very Tasty. The Spicy Margarita is a Must TRY! U won't regret it.
I had been wanting to try Fuego the last couple trips to Phoenix and finally made it in for take out and an adult beverage. Totally impressed!!!  The staff was super friendly and inviting. Matt, my super friendly waiter, suggested the red wine sangria, which was delicious!  Wasn't sure if I should try veggie or shrimp tacos and Matt, recommended one of each. They were each so tasty!!  Very flavorful and presented well even as takeout!!!  I also got the Fuego salad which was so filling yet healthy. I'm kind of sad I waited so long to try Fuego:/
They have some unique Mexican dishes, and the food is always fresh, well prepared and comes out hot.  I wish they served chips and salsa with the meal,. but that doesn't stop me from going there.  The The Cuban sandwich is very nice, it's a bit of a twist on the traditional. Right now, this place is really the only Mexican joint downtown (unless you count Chipotle).
If I could give a no star I would. Worse place ever the service is awful. They have no idea what they do and the times they open or close. Food burned and once again service is worse than go to mcdonalds  no wroth the stop ever.
My friend and fellow yelper John M. has taken me here twice and I was very pleased both times, not just with the food but also with the casual setting and the friendly service. Being in the CityScape area, it has the advantage of being right smack downtown without being in a noisy, traffic-plagued area. The outdoor seating area is really pleasant, especially during the evening hours.
I went to Fuego, for the first time, before a Suns game. Service was good. We got our drinks quickly and our food was not far behind. The outdoor seating area was a nice place to "people watch" before the game. I split the chicken quesadilla with a friend. It was just right for a quick bite and a beer.
I was looking for a new place to eat near the US Airways stadium and not a sports grill or a real fancy place- just a place that has good eats and drinks. the patio was appealing but it was a little cool so we went inside. it's a small place but a huge atmosphere of welcoming waiters and terrific food. the service was quick and our waiter matt was awesome. he even brought out some insanely good dip for us to try with our sweet potatoe fries (that we didn't even ask for!)   - just a neat little place with great food... they have a great happy hour menu from 3-6pm
We decided to try Fuego because we had a Restaurant.com certificate.  We went around 4pm so the place was not busy at all. We were promptly helped.  The cocktails came very quick and were great.   The food came shortly after the cocktails and the food was extremely good.  I would recommend eating here.  I feel like the prices are reasonable and the food is very good.  Another bonus was the wait staff...super good looking!  :-)
I was back here in November and I wanted to eat near my hotel and not in a sportsbar.   Fuego was perfect for me and I was allowed to order a smaller dinner than what was offered on the menu for a reduced price. :)
If you're downtown for a show, don't miss happy hour at Fuego.  The drinks and eats are delish.  The waiters are funny and accommodating.  Will definitely return!
Ahhhhh yes. A beautiful day, sitting on the patio, eating wonderful food, watching people walk by, does it get any better than this? OK, maybe but this is a pretty good way to enjoy your meal.  This is one of my favorite spots. I usually only come here for lunch but I've dropped in for dinner a few times.  This will sound odd but one thing I like about Fuego is that they don't have 100 different things on their menu like you'll find in a lot of Mexican restaurants.    If you're in the mood for a sandwich, I recommend the Cubano. Delicious. I also enjoy the tacos (go for the shrimp!) and the Chile Relleno.  Go, enjoy!
I love this place and the servers are the best in town. I can not recommend anything to eat because everything on the menu is delish! (And I am not a big fan of Mexican food) I will say their Empenadas are my favorite though.
Great Service on the Patio. quick, knowledgeable, friendly.. Fantastic Empanadas, Chili Rellano, Sangria.. Have been several times and enjoyed this location very much.  Only negative is consistency, slight, seasoning has not been consistent.. Not enough to keep me from coming back.. great afterwork spot.
Fantastic food!  We stopped in without knowing anything about Fuego and we're glad we did. Great service, great food, great atmosphere. Try the empanadas as an app.  We'll be back!
the food was fantastic!  i also liked that it is really close to america west arena.  the service was spot on and the sangrias were delicious!
The Jalapeno infused Margarita is the best in town and trust me I am a Margarita snob. I've had them all over town and even this one blows away some that are on the 'top 10 Margaritas in Phoenix' list. The wait staff has been awesome both times we've been there. The food is delicious. The cubano sandwich and the Cornbread are phenomenal. The cornbread 'appetizer' is a meal in itself. I can't wait to go back
I found this place on Restaurants.com while I was pre-planning my trip to Phoenix. The food was great! I had the chicken tacos (chicken was slightly under seasoned but sauce made up for it), and the empanadas.  I washed them down with a drink called Latin Lover. The food was very filling, the drink was very refreshing, the price was right, and the staff showed their Phoenix friendliness.
Sleepy little Mexican place w outstanding food along with chips n guac! Chicken tacos were loaded w flavor. You can sit outside or inside. The service was really friendly and the food was fantastic.
This place is my go to lunch spot. From their perfectly cooked fish on the Blackened Tilapia Caesar salad, to the tender juicy pork in the Pernil Tacos, I love this place!  The location is a bit small but the food is worth waiting for.   Service at lunch is spot on and all the servers are friendly and can answer any question you may have. Parking kinda sucks at lunch time unless you work downtown, you can park in the garage under Cityscape but get there early or you will be driving around for a while looking for a non-reserved spot (this is the only reason they get 4 stars).
This little restaurant was a great find downtown. It had great drinks and great food. When we went in there the place was completely dead but that was fine. The food was super good! The street tacos were fantastic. The only issue I had was the bathroom scared my daughter because of the lighting but we will still go back!
The food was good but nothing to write home about. We order the spicy empanadas for the starter. They were spicy. Next I order the carne asada tacos. The carne asada was dry. I really liked the rice and black beans. We also ordered Latin love as the drink. It was not bad. I would give this place a try again. They also validate your parking
I was in town for a conference and found Fuego CityScape through Yelp for my dinner plans. I'm so glad I checked Yelp!   It has a very fun, hip atmosphere. The Prickly Pear Mojito was excellent and the Fuego Margarita with jalapeño-infused tequila was very good as well.   The veggie nachos came piled high and my friend and I couldn't finish them and the very tasty Fuego Tacos with tilapia.   The Happy Hour/Patio pricing is very good. I highly recommend this place.
An easy 4 stars for Fuego. 4.5 even. I stopped here for lunch while in town for a conference. I tried the pernil torta and a prickly pear mojito. The food was so good, I came back two days later, and had the meatloaf sliders and another mojito. Awesome experience both times. Gotta love the happy hour and patio prices! If I'm ever back in PHX, I'd definitely stop by again.
Three stars because it was just eh.  We went here for happy hour.  The empanadas for HH are made with ground beef.  Flavor was good but not wow.  My husband ordered the pulled pork sliders.  Kinda lacked flavor.  I really don't have to much to say because there are a lot of other places I would suggest downtown over this place.
Really cute new restaurant hiding in this shopping center.  Fantastic service and great prices.  They have empanadas and tamales packaged to go or you can dine in. We split 3 empanadas (pumpkin was our favorite) and a veggie burrito, coming to about $10.  Cecy, the owner, was very kind and welcoming, patiently going over the menu and making suggestions.  They also cater.    The food was great.  We will most definitely return for more empanadas!  Be sure to sign up for their frequent visitor program, belly!  This store is impressively high-tech with all kinds of ipads and gadgets, so you can sign up right at the register.  The rewards are great-who in their right mind would not want a free tamale?!?  Please visit Cornflower, they are delightful and their food is great!
We found the Corn Flower when we needed catering on short notice. The owner took all the time we needed to taste and select our choices. We've gone back for the amazing burritos and empanadas. The homemade salsa choices are amazing, and don't leave without trying the chili soup!  Awesome food and even better service. Skip the fast food Mexican because this is cheaper and much better!
First of all, I admit to eating 6 empanadas all by myself!  (They offer a discount if you buy 6)  I had 3 savory ones (spinach, mushroom, and rojas) and 3 sweet ones (chocolate, peach, and apple).  I don't consider myself an empanada connoisseur, but the crusts were flaky and the fillings offered a nice variety of flavors.  The spinach and rojas were by far my favorites.  I was somewhat disappointed by the sweet empanadas.  The apple was underwhelming and the peach was supposed to have a vanilla sauce in the filling which I could not detect at all.  I'm an ardent lover of rich, chocolate flavor, but the empanada was almost slightly salty without that deep chocolate flavor I was hoping for. I think I'm just not a huge empanada fan, so I'll have to go back to try the enchiladas!
Cute, cozy, pleasant and very friendly service. That is really all I have to say about them. The food was oh so delicious! Little bite sized tacos. Service was fast and just perfect! They even use the square card reader on their iPad to charge cards. Which truly shows its a small and quaint restaurant.
Delicious...a hidden little gem off Greenway/Tatum.  The owners are so very friendly and appreciative of the business.  I told them I found them through their excellent Yelp reviews!  We tried different empanadas and wanted more since they were so good.  We will definitely be back!
Yum Yum Yum!  Found this little place through Yelp (thank you!) and to the advice to get a to-go order.  Had both the Red Chili & Pork Tamale and Sweet Corn Tamales, very good!  Also got a couple of Empanadas and they were my favorite for sure!  They are a small snack size, with a lite crispy shell.  Tried the savory chicken, which was not too spicy and almost melted in your mouth, and also the sweet pumpkin one which tasted like a homemade pumpkin pie!  A perfect treat!    The prices were very reasonable, and the service was very nice!  Will so be going back there again!
Worst Mexican food I've had in awhile.  Who puts nacho cheese in a carnitas burrito?  No good Mexican restaurant will use nacho cheese on anything!  The empanadas were cold, they tasted like they were frozen.
Tucked in the corner of Greenway and Tatum, sits The Corn Flower.  I went in for lunch, very simple setup with a friendly staff.  I ordered the chili renello and an empanada.   It was a pretty small amount for the cost you pay for a chili renello.  Just one with a red sauce on top and a side of rice.  Nothing much to the rice.  The chili renello was good but not really filling.  The empanada that I tried was the chicken mole, tasty for sure.  I think the empanadas was the highlight of the lunch.  May go back and try some other items.  It's worth checking out due to the variety of empanadas they have that you can take home and bake or eat there.
What a cool little spot with great food.  I loved the Green Chile enchilada and the chocolate empanada!!
Great tortilla soup and chili (some of the best and most flavorful I've had.)  I don't think they are used to dining in as the meal service for 4 was a little segmented.  Great concept, and a Belly user which is great.
Come here for the EMPANADAS!!!!  The food is good- but the empanadas are AMAZING!   When I came here- I was planning on taking a photo of the food to post- but it didn't last long enough for me to do that.  I highly recommend the pumpkin and/or pineapple empanadas.    I also bought about 3 dozen to take with me to California to visit family.  I just packed them in a cooler for transport.  Once we got there- we just popped them in the oven for a few minutes and they were awesome!
I picked up a half dozen empanadas on my way home from work, and I have to say that this was a great way to wind down the day.  When I got home, I opened up a bottle of wine, turned my oven to 350, and after like 4-5 mins the crusty hot meat pockets were good to go.  To be truthful, this was really my first experience with empenadas.  Being from Hawaii, I'm more used to manapua (pork bao bun), but to my surprise, they actually had a Kalua Pig empenada!    I also got the bbq shredded beef and the beef with red wine sauce and olives.  All of them were amazing, and I definitely will be back soon.  My bill for a half dozen was about $10.50, and they were the perfect appetizers for my wife and I.    Next time I come I'm going to try an order of their tacos.  From the pics they look really good.  End of the day, these guys care about their food, and in turn it makes me feel like they care about my experience when I go there.  With that I say Salud to The Corn Flower and welcome to the neighborhood!
Visiting from out of town and looking for a quick Mexican restaurant.  Went to yelp and found The Corn Flower just 10 min away. Ordered the taquitos,  chips salsa and guacamole. While the service was a little scattered the food more then made up for it. The taquitos were delicious and the guacamole was so fresh and delicious. And the chips were homemade and fresh. Overall a definite 4 star and I would come back again next time I was in the area.
The wife and I were having lunch together for the first time in ages.  She suggested a place near my office, and I found The Corn Flower using my Yelp mobile app.  It was showing 4.5 stars and a menu that sounded delicious.  We were on our way.  Before I get too far into this review, let me just say that we met both the cashier and the Executive Chef and they were both wonderfully warm and genuinely nice people.  I could tell that the Chef cared very much for her product and was very excited to hear that I would be reviewing her restaurant - in fact, she made sure to ask me to.  So here goes.  This is a very small dining room located at the end of a strip mall on the corner of Tatum and Greenway.  We had some difficulty finding it.  You walk in and it's like walking in to a retail store, not a restaurant.  There were enough tables and seats for about eight people, all decorated very nicely with paper flowers, and pictures.  One wall contained a huge glass-fronted refrigerator that was filled with various sized packages of their signature item, empanadas.  The menu is written on a chalk board above the cashiers counter.  While it is very clean and well-appointed, it did not give off a restaurant vibe, but rather a store.  The Corn Flower bills itself as "Fine Casual Mexican Cuisine" and seems to be more of a catering establishment trying to be a storefront trying to be a restaurant.  Unfortunately, for me it does not succeed at being a sit-down restaurant.  We ordered from the chalkboard menu, I had three Carnitas street tacos and a ground-beef empanada and the wife had corn-chowder soup with chips.  We both opted out of the canned soda's from the display case and instead asked for Iced Tea.  The cashier/waitress described it as an Arnold Palmer, which was fine with both of us, however, it tasted like instant.  The cashier/waitress grabbed a packaged empanada from the display case and took it back to the kitchen.  After a few minutes my street tacos arrived, arranged nicely on a long narrow tray, garnished with chopped green onion and a salsa.  It was okay.  Next, my empanada arrived, a single empanada on large, round plate, no garnish, no dipping sauce or anything.  It was warm and tasty, but the filling was dry.  Finally, my wife's corn chowder arrived.  It was a large bowl filled with about six ounces of creamy, undistinguished soup.  No garnish.  She asked for chips that should have arrived with it.  The cashier/waitress brought the chips on another large plate.  Wife asked for a spoon.  Meanwhile, we stole napkins from another table.  The soup did taste like corn.  Kind of like creamed corn.  Not bad, but not delicious either, actually kinda bland. And not much of it for $8.  Some add-ins would be nice, like chunks of avocado and diced chiles - especially for the price.     Overall, the food was not bad, but there was nothing that really wowed me, or made me want to come back for more.  Presentation was lacking and service needs to be honed.  I'm not one to tell a chef how to run her business, but it's prolly not a good idea to grab a diner's meal from a display case in front of them.  Maybe you should have some product in the kitchen.  It wouldn't hurt to serve the Empanada's with some sort of sauce as well - perhaps a fresh guacamole or salsa, and smaller portions dictate smaller serving containers.  Chips can and should be served in a basket, not a plate, and again, should have some sort of dipping sauce to go with.  Same thing for the Taco's.  I could tell that the Chef and the server really cared about their product and I hope that they figure out way to amp up the restaurant side of things, as there is huge potential here.
This really isn't a restaurant. More of a frozen food aisle. If you want to stop by and re-heat your dinner, I guess its ok but quite over-priced (prices online are not the same as in the store). If I have to take something home, re-heat it and make my own sauce, its not worth it.   And, the staff is pretty much dis-functional (actually rude) as they're confused on what items cost and really aren't very helpful (since you're going home to re-heat) regarding eating-in vs. taking-out.   There were a couple of people in the "restaurant" but I'd avoid this if you can. Del Taco is just up the road.
I read empanadas and knew I had to try this place out.  Corn Flower is a quaint little spot with inside and outside seating.  Very clean, well lit and inviting.  A cold case holds numerous tasty morsels that come in the forms of burritos and empanadas.  We were greeted by the chef this evening with a gigantic smile, 3 frosted shot glasses and a pitcher full of beautifully creamy and smooth Horchata.  Ohhhhh, it was good!  We ordered a myriad of food so that we could share and experience all the Corn Flower has to offer.  The tamales were fresh and flavorful but the spotlight of the table was definitely the green chile enchilada.  It's not the typical shaped log of boring shredded dry meat with mounds of melted plastic cheese and lackluster sauce.  This was terrific!  It was slightly spicy, moist, fork tender...we will definitely be back for more of that dish! The chips and salsa were pretty typical, a bit more crunchy and 'corny' than most.  The sweet empanadas were a highlight as well, a great ending to our meal.  We ordered the pineapple with French vanilla sauce, Nutella and lemon.  The pineapple one was my favorite, with the lemon a very close second.  No disrespect to the Nutella but it lacked a but of zip..maybe adding a little chile would liven it up!   We bought the $10 for $15 deal, even with that our meal was relatively inexpensive, $32 total for 3 adults.  The soups sounded amazing, that is definitely on my to order list next go round.  I believe it was the owner, or manager that came and talked with us, very friendly and asked if we 'Yelped' very often.  Of course we do!  Good job Corn Flower, we will be back to try out some more of your tasty offerings, you did not disappoint!,,
Service is decent, dining area is confined, portions are small, but the friendliness of the small staff is second to none and the food is tasty. If you want to stuff yourself then get a burrito, they're good sized burros but seem to be heavy on rice and light on actual meat. The taquitos (street tacos) are some of the smallest I've seen, but again, tasty. The empanadas have phenomenal flavor, just very tiny. For $2/empanada I expect more, especially when it cost less than fifteen cents to make one! Recommendations: Burritos, Breakfast Empanadas, Ham and Cheese Empanadas, and the Ground Beef Empanadas. The ingredients are fresh, and it's healthy Mex as opposed to the numerous greasy, overly cheesy Mex restaurants out there so that's a bonus. The chef is caring, engaged, and wants you to enjoy the food. All in all, we enjoyed ourselves and the meal and we'll likely return.
Well I'm going to make this short because I have mixed feelings on demoting this place... But truth must be told.  We were met by 2 friendly chefs(because they are 'out of servers'... not the best sign either I guess). The service was very genuine and kind though it really was.  The food on the other hand, while it was fresh it was very pedestrian. We had the salad, a veggie burrito and 6 empanadas. Everything basically tasted like it could be made at home.  The food is fine, just don't expect much or anything special.   That is all. =)
Came here for the Empanadas. Nice cozy little restaurant with an area to sit outside if you wish. When you walk inside you see display coolers on one wall full of 15 types of prepackaged Gourmet Empanadas and other goodies. Several flavors to choose from that range from sweet, savory, and veggie.  We used are Yelp check in coupon for a free Empanada and got a total of 7 different kinds to try out. Also ordered some of the Carnitas and Carne Asada Tacos on the side. Love the presentation when they came to the table. The Empanada are packed full of delicious flavors and were very good. The chunky fire roasted Salsa was yummy and had just the right amount of heat. The tacos were also tasty although I have had better. Tried a Tamale also just to see if I was missing anything.  Ordering is confusing. They seem to be a little disorganized in general. Sounded like they got slammed the night before and were out of some choices. Maybe they could have showed up a little earlier than usual to get the place back to normal and tidy up a bit. Also did not enjoy hearing the microwave buzzer going off while they were preparing the meal. I get the impression that they are just reheating stuff out of the cooler which I can do at home of course. Then finally once we were are done they expected us to remember what we ate in order to pay the bill. A little pricey by the time you are finished and I was still a bit hungry.  I would have to recommend just buying the Empandas and bringing them home and reheating them yourself while enjoying a cold beverage. A-OK
Delicious and healthy chicken taquitos/ tortilla soup and really friendly service!
Very friendly staff. The freshest burrito I have ever had. The cook even made me special hot sauce!
Good food.. but I wish the menu were larger
We ordered a selection of things and ended up loving the pork tamale (the masa was so light and amazing) and the ground beef empanada (the flavors were delicious).  The relleno "shell" is thicker than I normally like it but the sauce!  Oh, the sauce is divine and makes it so yummy.  The carne asada burrito was OK but very light-tasting flavor-wise.  And the rice was a very pleasant surprise - I'm not usually a big rice fan, but this was cooked perfectly and very light.    The location is convenient, the owner is passionate and the server was very enthusiastic and friendly.    We will definitely come again.  We want try the mole enchiladas and some additional empanadas next time.    We used the Yelp coupon and paid $20 total for a bunch of food and waddled away very satisfied.
What a great experience that my friend and I had tonight at the Corn Flower.  The staff was superb and friendly and the food was excellent.  The green chile chicken enchilada was so good I could have licked the plate clean!!  I went with a friend and since it was our first time we tried a little of everything - empanadas, tamale, tacquitos, chips/salsa/guac, and peach cake.  I definitely will be back for more!!!!
This place is AMAZING! It serves true, authentic, fresh Mexican food that will be unique to what you have had in the past. The service is super friendly and helpful. Everyone there has passion and it shows in the food and service. It's very clean and has good prices. I'm all about it!
Just LoVE the decor!  Very quaint and so much nicer than the typical Mexican food places in the valley.  I ordered the Green Chili Enchilada and it was FANtAStiC!!  Took several empanadas home.  Some of my favorites were Beef and olive, Hawaiian and spinach corn.  I have also tried the corn chowder and the mole enchilada, both of which I loved as well.  Try Corn Flower!
I have to say the staff IS very friendly, and the place was very clean, but the food was a COMPLETE disappointment. :( I waited 45 minutes for 4 microwave (reheated) empanadas and tamales.  The gentleman that give me the food did apologize for the wait!
I ordered tortilla soup and a green corn tamale for my lunch.    The green corn tamale was okay.  There were not any visible green chilies or corn, but it had a nice corn-y flavor.  What made it was the green salsa that they served on the side.  Delicious!  The tortilla soup was not good, in my opinion.  It was simply broth, whole tortilla chips (which were hard to eat/cut in a soup) and what seemed to be store-bought guacamole.  The broth was good, but they'd be a lot better off if they skipped the guac, and just added a slice of lime, fresh avocado, and maybe some cilantro.  The hardest part about the visit was the service.  While the server was super sweet, she was obviously overwhelmed, as she was the only one servicing tables at lunch time.  They were out of a lot of things in their cooler (iced tea, specific kinds of tamales and empanadas), and they made the soup on the spot.  Some might see the soup thing as great service, but soup can be made at the start of each day and be just as good.  We'd prefer to get more efficient service than wait for soup.  I hope this restaurant can smooth out their kinks, because it seems like they have a lot of potential.
I am sad I didn't notice this place before. Tiny but very cute inside.  Had a bbq pork empanada - super flaky and good - and a corn tamale, also great.  Very reasonable price.  My new go to for last minute dinner! This is the best thing to happen to my corner!
I really wanted to love this place but I ended up just sort of liking it.  I read the reviews and gathered that it is best to order to go and reheat at home. So I ordered 2 dozen. I don't really care for the set up. It is a little awkward to reach into their fridge and pick your empandadas. They had a nice presentation but I wish they had long, waist high coolers instead, similar to a salad bar.  The man behind the counter was a bit cold at first. He seemed to warm up and become friendlier by the end of our transaction but I was uncomfortable at first. Also he charged me per empanada instead of by the dozen price listed on the menu. Not that big of a price difference but still kinda ticked me off. I didn't say anything because I had a Groupon and was already getting a good deal but you can bet that if I return I will rectify that situation.  When it came to heating the empanadas we were clueless. There weren't any directions that came with them, or on the menu, or on their website. So we heated them in the oven until they seemed warmed through. I think it was a mistake because pastry was a bit tough, dry and not as flaky as I expected it to be.  The Hawaiian pork was the favorite with my husband and son. My husband wished there was filling in the empanandas. I had vegetarian ones. I wasn't crazy about the spinach one but I did like the potato one.  A little later we heated up our dessert ones. This time we microwaved them. The texture of the pastry was much better this way. We will keep it in mind if we return.  The chocolate and lemon ones were delicious and melted in our mouth.   My general feeling is that the empanadas are a bit overpriced for what they are. I think they would make great party food. But to feed my starving family? I'm not convinced.
One of these great little gems hiding in our nondescript Arizona strip malls.  They do some great interpretations of some beloved Mexican standards like empanadas and enchiladas. A very attentive and anxious staff awaits to serve you a memorable lunch.
If I ever had to choose a Prisoner's Last Meal (probably not, this is just a thought experiment), it would have to be the amazing mole' enchilada at CornFlower! Minced chicken, folded tortilla, and slathers of the yummiest mole'. Oh, and the peach cake, which could hold its head up at the priciest restaurant in town. Super friendly and accommodating staff. Kitchen gods, please shine on this cozy little place and keep it going . . . and going . . .
We really liked this place! It's decorated very cute, and although it's small, it's quaint and light, and the food was delicious.  I had the tostada salad, hubby had chile relleno, both were very fresh and tasty.  This is def. more of a To-Go place because seating is so limited, which is fine because the prices are great and the food is, too. We'll definitely be back!
We were not happy with this place at all. We went a little later in the evening and the lady working seemed very annoyed that we came in. I love leaving work on time like anyone else, but if business comes in I suck it up and smile! She was cleaning all around us and it was ver uncomfortable. Once we got our food it was so bland. I got the chile relleno and rice. The rice was a plain scoop of white rice with no flavor and the chile relleno was just plain and mushy. My husband got the chicken burrito and it was literally just baked chicken and rice with no flavor at all. The empanadas were okay but I felt weird that they just came microwaved in a plastic bag. Haven't gone again
Empanadas!! I can't remember the last time I saw empanadas on a menu in AZ so I'm thrilled to have them in my 'hood now. In fact, the last time I had an empanada was in LA. I would say these are the star of the menu and they have over a dozen sweet and savory to choose from.   I also had the green chili chicken enchiladas which was really good but they forgot to put the side of rice with my order and since I ordered to go I didn't notice until I was home.   This place is new and still working out the kinks. I agree with the other reviews that its not really designed to be a dine in experience unless you're solo or maybe a party of two. The girl running the counter seemed a bit overwhelmed with 3 people in the place.   But the concept is great and there's nothing like it around. I will probably call in my order in the future. But I'm so happy to have empanadas!!!
We had passed this place on our way to the gym a few times and we finally tried it... And are we sure glad we did! This place was great; very small but nice and clean. Carlos was very helpful and took care of us. We went with what he recommended; tamales. I had the sweet corn topped with pork and chicken tamales, and my fiancé had the chicken and the beef tamales. Everything was amazing! We were almost too stuffed to try an Empanada, but Carlos brought us one to try. It was the best Empanada I have ever had. We tried the pineapple and cream, which was heated and topped with a little bit of powdered sugar and Carmel. We will definitely be back. We found out on our way out that you can bring your own wine or beer and there is just a corking fee. What a fun place and we will definitely be coming back!
Food was pretty good...not amazing, but pretty good.  But the atmosphere is a combo of small and frenetic.  They don't really seem prepared to serve more than a couple of customers an hour.  During my visit, two different couples walked out after getting no service.  (There were three total small groups in the restaurant.)  If anything, I would recommend for takeout.
Delicious, fresh Mexican food clearly made from the heart.  Had the superb recommended green enchilada with rice and tasty black beans.  A very welcome alternative to the usual stale big chains lining the main roads.  Pleasant small intimate dining area with outdoor seating available.  Definitely worth leaving one of the resorts for a peaceful, delicious meal, Safeway around the corner.  I'm looking forward to my peach empanadas for dessert later!
Delicious Empanadas!! This place is wonderful, loved their food. Will be back for more.
I travel for a living so I eat out for most meals and have done so for nearly 20 years.  it is with that background that I can honestly say this meal was the worst meal I can recall having in a very long time anywhere.  We ordered chips, salsa and guacamole.  The chips tasted like they were out of a bag and not the kind I prefer buying, the guacamole - OMG.  We would think it comes out of a bag from Costco, one bite and each of us were done.  My salad was a few beans and kernels of corn atop iceberg lettuce with a big glop of the aforementioned guac. . . . I could go on and on and describe the 4 meals in detail but I will stop and say that I only wish Yelp offered a star option that was below no stars.  It was memorably horrible.  I will now begin the process of trying to forget this experience.  The people were nice enough but that and the cute decor are its only redeeming features.  Keep on driving - there are many choices that are better in the area.
The food here is fantastic!  We tried the tamales and the green enchilada.  Both were amazing.  I absolutely recommend eating here.
Soooo yummy!! And Carlos is a treat! We had the enchiladas, empanadas and chipotle soup--all delicious! We can't wait to go back or order for a party!
I really, really wanted to like this place. Unfortunately, when I got there at about 4pm, the empanadas had been picked over and there were few left to choose from. We only liked the sweet empanadas, none of the savory ones. The gentleman behind the counter was nice, but flustered and clueless on how to run my debit card thru the reader on the iPad to pay. Due to not so great food and uninviting, tiny space, I'll probably not be going back.
Found out about this place from Groupon and used a $10 for $15. It was great! Tried 6 different types of empanadas, chips and salsa, and tres leches cake - all soooo delicious! Then the chef brought us out horchata to try - not quite as good as La Condesa's, but still really yummy. The service was also above and beyond. I'll definately be back!
I walked in to check this place out after seeing the sign driving by. The chef was the sweetest person and very kind. It was lunchtime on a saturday and we were the only ones there which was confusing because it looks like a great place.   The chef asked my daughter what she wanted and made something just for her. I ordered tortilla soup and he made it fresh on the spot (my order was to go) and gave me a free cup since he made too much.   We got home and my daughters enchilada was delicious. I envied her lunch. The empanadas were good. My favorite was the BBQ pork. You have to cook them for 4 minutes or so in the oven. So good!   The chef told me they make everything fresh. A very nice change from fast and greasy Mexican places.   The tortilla soup had a really excellent flavor. But it was very brothy. Maybe some beans or something? And a takeout menu would be nice.   I try to find local businesses to eat at and really hope this place sticks around. With a few minor tweaks (judging from other reviews) it could be a popular place to eat. I will for sure be back!
This little place is great! The empanadas were delicious a wide selection if flavors. The services was great!
Really great personal service. Great tamales! Carlos said they were his grandmother's recipe I think. We have to go back for the empanadas everyone's talking about! Also lots of yummy baked goods. Love the crumbly powdered sugary Mexican wedding cookies. They had a kids menu but for once we did not children with us!
Tried this place while visiting Phoenix for work.  Great spot for lunch. I got the chorizo burrito enchilada style. It was huge, but ingredients were so flavorful I had to clean my plate.  Price was a bargain and the owner even gave me one of their famous empanadas to go since it was my first time visiting.  I highly recommend.
Great place! Carlos is very friendly and has a passion for his craft. You have to try the Empanadas!  Most Empanadas are fried and these are baked so they're not oily. The Enchilada was so tasty and different. It was very authentic. The ambience is great and the prices are right.
This is by far the best Mexican Food restaurant in the Phoenix area. I have a gluten intolerance and chef Carlos ALWAYS takes wonderful care of me and my family when we're in. This is more than a restaurant, it's a dining experience! I suggest ordering the Chavez Enchilada next time! It's a gluten free, extra spicy green enchilada. Also, the corn tamales are to die for!
This place used to be awesome, but they recently changed to an Empenada only menu.  Best Green Chile burro in town?  Gone!!! I wont be back.
I would love to give them the five stars, but experience speaking it wasn't that great.   Service was good, the people there were so friendly and totally willing to help. I definitely did not take their five star away because of that.   The reason why the fifth is missing is because...THEY WERE OUT OF EVERYTHING!!! it was a super sad day when we got there. They had nothing left. Good for them and business, but not good for me. I have been wanting to go to CF for a long time now and finally made it out.  They were out of tamales!! Out of all these different meats...I had no choice what to pick and was relegated to choosing empanadas that i really didn't care for (the filling wasn't the ones i wanted). They were okay, but only snack sized...that might be good in the case of my gut.   Me and my group had the corn chowder...so many improvements could have been made in this.. I felt like this dish was a little half....you know what i mean... Contemplating it over I have to take another star out because the chowder was wiggidy wack... it was more of a soup than a chowder...  All in all, I want to go back so they can reclaim some stars from me, but i want to go back when they actually have stuff and aren't closing in an hour    Recommendation get there early or call in and see what they still have before showing up. If they are out of stuff it isn't worth your time..
In regards to the reply from my first review, I am updating this to reflect the quality of food (which was superb) instead of my disappointment at the change of menu.   I had been a regular here (with a group of co-workers) on a weekly basis for months, and was flat out told last week that anything other than Empenadas was "Catering Only" from now on.
Great place.  Small.  Can seat 10 people inside and a small patio area outside.  but the food is great and worth the wait.  It is BYOB but they do charge a cork fee for wine.
A really nice spot. Odd hours. Meant to be more of a catering business, they've added some tables to accommodate the wishes of their patrons. Super friendly owners, mom and pop feel, excellent food.   The enchiladas (mole and green sauce) were superb. Coming back to soon to have those again. The empanadas were good (although the choices seemed less authentic -- meatball, bbq pork, e.g.)   Overall, splendid. We'll be back to try the tamales.
Been here several times for the delicious empanadas and the best horchata ever.  Service was very personable and excellent by chef Carlos. The last time I visited, he was not there, sorry to see this, his recommendations and enthusiasm for the cuisine is deeply missed.  Also,hours are very limited now.
Wish this charming little restaurant was here when we lived a bit closer to this neighborhood! Still, it was a fun discovery one day when we were on our way to the PV Mall.  The food and service were good. The server even took the time to give us the restaurant's backstory. We have gone back for take-out empanadas, both savory and dessert. They make a fine quick mid-week meal.
Try the green enchalada, and don't forget to the empanadas! Lovely decor, and the owner is very nice!
We had a mix of empenadas tamales and enchiladas as well as a bowl of the tortilla soup for lunch and they were all delicious. The green chile enchiladas had a nice creamy sauce with very nice spice. The mole sauce was amazing and had just the right sweet and spice. The empenadas were bite size and I would have loved to try more but was just too full from the rest of the meal. Be sure to finish with a sweet empenada and some ice cream.
OH MY GOODNESS. This place is heaven. The food is delicious, and clearly made with fresh home made ingredients. Authentic Salvadorian food at great prices too, Most of my menu favorites such as tacos, enchilads and pupusa's are about $2.50 each and their huge nacho portion is only $7.00 they beat any attempt at tacos, or cheap tacos in KW and surrounding area. There are other more more expensive dinner options but then its still under $20. This restaurant is awesome for vegetarians too! Most items on the menu can be made vegetarian.   The decor in the restaurant is nice and comfortable with great music. The have salsa dancing lessons and other types of dancing through out the week, They have a great patio over looking King street. The staff are very friendly and the service is quick. What more could you ask for!  As you can see i am a huge fan of The Gunaquita and highly reccomend you try it an tell your friends and family!  nom nom nom
A little slow writing this review, but I do remember that the food was excellent. Fresh ingredients, and authentic style make this restaurant a jewel on King Street. Highly recommended
Other 5 star reviews of The Guanaquita restaurant definitely do not fall short of how great the food is! All authentic Salvadoran food at great prices.  I ordered the Quanaquita platter and it was an excellent choice with several menu options on one plate. The food was not greasy and was prepared with fresh ingredients. Staff were very friendly and the service was great!   I would recommend The Guanaquita to anyone who is looking to try something different in Kitchener. Overall great restaurant!
Omg awesome.  The food here is very simple but fresh, great taste and the flavours really pop.  The host is great too.  I would recommend the bean and cheese pupusas and the steal burrito.
Unbelievably tasty and authentic. Great value and a nice selection of things to enjoy. The pupusas were my favourite but the enchiladas and tacos were also great. A milk-stuffed fried plantain was a wonderful dessert, perfectly sized for sharing. I also liked their mojitos, which are often dodgy in restaurants. We hadn't even finished our dinner before deciding to come back for breakfast the next day.  Breakfast was delicious as well. I had a pupusa, enchilada and taco, while my husband had the biggest breakfast on the menu (6D). It came with delicious brown sugar-fried plaintains and also some refried beans. SO good.
Authentic El Salvadorian isn't easy to find and Guanaquita does it well, I'm a really big fan.  The pupusas were my favorite item, the tacos were also good, but what made it good was that everything was really fresh and had a home made kind of touch to it.  I'd appreciate a hotter hot sauce, but I eat insanely hot so I have this beef most places.  The service was really friendly, I liked the atmosphere and the prices were very very reasonable.
Food was great! I definitely suggest to anyone who wants something "different" to try it! Everything was amazingly fresh!
This place is a hidden gem in Kitchener!  Really fresh and authentic Salvadoran food!  If you like that type of food I would definitely eat here. Also, very affordable!  However, they are listed as having Mexican food which I found a little misleading- we had enchiladas which came out on a circular hard tortilla (not wrapped in a soft tortilla like every other Enchilada I have ever had).  Service was okay but we were eating pretty spicy food and nobody ever came to refill our waters.  I am being a little bit picky but it is only because this place had such amazing Yelp reviews but it really didn't live up to all of the hype.
As others have said, the fact that this restaurant was rated as Mexican totally threw us off.  We have never had Salvadoran food and had no idea what to expect (or what was what when it came out for that matter).  The food was not bad tasting...I'm sure if was delicious for those who are familiar with the cuisine.  We were just clueless!   We visited during the Blues Festival - and although the restaurant wasn't crazy busy, the manager seemed to want us to leave, reinforcing to us over and over that there would be a 45 minute wait. We were fine with that, given we could get a drink and appetizer.  However, that too took a while (and for the price, the drink was quite small).  After a few seat changes, we ended up on the balcony overlooking the street below and had enough to keep us entertained while we waited.  The staff was very sweet and we enjoyed conversations with the manager, as things calmed down.
Wow what Can I say About This place The Guanaquita Restaurant is truly a hidden Gem Plzz no mistaking with Mexican food far from it Im very proud of my culture an proud that I can eat Authentic Salvadoran food . I always Start with my Fav Sopa de Mondongo Ooooohh Heaven :))) that the Beef an Tripe Soup then I end my lunch with 2 pupusas Revueltas with the spicey salsa Big Fan of The Pupusas very tasty good portion not at all Greasy. Did I mention the service Amazing :)) greeted with smiles very attentive all on all The Guanaquita Restaurant is defenitly a 5 star.
Good food, low prices. Huge menu. Our server was polite and on top of everything. Above a barfly bar. If the weather is nice, get the balcony seating to enjoy the show. Only buggaboo was we came shortly after noon Saturday and the place wasn't yet open (despite the sign).  Have to say the refried beans were some of the best I've ever had.
Delicious!  We stopped in here later on a Friday evening and the service wad fast and friendly. They had dance lessons going on that were fun to watch.  The guanaquita dip was amazing to share to start our meal. I had the smoothy that was delicious but impossible to drink through a straw.  I had the nachos as my main and they were better than any nachos I've ever had. Little chucks of steak were so much better than the ground beef you usually get. My partner had the steak burrito and said it was the best he's ever had. Our bill came to $40 including alcohol and a tip. We will definitely be back!
Yelp made me put a star in the rating, but i really didn't want to...We arrived later on a Friday evening to find the place full. We asked the hostess if we could eat at the bar, and that was fine. We sat there looking at the menus for around 15 minutes, right in front of the bartender, who never once acknowledged us as two customers sitting there with nothing to drink. We waited a few more minutes and eventually left and went somewhere else to eat. Itts too bad because I have read a lot of good things about it. I dont think we will ever try again, but who knows....
Based on the food, this is a four-star restaurant. The service really brings it down to  a three.   The ambiance of the restaurant is fine - it's a bit strange because the decorations are obviously Greek, which we got a kick out of. But no big deal - what matters is the food!   The service was quite slow - although we were asked about drinks shortly after sitting down, our server returned more than ten minutes later without the drinks to take our orders and then brought them out rather slowly and one at a time. When I asked about what to order if I'd never had Salvadoran food before our server helpfully suggested a few sampler dinners and what each one includes, but when I started asking about food off the sampler platter he couldn't explain what the food was or what it tastes like because he'd never had it. He also suggested the fajitas, but we didn't opt for them because he couldn't tell us whether they were the same as regular fajitas (which we can get most places).   On to the food: There are two sampler platters - one with set items (pork and cheese pupusas, beef and vegetable pastelito, choice of beef or chicken enchilada, and chicken tamales) and another that lets you choose any combo of four pupusas, pastelitos, enchiladas, tamales, and tacos. Since a few people got the set platter I decided to try a few different items and got the customizable one, which I think was more than worth the extra dollar! I had the pork, beans, cheese, and loroco (loroco is apparently a type of flower - the server didn't know what they were and had never tried them, so I Googled it!) pupusa and it was my favourite item. I also strongly prefered the sweet corn tamale to the chicken one - but that's just me! The meal came with salsa (mild, medium, or hot) and a side of vinegar coleslaw that tasted almost pickled.   One more word on the food: The enchiladas - they are NOT like Mexican enchiladas! They are more like a giant, extreme nacho. They are really tasty, but you will be surprised if you're expecting a Mexican enchilada. (Nicaraguan enchiladas are also different - they're more like an empanada... must be a thing with enchiladas).   I would have liked to try dessert but by the time we were asked about it we'd been at the restaurant for two hours and were worried about getting a ticket for street parking (maxes out at two hours).   You could eat here for under $10, but the platter with drinks put our bill for two people up to $35, so I'm putting it in the $$ category.
The food was astonishingly good.   The service was very slow, which was OK since I was there with friends and time.   I'll definitely give them a chance to show me the service was an aberration.   The food would get as many stars as I could give them.
The best authentic Salvadorian food in Kitchener. I'd been at The Guanaquita many times and found all their dishes amazing and fresh made, fast and very friendly service, it has a full bar, and on Fridays and Saturdays, they have free dancing classes too, and the prices are very reasonables.
I liked the food, but some things need improvement!  Why 4 stars ? Well, food is Great, don't get me wrong... BUT there are 2 things i want to mention: 1. I waited 35 minutes for my TO-GO order to be ready, when on the phone lady told me 15. 2. And the biggest one- I GOT DIFFERENT FOOD from what i ordered! LOL How did this happen? anyway, i was so hungry that just ate it instead of coming back and waiting another 35 minutes for them to correct their mistake.  I wouldn't stay there as it is an outdated place, but maybe will order to-go here and there and OPEN the package before to leave to make sure its what i want lol
The food at the restaurant was AMAZING. I rarely give out five stars, but this restaurant really deserves it. I ordered the Guanaquita Platter, which had bright flavours and will keep me coming back! The service was also very friendly, with prices that are surprisingly low!
Authentic Salvadorean food is especially hard to find.  When I found out there was a Salvadorean restaurant nearby in Downtown Kitchener, I just had to go try it out.   The Guanaquita Restaurant is located up a long flight of stairs up above a watering hole near King & Water. The look of the restaurant will throw first time customers off as it is noticeably Greek. Perhaps, it used to be Greek restaurant in a past life. There is a small patio facing King Street and a dance floor for various events happening at the restaurant.   Since I lived nearby, I always called ahead for take out and never had a chance to sit down so I cannot comment on the service. It usually takes them 15-20 minutes to get your order ready.    One of the most commonly ordered plates is the Guanaquita Platter - a set platter with pork and cheese pupusas, beef or chicken enchilada, chicken tamales and a beef & vegetable empanada. The platter also came with a side of salsa (I always get the hot one) and coleslaw.   All the items in the platter were made fresh and full of flavour and reminded me of  The salsa also added the extra kick needed for me when eating Latin American food. I was not a fan of the coleslaw though.   The only caveat for me is that it is closed on Sundays and Mondays.   All in all, a great place for some Salvadorean food whether it is your first time or whether you are just satisfying a craving.
This restaurant is fantastic! It's located in the heart of downtown Kitchener but feels like it's a world away. The waiters are super friendly and offer suggestions very willingly when you ask them. The menu is extensive. I got the pupusa platter. For $6.50 you get to pick two pupusas and a drink. I got the pork, beans and cheese for the first one and chicken and cheese for the second. The pork was my favourite. So flavorful. They are so rich that you get full with two pupusas. My cousin got the vegetarian options which include zucchini and some greens which were also very tasty. They also have dance classes every other Tuesday for a donation of $5
Loved the food and the friendly service . I ordered a vegetarian platter based on the recommendation of the waitress.  I honestly had no idea what I was eating or how to pronounce it - but I loved all of it.  Adding this little unassuming gem to the roster of places to eat at lunch time.
I have never tasted Salvadorian food but I was feeling adventurous and thought it would be similar to Mexican so I decided to try it!  I can now say I love Salvadorian food :) I tried the combo platter which lets you choose four dishes off the menu.  I won't try to spell the dishes but I will tell you each one we tried was fresh, flavourable, homemade with love and delicious.   The staff was patient and helpful explaining the dishes, very good service.   We will be back very soon, my husband is still talking about the food! Give something new a try, you won't regret it!
I saw a promo for Milagro Grill's opening on TV and thought I would check it out with a girlfriend of mine. We had a great time. The service was good and food awesome. We shared the Salsa Trio (great chips!)   We tried the PB &J appetizer (from TV) Very unusual-loved the sauce. Also had the Papa y carne (flatbread with skirt steak) yummie.  The Habenero Margarita (think rasberries!) was awesome. Finished up with the Churro's-the mousse was delicious and Avacodo Cheesecake-cheese cake was ok, but the mango salsa was out of this world. They are still working out the kinks, but looks like it will be a new neighborhood hang out place. Can't wait to try the patio out when it gets cooler.
Impromptu visit to Milagros yesterday as it has finally opened. In between lunch and dinner, but wanted to check it out anyway. Great vibe and rich look, they have really transformed this space.  Fixed my eyes on the Mahi tacos, price aside, some of the best fish tacos I've had in a long time. Fresh Mahi, hand made tortilla's, pickled red onions, thinly sliced chili peppers, three little gems on a plate. Sumptuous! I asked for " something " spicy and my server brought a very unusual side of a thick spicy blended sauce that fulfilled the craving for heat.   I can't believe the size of the patio they added and can't wait for cooler weather to enjoy it at happy hour. Great addition to the Arcadia restaurant scene. Congrats to all the Johnsons on this endeavor.
Finally, a delicious Mexican(fusion) restaurant in Arcadia!  I have been twice now already and both trips were amazing from beginning to end. Food, drinks and service have been top notch.  Everything I've had so far has been fantastic but the standouts to me have been the PB & J de Puerco, the Costilla taco and the Costilla Plate and the salmon dinner, Pez Plancha which was my favorite.  I might actually go in today to try the grilled Mahi tacos and to fill up my growler with the Papago Orange Blossom beer! Can't wait to watch some NFL there and enjoy the patio.  Keep it up Milagro!
Had some amazing cuisine at Milagro's. The chef is truly an innovative genius. Our food was so unique and delicious. Plus, the weather was so nice that we sat out on their beautiful patio and watched the sunset on the purple mountains. I highly recommend the PB & J appetizer. It's nothing you have ever had before I can assure you. I would also highly recommend the swordfish dish and tacos.
Wow! I just returned home after eating at Milagro Grill and let me tell you-I don't want to eat anything else because I never want the taste in my mouth to go away! It was fantastic! I enjoyed the pollo tacos, and the person I was with had the al pastor-I snuck a taste, and the flavors were out of this world.  The service was fantastic, from the moment we walked in, to the moment we were out the door. The chef has mad skills, and we will be back because I live close and the food is worth it. Just GO!
I enjoyed another great evening at Milagro Grill. We shared flatbread, quesadillas, ribeye/chimichurri skewers, guacamole, salsa, divine gazpacho, sangria, and fantastic innovative desserts. A great place to celebrate, take friends, or enjoy a tequila flight on the patio!!!! We will be back soon. Thanks to James, Ben, and all the skilled staff!
We were excited to try this new place which was to be the third restaurant in this location. If word travels, and it will, it will be Milagro Gills permanent residence.    We started out with the Cadillac Margarita which was excellent. The chips and salsa aren't complimentary but once you taste the fire roasted tomato salsa, you forget about that. We ordered the Grilled Chicken Balsalmic Salad, Steak Tacos, and Pork Tacos. The salad was fresh and the chicken amazingly tender and flavorful and the cilantro added to the lettuce gave it a nice flavor.   Both guests with the tacos were impressed with their flavorful meat, but disappointed with the size of them. If you are familiar with the size of Chipoltes tacos, they are actually smaller. So needless to say, they were looking for more food as the tacos didn't come with anything else. Really our only complaint, and I would have given 5 stars had it not been for this.   Desert was the Chocolate Churros which we couldn't get enough of! They are small crispy Churros with chocolate and cinnamon sugar and you have caramel and an eggnog type mousse to dip them in. So delectable!  We will absolutely be going back and we were pleased to find that our out of town guest thought it was a great choice as well. Can't wait to try out the patio come October.
Awesome food!!  Ate there about a week ago while traveling.  PBJ appetizer was great.  Tacos were excellent.   Drinks just right.  Well worth the time.  Highly recommend.
So i read all the glowing reviews of this place, and knowing the history of the joint, i was excited to try out the new place.   As Richard Attenborough would say, they "spared no expense" in the remodel. They've transformed a generic Joey's of Chicago into a classy, snappy decor, with a twist on the unisex bathrooms. The patio outside is very welcoming when the weather permits and they did throw in a couple of TVs to catch the game.  They've added the prerequisite in Arcadia, dual garage door that opens the bar onto the patio. Should be a nice touch in a few months.   We were greeted promptly and found a nice hi-top in the bar area. The wine and beer list is extensive. We were informed of the happy hour specials and decided that would be our focus for this visit.   We started with their Dulce Camarones---small lightly battered fried shrimp with slice veggie garnish on a bed of lettuce with aioli. This dish was disappointing, the shrimp was small and had a very mild taste. The aioli was the strongest flavor by far, and that was muted. Then we tried the Carne Tacos and the pork tacos. The carne was moist, and delicious, the pork was mediocre. Each order came with three tacos, which were 2-3 bites each.   We finished off with  Alitas (Grilled Wings) coated with Habanero glaze. These had a pleasant yet mild flavor, but not as spicy as I had hoped  So why the three stars? Well I'd give them 2.5 if I could. Maybe my expectations were too high based upon the previous reviews. We spent 34 dollars including tip, and didn't order any drinks. Meh, I expected and wanted more from my visit.
Great food, great drinks, great service, great atmosphere.    It's a little pricier than your standard street-taco place.  The portions are human sized - not too huge - which means that you can try a few different things without being over-stuffed.  Each of the items we shared was truly great.  Guac, short-ribs tacos, fish tacos, carnitas, mac&cheese - all fantastic!  The flavors are a little more subtle than the in-your-face Mexican style that is familiar to Phoenix, but foodies should LOVE it.
Tried this place for happy hour last night- was never really told what was on the happy hour menu, and after looking at our bill, apparently did not order anything on the happy hour menu.  Our server was nice, but a bit spacey. Delivered my margarita with no salt when I had asked for salt, and a vodka martini up, instead of on the rocks as was asked. No big deal, can overlook that.  The food was good, and it was pretty unique. The chips, salsa and guacamole were very good. Tried the ghost salsa, also a favorite. It'll get ya though, so go lightly the first chip or two.  The mahi fish tacos were good, decent amount of fish on each taco. Also had the veggie quesadilla, pretty good.  The menu and drink lists are eclectic, and the decor is beautiful. The patio is awesome, and I am sure as the weather turns, it will become increasingly popular.  With that said, I hope that this restaurant does well. They certainly have some kinks to work out, but noting too severe that should prevent Milagro Grill from becoming successful!
I really liked the look and decor of this restaurant with the bar that has garage doors that open onto the big patio and the separate between bar and dining area. Although, our biggest complaint was that there were three little kids running around the bar. I love kids, but kids in the bar is a personal pet peeve of mine. :-)  I had the pork tacos which were okay, but were very small and the pork would be more flavorful if it was shreaded instead of in large pieces. My friend had the steak tacos and she loved them, but also thought they were too small. We loved the chips, salsa, and guacamole! I also had a rasberry, habanero margarita and it was amazing! Perhaps too spicy for some, but not for me.  Our 3 tiny tacos were $7 and that was from the happy hour menu. The only good deals for happy hour here are that they have a $1 beer and a $2 beer, but neither of us drink beer so sadly I doubt we will venture back.
My daughter-in-law and I ate there on the patio last night.  We wanted to try it because we're a fan of supporting locally owned and operated businesses. Of all things, I forgot to ask that question! Not knowing what to expect, we were pleasantly surprised.  Great SW style Mexican food.  Great Sangria and delicious chips and salsa. Service was good until we got our food, then the water became sparse.  Other than that everything was pretty good. We'll be going back!
We went to Milagro Grill for the 2nd time and it was delicious again.  The ambiance and patio are very nice.  The service is fast and friendly.  And the food is fantastic.  This time we had the chips and guac and pb&j appetizer.  Wow, both are wonderful.  We also had the chicken and chorizo mac n cheese-fantastic and filling!  Last time we had tacos with pineapple which was also wonderful.  Can't believe the place isn't packed every night  We live in the area and will go back soon!  You should too.
Went here for HH last week and it was awesome! They have a nice outdoor seating. I had their wings which were $6 and great portions too! Their cucumber ranch dressing for the wings were awesome too! Chips, salsa, and guacamole was very fresh and tasty! I will be coming back again soon!
I liked this place. Great Atmosphere and music. Their Guacamole and Salsa is really good. Service was good too, My server (forgot his name) came by often to check on me (Or because he thought I was gonna run out on the bill) and was really nice. I had the Carne flatbread, surprisingly good! Id definitely come back when I have have the money  Good place for a date as well!
Having lived in Arcadia for the majority of my life, I'm always excited to see a new neighborhood spot open up! And, being the Mexican food junkie that I am, Milagro seemed right up my alley.  We decided to check it out on a Sunday night around 7PM and since there were going to be 5 of us, I made a reservation just to play it safe. Considering the fact they had just opened the week prior, this wasn't necessarily a must. We were seated right away and promptly greeted by our friendly server. There were a few other tables of families scattered throughout the fully remodeled Mexican grill but it wasn't crazy busy. It's hard to imagine this being Joey's of Chicago or Rhumbi just a few short months ago.  Being a sucker for a good salsa (I really do feel like that can make or break a Mexican restaurant), we decided to start out with the salsa trio and the fresh, traditional guacamole. The guacamole was amazing and the salsas were nice with a unique touch! Now I tend to like everything really spicy and I didn't find any of the salsas to have too much of a "kick" to them, but they were delicious none-the-less.  After perusing the drink menu for some time, I finally decided on the Sandia Diablo (jalapeño-infused Tito's vodka, watermelon purée, cranberry, and pressed lime). This was outstanding! Seeing as how I am quite the vodka-cran aficionado, this sounded like a perfect, Mexican-infused twist on my favorite classic.  For dinner we all opted for different dishes so we could try a variety of menu items. I'm always a taco person so I went with the carne tacos (3 to an order). These were pretty darn good...nicely seasoned with refreshing toppings that complimented the meat well. Now most menu options seemed to be served a la carte, so we ordered a variety of sides to try. Our table had two orders of the basmati rice which I must say was definitely different. It had a very balsamic taste to it (which I didn't mind because I love vinegar), however, it is not your traditional rice. We also tried the frijoles blancos and frijoles rancheros which were both delicious!  Now this isn't going to be your traditional Mexican restaurant. If you are looking for cheese crisps and enchiladas, you'd be better off going next door to Tee Pee. However, at Tee Pee you can expect to find twice the grease and half the quality. Milagro is going to be a little on the pricier side but hey, if the food is good it doesn't bother me. One thing I will say is that I wouldn't mind seeing some fajitas or enchiladas on their menu in the future!  If you haven't yet driven past Milagro, one of their main draws is the huge expansion of the patio. With the weather cooling down, this will be a huge key to their success! I look forward to chips and salsa filled Happy Hours spent relaxing on the patio with a Sandia Diablo in hand.  Overall it was good food, good drinks, good atmosphere, and I am definitely excited to have another restaurant option nearby!
OK.. First let me say I am a fan. Very tasty and unique flavored street tacos. I ordered the al pastor with the pineapple and the flavors were wonderful. Loved the taste of the tortillas. Yes, they are more of the smaller street taco size but not anywhere near the "not much bigger then a 50 cent coin"  post I saw earlier.  As a person being conscious of calorie counting right now I loved that ithis restaurant only uses one tortilla per taco as opposed to some other places that put two tortillas per taco just to make them more filling, and that Milagro concentrated more on the flavor.  I also ordered the rancho beans which were very tasty and served in a small side pot.  Very friendly service from the waiter and a comfortable atmosphere even for one person dining alone. I do plan on returning, as my waiter suggested, for the Saturday brunch they have coming up for cervezas on the patio and some football watching.  The only reason I gave it a 4 instead of a 5 star is just the price point.  $15 for 3 tacos and a side of beans is a bit more on the pricey side for a lunch meal. I think they will figure that out with all the feedback and of course the build out on the place could not have been cheap.  When that happens my star will surely become a 5.  I for one am hoping this place sticks around.
I got the carne asada tacos and they were pretty tasty plus they had a great selection of tequilas.
Pacifico on tap!  Glad I have a DD :-) - that was my tip for Milagro Grill.  Yes, I'm a Pacifico fan, and yes, having it on tap is so much better than bottled.  The wife and daughter and I came in for dinner early on a Friday evening.  We were hoping to get on the patio, as the weather is perfect for that this time of year.  Unfortunately, there was a raucous bachelor party that had reserved the entire patio, so we chose a booth in the bar.  Milagro Grill fills out a spot in a small shopping center just west of 44th street on Indian School road.  This space has hosted other franchise operations that came and went, it just didn't seem like a good location.  I always wondered why they did not extend a patio out toward the road, and I guess the owners of Milagro Grill thought the same - and did it.  Inside it has been totally redesigned, and has a dark, classy feel in the intimate dining room.  The bar sits between two open garage doors that lead out to a nice patio deck.  The feel is upscale and doesn't shout Mexican at all.  The food is as classy and tasty as the decor, having a more central Mexican/fusion vibe to it.  Scoffing at the tradional complimentary bowl of chips and salsa, Milagro charges $4 for a decent-sized bowl of fresh and warm chips, with a small boat of mild salsa to go with it.  As I finished my Pacifico, the waittress came by to see if I wanted a refill - on tap as well as Pacifico, they had a kiltlifter, and a Vermont IPA called Magic Hat, the acoustics here aren't the greatest and with the noisy crowd in the background, I couldn't tell if she was saying Magic Cat, Mat, Fat, Pat or Rat, but no, it was Hat.  And it was good.  Moving on, we ordered our entrees, I had Costilla Tacos, the wife had Pescado ala Parilla and the daughter, of course, had Pollo tacos.  Service was unobtrusive and professional and our dinner arrived quickly.  My three Costilla tacos were a nice blend of shredded short-ribs, mixed with cabbage and peanuts, red pepper and pasilla chile with a hint of dried cherries.  It was quite an interesting take on a taco - where you expect bold, hot flavors, this was more of almost a fruity-sweet flavor.  It was not bad at all, and quite different.  The wife was too busy eating her tacos made with Grilled mahi-mahi, serrano, Avocado and cabbage,  but she did comment that it was delicous as well.  The daughter ate the chicken out of her tacos and said it was good, being a teenager, that's pretty much a rave review.  We finished our dinner and sat for a while, cleaning up the chip-crumbs from the bowl, not feeling rushed at all and enjoying the ambiance.  The bill came out just over $50 which was not bad for dinner and drinks for three, but prolly a little more than I would want to spend for a typical casual dinner.  The warm and cozy ambiance lends itself more to couples dining than family, although we did not feel out of place - and the service was superb.
Just went here for some snacks. Had a margarita which was delicious (not too sweet or made with fake mixes). Started with the guacamole and salsa trio - the guacamole was excellent and the salsas had yummy different flavors. Also tried a couple flatbreads which were quite good. Ended with the cheesecake and the spicy chocolate cake, both were awesome. Pistachio ice cream with the cake was great!   I love OHSO down the street, but the food at Milagro was MUCH better and more flavorful.    Will have to try the tacos next time, I heard they just won Best Tacos at the Taco festival.
I was at this restaurant in their first week and wrote a quick tip about how good the carne asada flatbread was. I did not review the service or anything else at the time because if you go into any restaurant expecting perfect service within their first few weeks of opening, you need get off your high horse and come on back to the real world.  My girlfriend and I have been back at least four times since their opening week and you can see that they've really ironed out the kinks. I think we had so-so service once and great service every time thereafter.   Atmosphere: Somewhat dramatic with a industrial chic feel. Great for dates. I also picture myself doing a bit of Sunday Funday drinking out on their huuuge patio.   Drinks: They have a great selection of beers on tap with a few I haven't seen at other places including orange blossom and their own house beer. My girlfriend likes their spicy margarita but is usually drawn to their bubbles i.e. prosecco.   Food: I reiterate, THE FLATBREADS ARE AMAZING!! I have had all of them by now and each one has been great, they've even added a shrimp flatbread with grapes that I think beats the carne asada one. A feat I didn't think possible. The PB&J de puerco is so good I am drooling thinking about it, slow cooked pork belly, slow cooked tomato jam, peanut puree on a soft torta-esque bun, as Homer Simpson used to say, mmmmm...pb&j de puerco (tongue out drooling).    I heard they are going to start doing brunch soon, all I have to say is, sign me up!
This was a great lunch date spot. Service was friendly but unobtrusive. We sat on the patio because it was an inviting November afternoon in the 70s. Highly recommend the table side guacamole, though the salsa portion could use more heat. Definitely big fan of short rib and al pastor tacos...flavorful but not overpowering And yes, leave room for the churros...best ending and pure happiness in my mouth :)
First off, if you're coming from the West on Indian School pay attention to the sign that says Milagro Grill is in 400 yards or feet or whatever it says.  Otherwise it's sort of hard to find. The address is 4280 E. Indian School.  It's right across the street from another of my favorite spots, La Fontanella's if that helps!   First thing in the door, we were greeted enthusiastically by the Host.  She welcomed us and seated us with a terrific attitude.  Then Katie, our server greeted us and took our drink order.  Water was brought out right away.  We decided on Iced Tea, as opposed to an alcoholic beverage.  It was eleven in the morning and I don't want to appear to be a total lush!  The Iced Tea was nice and strong, the way I like it.  Black tea and plenty of it!  The manager Jared Johnson came over and introduced himself. We discussed my gluten free status and he said he was trying to learn very quickly about gluten free eating.  He said that the kitchen was very good about knowing how to prepare gluten free foods and he was trying to make sure they do things right.  Everything is made fresh onsite, which should help with that!  They seem very concerned about making their customer's dietary needs a priority.   While we were talking, my husband commented that I loved guacamole and he'd read that their guac was amazing so Jared sent their homemade guacamole out, which is made fresh, with home made chips and their salsa de la casa, made with cascabel chili.This House Salsa was so smokey and flavorful without having a "traditional" salsa taste.  It was kind of a nutty flavor which just has to be tried!    Looking over the Brunch menu did have it's drawbacks.  The names and descriptions were sort of baffling.  Something they MIGHT want to think about changing.....but Katie was great about explaining each one!  I had the Enfrijoladas, which was basically chicken enchiladas with a white bean and tomatillo sauce....topped with an egg (I opted for scrambled).  I was blown away by the smokey taste of the chicken.  It also had some cheese but what I loved was the bean and tomatillo puree.  There was definitely a smooth hotness factor but it was so subtle and appealing that I really enjoyed it.  My husband opted for the Chorizo Con Huevos which was a flatbread with a very mild Chorizo, some charred tomato, potato and cheese with an egg on top.  He really enjoyed it and thought that the flavors went very well together.  He said the only thing he'd change is maybe have the egg on the side.  But who doesn't love pizza for breakfast?   We were really blown away with the quality of the food as well as the super efficient staff.  They have a smokin' hot terrific happy hour as well, which we are going back for specifically!  I want to try a Milagro Margarita!    The gorgeous Retro '70's feel to the decor and the large, easy to sit in chairs impressed me!  Oh, did I happen to mention they are the 2012 AZ Taco Festival Grand Champion's?  When you go in just take a look at all the awards they have received.  Quite impressive and I know WHY!  These people know how to cook and how to serve a customer. .  I am impressed!
My husband, father in law and I went to Milagros grill for my husband's birthday. All I can really say is DELICIOUS!!! I had the papa y carne flatbread and it's one of the best meals I've had... ever. My husband had the surf and turf and my father in law had the short ribs. Everything was delicious. The atmosphere was great. I was so happy that we chose to go there. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is the service could have been a bit better. We will definitely be back!
I couldn't tell you what a single morsel of their food tasted like.  Went there tonight (a Saturday night) at 8pm and the place was empty, only 4 tables of people seated in the dining room and a couple of people at the bar.  Our group was seated promptly by the hostess and then we just sat.  A guy brought us water about 5 minutes after being seated and then we just continued to sit for another 10 minutes.  No one acknowledged us ever again.  The table of people sitting directly behind us had their server stop by twice as we just continued to sit there.  You'd think the server would say something and let us know that he'd be right with us...didn't happen.  I was ready to order a $22 entree and a $16 glass of wine, but apparently they didn't care.  So after 15 minutes of being completely ignored and sipping on our waters, we got up and left and had a great meal at another close by restaurant.  As we were leaving Milagro Grill, the hostess was very nice and thanked us for coming.  Hilarious...these people are clueless! With all of the options in this neighborhood you'd think they'd be on top of things.  Good luck Milagro Grill, you're gonna need it!
My husband and I have been here a few times now.  We love that it is walking distance from our house and the outdoor patio is great!  Staff is always super friendly and courteous, even when we are "those people" bringing our stroller with infant.  Food is awesome and so is there sangria.  Everything I have eaten has been phenomenol, with the exception of the wings.  The wings need a lot of help!  They were fatty, and rubbery.  Not a fan.. but everything else is A+
I love the patio and I love the food.  Great chips and salsa and french fries too!  Steak tacos are the bomb, even though they are tiny.  Pretty decent happy hour and great service.  Welcome to the neighborhood!
Wow! Welcome to the neighborhood! The owner, Jarrett (sorry if I messed the spelling up) is a friendly guy. He came over and said hi. He nailed it with this place.  The guacamole is fresh and cold and the most wonderful texture and flavor...the chips are thin and crispy...the patio is so relaxing. I love this place!  After the guacamole, I had the Tostadas de Costilla. Which were delicious. The portion was adequate, but I wish I had one more little tostada. The short rib was perfectly sauced and the mix of unusual flavors was perfect.   I can't wait to try the Pastel de Abuela - their own description says: Granny's spicy chocolate cake with candied fresno chiles and pistachio ice cream - YUM! I haven't tried it yet because every time I go to this place I get full from eating all of the other goodies.   The decor is really, lovely, too. It is artistic and chic in a way that isn't cold or pretentious. It's just pretty and there are lots of lovely fixtures and pieces of art to look at.  As if this place couldn't get any better...It is mellow dog friendly, too!
Excellent!
This is the first time I've ever written anything about a restaurant, but I couldn't help but put in a good word because I LOVE this place. I've been here about five times already and I've had a good sampling of the menu.   The place has a really hip, low-key feel. I sat next to the chef (James) on one of my trips there on a Saturday afternoon, and he gave a better description, calling it "upscale chill." Totally on the mark with that. The decor - especially the wall behind the bar is really chic. As far as everything else - super clean, great atmosphere, a couple of TVs, not too pricy, especially for the quality! Would be a great first-date, get-to-know-someone type of place.   On to the food (my favorite part!): The chips and guacamole are just insane. So good, I don't even know what to tell you other than just to get it.   A couple of other dishes I've had that pretty much blew my mind were the Swordfish and the tacos. The swordfish came with like a white bean gumbo that was just mouthwatering. I think I shoveled that in my mouth like I was Homer Simpson, I might not have even chewed it.   I've also had each of the varieties of tacos they make (chicken, steak, pork, salmon) and I think I like the salmon the best.   I've also had their flat bread shrimp pizza as well, and though it might not have been the healthiest thing I've ever eaten, it was simply incredible, and I'll be back for more of it!    One other thing. I'm not a huge drinker, but they had a nice selection of wines and beers I liked (Pacifico!). They also make a fresh mango lemonade that I will also tell you to order. Like everything else on the menu, it went down so smooth.
Absolutely amazing! Mac n' Cheese is the best I have ever had. My wife is on the gluten free diet, if I could have their tacos every day I would go gluten free as well! A must go... You will return!
RIP OFF! Wow!  What a waste of money. Ordered the Pollo Caldo soup, because another Yelp reviewer said the bowl was so big they needed a step ladder to get to the soup, and it filled up two women.  Unless these women were really coked out, there's no way this tiny, eenie beenie little bowl filled two of them, much less one person, who's not very big, with a not very big appetite to match. Add to that, it was tasteless.  So disappointing. Had to add siracha to make it even worth eating. Also ordered the Papa Y Carne flatbread for my dining companion.  Decent, but NOT worth $12.  You can get much better for the same price all over the Valley. You certainly won't get full on it.  We eat out at least 2-4 times a week. This will NEVER be on our visit again list. So disappointed.
The food is delicious, the service was grand and very attentive, and the decor is delightful. It really is a pretty restaurant. They have the best Churros with Carmel dipping sauce. I ate a lot of them in Spain and it is hard to find good ones here. A suggestion would be to offer a deep dipping chocolate option too.   I read the two bad reviews and have no idea what that is all about. They were all over us with great service and the only other restaurant with as good street tacos and such is Gallo Blanco. I did not try the chips or Guacamole. I might have to go back if it is as good as others say.
I have been to Milagro Grill three times now and every time seems to be getting better and better. We went in for dinner this last Saturday with 7 of us in our party, we sat on the patio which is beautiful and very inviting hard to believe this was Joey's of Chicago before. We started off with a couple of the flatbreads and margaritas for the table. Let me tell you that the margaritas are out of this world, there is nowhere in the area that you can get a hand crafted margarita like these ones. For my entrée I had the carne asada taco's and they were delicious, cooked perfectly and seasoned to a tee! The service here is great the waiters are very prompt and everyone is very friendly. This is a MUST try if you are in the area!!!
I peered in startled trepidation over the mound of crispy, delicious fries on my plate.  Just beyond, two large, disc-shaped objects with a fluted rim had also landed in front of my wife and daughter, sitting across from each other.  Was this an invasion?!?!  Mini-flying saucers, and they were invading our dinner table - for what?  To declare it sovereign?  Suddenly, a gush of hot liquid poured from the sky, filling the giant discs partially with an aromatic, steamy pool of stock.    PHEW!  not an invasion, just Caldo De Pollo served in giant-sized bowls.  I mean the lips on these things were about four inches wide!  You practically had to take the stairs to get to the soup.  Resting next to those fries that had been tossed with a crumbly cotijo cheese, was a delicious, juicy Hamburguesa, served on a toasted Bolillo bun, with Crispy Bacon, Jalepeno, Red Onion and Tomato shoved in there with it.  A slice of melty Manchego cheese and a dollop of "Milagro Sauce"  finished it off.  We started the meal with a traditional chips and salsa, augmented with a cup of fresh guacamole.  The chips were salty and hot and dipped in the chunky guacamole were delicious.  For drinks, the wife and I had draft, Modelo Especial, served in large, fluted beer glasses.  I had to follow that up with a Magic Hat #9, which is a tangy and tasty microbrew from Vermont.  As always, I ordered my burger  (Pronounced HomBer - Gaysa) according to my college-educated daughter.  I guess those years of conversational Spanish helped :-), anyway, medrare.  The burger came out overcooked, but only medium, so it was not bad at all.  I asked for a dish of the Milagro sauce on the side to dip the fries in, and it's yer basic Chipotle Mayo, but delicious as well.  The ladies had difficulty finishing their soup and a shared flatbread - Chicken Caesar flatbread, which they both agreed was very good, but the soup was also more filling than they expected.  My Gold-Canyon burger was also very tasty and with the giant mound of fries, I could not eat it all either.  We dined on the patio as we love patio dining, and the hostess first seated us at a tall table with stools, which was uncomfortable and the table rocked violently if you even breathed hard.  Our waiter generously offered to move us to a table on the other side of the patio, which worked out perfectly.  This waiter was very outgoing and personable, unlike his partner who seemed a bit snooty.  Not a big deal, but it kinda makes you feel a bit unwelcome to be treated with a waiter talking down his nose at you, however, in his defense, he did warm up by the end of the meal.  Everybody in the restaurant seemed to be waiting on tables in one way or another, even the bartender came out and made sure our beers were full, and it appeared that the manager was just as involved in customer service.  With the heaters on the patio, it was a relaxing, enjoyable evening.    Milagro grill is definitely doing something right here, the decor is upscale, the unisex bathrooms are clean (at least the one I tried was) and the place has a relaxed, urban feel.  It's a bit pricey for a neighborhood hangout, but they definitely deliver on the food front.
Two words....SOOOO GOOD!  A buddy of mine had told me about this place from this big Taco competition that Milagro apparently won every category in, so OF COURSE I'm going to check it out! The decor is really nice and they have a great patio, which is where we sat. The service was SPOT ON, not a dang thing wrong..at all. We ordered the house chips and salsa ($5), that was perfectly spicy without being too much. I ordered the carne tacos and a side of these white beans with sofrito and cotijo. The tacos were around $9 and the beans, maybe $4? We also got my daughter and or fries with this great pink sauce, for $4. My wife got this flatbread with manchego, tomato and greens, around $8. All in all, super impressed. the tacos were perfect, the tortillas thin and cooked to perfection. The carne was well flavored and pretty tender. Wifey really enjoyed her flatbread. The fries were cooked perfectly and the sauce was SO MONEY! My beans were undercooked and underseasoned, but they remade them and I just took them to go. All in all, I'm super pumped to come back and try some other great things on their menu! Way to go Milagro!!
We had a large group (14) or so.  I was really appreciative that the restaurant was willing to accomodate a large group and our server even split the checks that evening.  The first item (guacamole uniquo) which had guac and crab was so salty it had to be sent back.  The second order came out beautifuly and was delicious.  The rest of the entrees seemed hit or miss.  A girlfriend had to send back a glass of one twice since both glasses had turned.  The burger was tasty.  I am mixed on the tacos which seem pricey (three tacos without any accompanyments left many of us hungry).  The flatbreads were tasty but overly cheesed, and tended to be oily.  I'm still wanting to try out their brunch which looks tasty.   Service was not great.  To be fair, we were a large party and there was another realy large party on the patio, but we would put in orders and wait and wait and wait about 20 minutes before someone checked in on us only to find that our drink orders hadn't been put into the bar. I'm excited to have this addition to the neighborhood but probably won't go back for dinner for another few months.
I've been to this cozy little spot on Indian School Road a few times. The first time it was quite busy & packed and didn't really get a chance to get a feel for the place. We only had drinks but the service was outstanding. Thanks to the good service, I suggested  to a friend that we return for Happy Hour. I love the HH menu. It was quiet this time around and really enjoyed atmosphere.  Last night, I was invited out to meet friends for dinner. Since I'm doing my best to maintain my Size 4 figure, it's not all too often that I order a full entree for myself. While ordering, I noticed a pollo entree that was being served to a table next to ours and decided to give it a try. Chicken was a heavenly delight! I sampled a few bites of various tacos at our table and everything was just amazing. Milagro Cafe will be at the top of my list for Happy Hour & Dinner. Cheers***
Tried to support the local neighborhood business this place is not worth it.the papa y carne flat bread was made with potato chips and was terrible the burger had much stuff on it then meat   The manager changed the tv channel over our head but did not even ask how our meal or expierece was.  The waiter lost care about us when we said the food was "ok" he never came back again other then to bring the bill .
This place has a terrific patio, great service, and great food/drinks.  Really fun spot for relaxing with friends and good conversation.
I live around the corner from this place. I am happy to see a place be successful in this location! Bonus: Patio, Orange Blossom on tap, guac and salsas are on point, carne asada skewer is the best thing I've ever put in my mouth, and I can stumble home from here.   To sum up my review, two words: Mini Churros.
Had a great Valentine's dinner during our stay in Phoenix. This is a favorite of our friends' who live in Phoenix and they were right on! Great margaritas, salmon tacos, and swordfish entree. Very attentive staff.
We had localdines deal we used to check it out for the first time.  Well, be careful when going to a place that automatically charges a gratuity.  Typically this means the service will be sub-par at best.  Bingo!  It took forever to get our first drinks. So long we had time to read through the whole menu.  He did seem nice enough, but just mosied around the place.  It really wasn't terribly busy.  Ordered the hamberguesa and the grilled fish tacos.  The fish tacos were good, but the hamberguesa will leave you feeling the results later...ah!  Anyway, it took so long to get a second round of drinks one of us went to the bar to cancel order and ask for the check.  We were already done eating by then.  He did ask if everything was okay, so nice attempt, but we just wanted to leave after seeing the bill included the tip.  It does not create incentive for giving exceptional service.  This town is tough for restaurants!
Just love it !!  Good interesting menu, have loved everything we tried.  They nailed it with the decorating.  Love that the owners are Arcadia graduates.  They are so friendly.  The only negative I have is the servers,  I can't put my finger on it just felt like we were putting her out when we asked with taco plate were which, ( my faves were the short rib.)  Don't want to dwell on that because the place is so awesome.  Oh and they have growlers they can fill up, Orange Blossom is so good.
This is a long drive for me, but very well worth it.   The tacos are YUMMY and the margi's tasty.    Local Arcadia people that have been in the neighborhood forever.   Take the time, it's worth it.    Great flavor and choices.   Make it yours!
Absolutely amazing food from the guacamole to the tacos this is not your typical latin american food.  This is definitely a restaurant I will continue to go back for more.  The atmosphere at this restaurant is stunning and lively.  The staff is remarkable and quick to get you whatever you ask for.  This is one restaurant that is Mexican American fusion and the food is out of this world.  When I feel like Mexican food I will choose Milagro grill from now on.
Love this new place in Arcadia!  It's versatile, great for work lunch, happy hour with friends, or date night out on the town.  The food is great - evidenced by the many, many trophies in the entrance.  They are well deserved!       My favorite:  The costilla (short rib) tacos or tostadas. Don't pass up the chips & Guacamole - so good!   I've tried the Alitas (wings) - they defintely have some heat, so be prepared!    The portions are perfect, they are small - medium range.  I love the deco, the tree on the wall is amazing!       Definitely catch this place whenever you are in Arcadia!
Truly fantastic food. Everything was full of richly layered flavors, great presentation, friendly service. A strong competitor to Mission in old town Scottsdale.
I love this place. The food is to die for, the atmosphere is perfect and the drinks are awesome. The patio is so relaxing and the service has always been fun and friendly. We had their flatbread with beef al pastor that was really favorable. Their PB and J seems to be really popular (not your regular PB and J, by the way) but I have yet to try it. Overall, Milagro is one of my favorite places in Arcadia.
James Fox is the bomb, ba, bomb, bomb, bomb!  That's all!
The food is good but the service is miserably slow. I go there for lunch on occasion and each time it takes over an hour and I come back late.
I heard about Milagro Grill after attending the 2012 AZ Taco Festival (where they were grand champions both days). This place did not disappoint. I had a cucumber margarita and three chicken tacos. They were by far the best chicken tacos I have ever had. Their tortillas are homemade and delicious. They have a nice patio, but it was full when we arrived so we sat inside. If you are a taco lover: Go. Here. Now.
Went here on Sunday evening around 7:30.  It was not busy and we sat on the patio.  The guacamole with crab was great and so were the tacos.  We had the pork and the short rib tacos.  Highly recommend the short rib tacos.  Others on the list looked great as well.  The service was great.  We will return.
I am going to keep this short and sweet. I would recommend Milagro Grill to anyone. The food is creative and delicious. They do a fantastic job combining very different flavors to make excellent dishes. The service is good. They have always been friendly and accommodating. The drinks are great. The have numerous variations of typical drinks that work. Order the Tostadas de Costilla.
My second time to Milagro Grill and again spectacular food, service and atmosphere.  I had the Salmon with guava sauce and my friend had the burger and we couldn't stop all the oooohhhs and awwwwws, this is the best restaurant in Phoenix hands down.  We also had the guacamole with dungeness salmon and it was off the chains awesome.  The raspberry martini was fantastic.  Reed, Luke and Jarod are the best, and they have the hottest restaurant in Phoenix.  LOVE LOVE LOVE. We didn't save any room for dessert this time but we already have a day planned for that.
Yes! Talk about a flavor explosion in your mouth. Everything was extremely delicious. A+ on their guacamole. I had the salmon tacos and holy cow! They were quite delicious. My dinner date had the Al Pastor (roasted pork) tacos and he said and I quote "This place rocks!". Their skinny margarita was tasty and gets a thumbs up.   I must mention their bathrooms which were very clean and unisex. There is a row of bathrooms across from a row of sinks so it is quite possible you could be washing hands next to a dude. It was not very primping friendly. I wasn't about to start curling my eyelashes or applying lipstick when a strange boy could walk in..somehow that seemed a little awkward to me. It was just pee/wash hands/ and exit ASAP!  Anyway if you are looking for a creative Mexican fusion place with a great atmosphere-try Milagro Grill!
I have dined at Milagro Grill numerous times and not once have I had a bad experience. The staff is friendly and efficient, the food is to die for, and the cocktails are unique and refreshing! **Be sure to try the raspberry habanero margarita** The Johnson family did an amazing job at making this a friendly spot for the whole neighborhood. The managers always make it a point to stop by and greet the tables when they have a chance, and that is very important. The patio is my favorite, it puts Milagro above every other restaurant in the valley. Everyone should try the place out, its great!!
the best food:  the short rib tostadas, the tortas everything is wonderful.  enjoy the ambiance and have their brunch.  the staff and owners are great.
The salsas, tacos, fries and salads that we have tried are very good.  I have recommended it to others and have gone back 3 times in the last few months.  Nice addition to Arcadia.
Been here two other times now.  The food and service here is very good. I even gave a Spanish lesson to a server. lol--- The chef is from Mexico City so no Tex Mex here. Great happy hour place with my Girlies. Rasberry Habenero Margarita for 5 bucks, Yum!  Seven dollar plates. Yippee! This is my second favorite Mexican restaurant in town. The Guac is good, yes but still not as good as Gallo/Otro. I will have to go here more often especially since they are right next door to an "Anything Bundt Cakes."
Wife and I sat at the bar for happy hour.    All the food was awesome.  Only complaint was the mash   the PB&J (pork belly & jam) was OFF THE CHAIN!!! I'm picky about my pork belly and although skeptical about this combo I was delighted.  The  short rib Tostadas were also scrumptious.  My only complaint is the potato puree it sits on.  I love the added flavor but it makes for a messy handling.  I'd love it dolloped on top instead.    The tacos were flawless.  The prices seemed fair. Drink selection great.    I'd rather a little more focus on the the drink menu, seems a power struggle between wine, beer, and cocktails... but since the competition is light  it makes sense here.  The  service was perfect also.  Our bartender forgot to order the guac & chips, We reminded her and told her not to worry since we were full on the rest. She took the initiative to tell management and they brought it out for us at the end of our meal in a to-go bag.  INITIATIVE goes a long way.  Service is below par in the Valley, all it takes is a little initiative to change that.  Very happy!!!!  Can't wait to go for brunch next time I'm back in town.
great skewers!
Food was amazing, service was fast and friendly and the place is super clean.
Tried this place out after I saw they won the Arizona taco festival in a number of categories. After trying it myself I certainly can tell why. Their tacos have super thin tortillas that provides a flavor explosion in your mouth. The carne asada is different than a traditional carne taco but it has to be one of my favorite menu items. Everything I have tried has been good. The atmosphere is great too. I am pleasantly surprised this place is still on local dines, it's a great deal.
A pleasant-enough happy hour experience. It's got a nice, dark wood feeling inside that was comforting on a hot afternoon.  The happy hour menu isn't necessarily "cheap" but the food items were good, and  the wine choices interesting. The wings with the habanero sauce were tasty. I heard great things about the pork belly and jam sandwich. Service was good.  The music is a bit too loud, and for a place like this, a soundtrack featuring Coldplay and Jack Johnson (the hits of 2003) seemed a little off. We were two of 6 customers for Happy Hour, so it's likely that things like loud background music were more noticeable than they might have been otherwise.
Happy hour at Milagro was nice. It can seem a little pricey of it's not happy hour, but I think that Milagro has found a good middle ground between fusion with a Mexican twist and just another waterhole.   The service was excellent. Nicely dressed staff that addresses you properly and act like they enjoy your business. Ok, at happy hour it was be a little wait for a refill, but that is to be expected.   Locale. The outside patio is super nice. The indoors is just as nice. They have succeeded to make a cozy yet stylish interior and there is several alternatives to sit by the bar, in a booth public or more discretely off to the side. It also feel clean and fresh.  I didn't get to try much of the food, but I did try a few beers.. and they were refreshing and not of the standard selection. I will definitely go back to Milagro, and give it another shot.. not that it needs to be given anything. This establishment stand on its own feet.  Nana nana booboo, der Kritiker
A good neighborhood spot. I wouldn't go out of my way to go there. Drinks were tasty.
This is a great new location in Arcadia!  I recently stopped in to Milagro for a birthday happy hour.  They have the best happy hour specials.  The staff were friendly and was able to accommodate our large party of 12.  I tried the Milagro Margarita (DELICIOUS) AND Sangria Blanca (AMAZING).  These drinks went perfect with the  Chips and Salsa de la Casa.  I tried the Camarónes Dulces and these were the perfect amount.  Beer battered Rock shrimp on top of iceberg lettuce cup, with aioli dulce and house pickled chilies.  I tried a little bit of the PB&J....mind-blown yummy goodness!!!  I want to order these on my next visit to Milagro.
Best tacos I've ever ate in my life! Everything is good at Milagros.. The guacamole is fresh and the homemade salsa is amazing. Save room for desert because the churros are heavenly. I hate the steak tacos. There are only 3 in a serving but they filled me up along with our guac and salsa appetizer
I was not very impressed by the looks of this non-descript Arcadia restaurant located in a strip mall. However, on the inside its modern, bright and inviting with excellent service and very very good modern Mexican food. The chips are perfection... Also try the heavenly habanero-raspberry margarita! - you're welcome!!!
Yum. So much yum.  I came here w/ a Dishcrawl group. We were seated by the garage door (which was closed as it was starting to get toasty outside). Since we were w/ a set group, we had a set menu. The manager came by and greeted us, very nice. The waitress however was extremely inattentive. 20 mins for water? Really? It was not busy AT all. A couple from our group of 6 finally got fed up and just went to the bar. They were served immediately.  The food, however was very attentive...to my taste buds. We tried 2 of Milagros award winning tacos and man, did they make my taste buds dance and sing. Did that sound cheesy? It was meant to. We tried the pork and casne asada tacos, really, so good.   I would absolutely come back here for food anytime. And if youre a margarita fan, they have a bunch.
Ok, you have heard me say this before and it bears repeating. ATTENTION: New restaurant owners; Customer service!! "Have you been here before?" "Let's make this visit the first of many!" Seriously, Soooo easy to generate more business. All right, I'm off that soapbox.   Food, AMAZING. Once we got our bartender off her cell phone, very good drinks. and tacos, we went with the pork and short ribs, some of the best tacos I've ever eaten. That is coming from an Arizona native...just great spices/taste.   Will make this part of my rotation of restaurants.
The food was delicious. I had the ribeye which I cut with my fork.  My server Donna was terrific. A must place to eat in Phoenix.
wonderful food, great place and staff, and great brunch, enjoy.
I'm hopelessly addicted to the Guacamole Unico (fresh guacamole with dungeness crab meat on top) and their fresh tortilla chips.   Had their chicken tacos this time - the chicken itself is delicious and has an amazing mix of toppings. It was the perfect amount of food - didn't leave me hungry, but also didn't leave me too full to order dessert (churros!). I didn't catch our server's name but she was very polite and friendly, and the service was quick but not rushed. Overall, a great dining experience. We'll definitely be back.
This place had a nice environment, good food and our server, Donna, was outstanding and really knew the menu well!
This was our first time here and we have been wanting to try it for a while. We went for lunch with boyfriend and his mom and it was the perfect time to go. Dinner looked really good but pricey.   I had a flat bread with a quesadilla to start. The guac was good and so was the quesadilla but not sure how you could mess those up anyway. The flat bread I had was just the cheese one and it was tasty. I love arugula on my pizzas so this was a good combo. The cheese was sweet to me at first but I brought the leftovers home and it didn't taste as sweet later on.  Boyfriend had some dish that was eggs with a yummy bean puree and he loved it. Mom had a flat bread as well and it had I think chicken and pineapple and other yummies on top.   I had a mimosa with lunch but it was tiny and didn't have enough champagne in it so I was a little mad about that.   I would go there again and probably try to go during happy hour since that menu looked good.  I don't think I would want to come here for a regular dinner just because of the prices unless it was a legit date night and we had the extra cash.  The patio is really cool but it kind of sucks cause you're right on the main road and get a lot of traffic sounds.
Great chips and salsa. Very fresh ingredients in everything we ordered. We enjoyed some tacos for our meal and a raspberry habanero margarita which was very tasty! Will definitely go back!
Great food and has a wonderful deck that allows dog on the deck. Really nice service as well. Would go back when in town again.
Milagro Grill was a total and wonderful, surprise!  When you drive into the strip center where it is located, you notice a rather large patio( which is covered), with several tables, sofa's and misters to cool you off.   Upon entering the restaurant, which is absolutely darling, you're greeted by a super-friendly hostess, and seated. Immediately, a very nice, and accomodating member of the wait staff will give you all the details of this offerings of this dynamite establishment.   We got there at 6:28 on a Saturday, and the waitress immediately told us there were two minutes until Happy Hour ended. We quickly looked at the Happy Hour menu, ordered four appetizers,and drinks.   WOW! The food is FANTASTIC!  We ordered the guacamole with salsa and freshly made chips, Steak Tacos, Short Rib Tacos and Camarones Dulces. ALL were absolutely DELICOUS! Although I wasn't wild about my Sangria, my husband tried a glass of red wine that he loved.   This has become my go-to restaurant for upscale Mexican food, and I love the fact that it's owned by a local family (Macayo's family), the food is wonderful, the restaurant is very relaxing and pretty, and the staff is extraordinarily accomodating.   See you there!
Milagro Grill is delicious!  I highly recommend their trio salsas and guacamole.  The white sangria is a must at happy hour.  They have a great patio along with great tacos.  We visit this restaurant about once a month because it is so good!
Went for restaurant week and it was awesome. Loved the tacos. Shrimp tacos were a bit spicier than expected but still yummy. I think my favorite one is the Castillo? not sure of the word but it's the short rib tacos. The churro dessert was just meh, churros were kind of dense and just not really a pleasant texture. Definitely try to sit on the patio is really great atmosphere and service was top notch. I'm giving 3 stars just because I can't give 3.5 and think its a solid go-to but not necessarily a must-go-to
This was my first time eating tex mex in Phoenix and I really wasn't impressed. I had the mahi mahi tacos which tasted like a gyro rather than a taco. Guac wasn't bad and chips were pretty average too.
I want to Milagro with a friend last weekend for lunch. It was alright, but nothing too special. We started with the (4$) chips and salsa...the salsa was nothing too delicious, especially not 4$ worth. I had the short rib tacos, which were tasty. My friend had the chicken tacos, which she said were just ok. I just feel that the food isn't as good as it is expensive. If I were invited back by a friend or something, I would give it another shot, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again.
Absolutely loved it!!!! I am a vegetarian and the had two different types if tacos that were so delicious. The only thing I didnt like was they CHARGE you for chips and salsa!!!! As delicious as they were. I think that is just not right :(
Milagro Gill is a fave spot for Dinner & Happy Hour. I met a good friend of mine, Lisa, for Happy Hour! We enjoyed the Chips & Guacamole along with the Chicken Wings. To end our festive evening, we shared of Avocado Cheesecake with Strawberries & Mangoes and a Delish glass of Moscato.   Service here is always the best. I'm certain I'll be back soon. Cheers***
One of my favorite places to enjoy good food and tequila.  Ambience is not typical Tex-Mex and the inside/outside patio is perfect for lovely AZ weather.  So far I have had the pork, chicken and beef tacos, all extremely unique in flavor and very tasty.  The guacamole  is great and the pozole (which is seasonal) is back on the menu and exquisite.  Service is stellar and there is live music on certain nights.  A+ for being a cool place to hang out that isn't pretentious or a dive.
The salmon tacos are the best I have ever had. Who knew pickled peppered would make a taco sweet and savory. Love this restaurant. My new craving.
This was a happenschance encounter - since our number one pick off trip advisor wouldnt answer their phone.  So we picked Milagro Grill after I was superseded by the team (I had read in the USAIRWAYS mag that Pizzeria Bianco had the best pizza rated by New York Times...) but we were in Phoenix and one must have authentic mexican, No?    Place is gorgeous.  But Im such a snob, and I don't enjoy tex-mex as much so I was skeptical when a Mexican joint has $$ on their price range.  They have fantastic happy hour specials that will make you very very happy, in particular on Thursday, when ALL TEQUILAS on the menu are 1/2 off - yes 1/2 off for a one ounce delicious to sip pour.  I got to try som really high end stuff I had never had (double fisted which was funny!), thanks to Luke the wonderfully charming Manager and Tequila-meister.    Our table sampled the happy hour tacos - 3 tapas style piled high tidbits of deliciousness authenticity on FRESH tortilla - I enjoyed (no SERIOUSLY ENJOYED) the short rib tacos, and my buddies the steak.  We also ordered the sweet shrimp tacos - Still craving them!, Frijoles de Olla, totopos, guac, spicy salsa and heckled the lonely ones at the bar.  But as Im already exceeding my caloric quota, some dude suckers me into the house specialty dessert... Of course Luke didn't help either, and I succumbed (and no, folks there were NO FREEBIES, we paid our dues and we are still happy we did!).  So, out come these peanut butter churros piping hot with a peanut butter cajeta/dulce de leche kind of dipping sauce and HORCHATA mousse.  Nope, no chocolate anywhere on my plate (really.... and Im NOT the peanutbutter fiend in the house - the hubby and kids are...).  I heard angels.  My team partners did not speak.  CRAZY GOOD.  The Horchata mousse KILLED IT!!! I could swim in a pool of that light, ethereal not too sweet, oh so softly cinnammon kissed cloud of love!  And so, broke and stuffed, off we drove into the sunset.  And as I fly back home, I regret not having pocketed some tacos and mousse...  WORTH IT!
Tacos were great but the p-but butter/jelly pork belly was amazing. Chips and guacamole were better than mission. I'll be back to try more :)
What a pleasant surprise - a Mexican restaurant with great food, a fine selection of on-tap beers and cocktails and attentive service. This is not a formula restaurant, rather one with a well thought out, non traditional menu, Prices are reasonable, portions large (especially the chunky guacamole) and, unusual for Phoenix, it's open until midnight.
After my shave at v's we headed down here for a proper mexican brunch.  The decor is really nice and the service is wonderful. It's a nice clean place that also has a great full size bar.  We started off with the chips and guacamole , which we thought is really weird to pay for since most Mexican places in California provide ships and salsa complimentary.  I ordered the breakfast burrito and the wife ordered the mahi-mahi tacos. First of, the salsa was nothing special, it wasn't spicy at all. The guac was good.  The tacos were the best fish tacos I ever tried. Very fresh ingredients and the mahi was prepared right.  The breakfast burrito was pretty good, it was a little dry and the eggs were scrambled and not folded like I am used to. I think the breakfast burrito should be served with salsa.  All in all, this place is good and serves pretty authentic mexican food. Minus two stars , one for the price , it's pretty pricey. And one for the lack of complimentary ships and salsa.
Excellent food. This place way exceeded our expectation on all fronts. The food is a gourmet Mexican type food. The margaritas are very unique and very good. If you're looking for an upscale Latin food experience this is it. The staff was very friendly as well as management. Go check it out.
Ordered their shrimp tacos and their chips with guacamole. Everything was great! Loved how the tacos were mini flour tortillas instead of corn ones :-)
If you're in the Arcadia area and looking for a casual place to have some good Mexican-inspired food, this is the spot. I've been for happy hour and enjoyed some of their apps, the PB & J being my favorite... pork belly sandwich? Yes, please!   Great guacamole with just the right amount of spice and chunkiness without being overly done. I sort of judge a Mexican spot by its chips, salsa and margaritas.  Milagro scored pretty high on all 3 counts.  Dang, now I want a margarita...  I digress. I recently went here for dinner and had tacos (they let you mix n match!)  The Al Pastor and Mahi were very good, but I think the green chile pork was my favorite taco.  That could change in the future, but right now I'm having a moment with green chile.  Couple of the guys at the table got the Filet & crab and devoured it.  The non-spicy mac n cheese got good reviews from others with our party as well.   I think Milagro is a solid spot.  They aren't usually very busy. Both times I've visited were with big groups (10-12) and we were seated promptly.  Service was good on both visits and the prices are fair.  And a note for those who like to know these things, the bathrooms are unisex.
Over all the place is great.  Service and food.  Had the peanut butter jelly with pork belly sandwich and it was amazing..... simply amazing......  and macaroni chicken charizo with corn and it was awwwwesome
Great customer service and incredible food!
Nice restaurant and great staff, especially our waiter, Luke! He recommended the short rib dish and it was wonderful. Portion looked small at first, but it was definitely filling. We went for happy hour...had the salsa flights which was good but drink specials were still on the pricey side. Very nice ambiance; parking can be tough for happy hour.
I have been to Milagro Grill three times now, and I have to start out by saying I am 100% in love with their avocado tacos.  Two of my visits have been around lunch time, and I have to admit that getting a server's attention to be seated is somewhat of an ordeal. It's not that the restaurant is busy (both times I have been one of two people there) but staff is few and far between midday, so you may have to make yourself known.  Once seated however, all the servers I have encountered have been incredibly attentive and are great at making recommendations. When we visited for dinner, service was all around much better because they were more adequately staffed.  My only other gripe is that chips and salsa are not complimentary, however they are completely delicious and worth the money!  Overall, this has easily turned into one of my favorite new spots to go to when out in the east valley, and the avocado tacos pretty much occupy my thoughts 24/7
Still love Milagro Grill.  Several great visits.   Went 4 weeks ago on a Tuesday night,  Our server .......UGH.  Glad I was schooled by him, I ordered  my vegetarian tacos with NO HEAT,  when they were served I said there were hot  peppers on my tacos.  The older gentleman offered to have them redone  but I  was told by the  server that  I was mistaken they were pickled and  the heat doesn't transfer when they are pickled.  I put them aside, when my husband tasted them he said they were hot.    I have searched the web and culinary web sites and no one seems to agree with him.  He did take them off the bill, although I did not ask for it,   which is good because I couldn't eat them.  I really really like this restaurant, the owners are so great I want them to succeed,  Don't let your servers ruin your business.
Pita Jungle was packed, so we ducked in here to try it out.  This place is good!  The salsas were great and provided a nice variety.  Salmon tacos had that nice crispy edge that hardly anyone seems to be able to get right when it comes to fish.
It's sad when you wait so long to try a place and then finally realize what you've been missing ... and what I've been missing were some seriously good tacos.   Like I needed another excuse to eat tacos.  Every taco I've tried has been better than the last, except for one. The al pastor was a huge disappointment. It is a sad day when marinated pork isn't good. Luckily, you can mix & match your tacos, so I was still left with the costillo.   The costillo, on the other hand, was so good that I forgot all about the pastor. Seriously, four stars for that redemption alone. It was the Hail Marry of tacos. How do you make a taco that good and make one as disappointing as the pastor? It's crazy, I tell you.
Checked this place out while on vacation.  The appetizers were dish! We had the wings with the citrus habanero sauce. Right amount of sweet & spice.  Then we had the pork belly & tomato jam.  AMAZING!! Ordered tacos but I was too stuffed to eat them!  Would totally go back and just do the apps!
I've had this place bookmarked for a while now and decided that it was about time to check out the hype of the cuisine that they are known for. First, being that they had a massive amount of interesting margarita choices, there was no way we would leave here without trying a few.  I can't remember the kind I had, but my other half and I were both satisfied with our choices. We began the mass amounts of consumption with the chips, salsa and guacamole appetizer. Too be honest, I was dissatisfied on everything but the chips.  The guac was more or less something that I can make at home using no effort, with a few ingredients The salsa was nothing to talk about either.  Next, we both shared the tortilla soup, which I must say tasted more like a tomato soup then tortilla. All in all it wasn't that bad, but the broth I think needs some more excitement to it. For the main meals, my gf got the steak tacos. The meat itself had a nice flavor, but the main complaint was that the taco fell apart from the tortilla being very soggy. Our other guest with us complained about the same thing as well. I got the Castillo entree (short rib with cheesy buttery grits laid out underneath.  The portion size was really nice and the flavor was great! I would have bumped up the rating to a 3.5 (if that option was available), however after the 4th time of asking someone to bring us a heat lamp, it finally arrived. Being that it was a little chilly out, it would have been nice to get the lamp the first time after asking. Would I recommend this place?  Maybe.....
came here while on vacation.  I ordered the rib tacos that I saw on Best in Chow, they are ok but I wouldn't rush back. My friend that went with me got the same thing and he loved them, he couldn't stop talking about them for about a week.  To me it was just like any other taco that you can get at a fine dine Mexican restaurant.
I'm already craving the PB&J (pork belly and jelly) appetizer, it was amazing! I also loved their avocado tacos, they had the perfect combination of flavors (sweet, salty, spicy). Pork verde Mac and cheese was great too. I got a red sangria and it wasn't so great, it tasted like cheap grape juice. Not even any fruit in it. Next time I'll try a margarita instead.
I will confess that I did not have the Taco's which might have been my mistake. Don't bother with the Chips and Bland Salsa for 4 bucks. The Pork Green Chili Mac n Cheese  was just OK.  If it is Happy Hour and Cocktails you want then this might be your place. Just left me wanting......and feeling like it was just OK.  Nice looking place and very nice staff.
Met up with some friends here for dinner one evening. None of us had been there so it was a new experience for us all. We had a table inside, right outside the patio which is very cute. Two of us arrived before HH ended, so I got a margarita (horchata & fireball). Too much fireball for my taste but others may like it. I also ordered a taco to try but didn't get it and didn't want to make a fuss. We shared the spicy salsa flight. I really only enjoyed the ghost pepper salsa and their house salsa. For my entree I had the filadelphia in burrito form which was huge, filling, and very good. I took half home to eat the next day. We ended the meal by sharing the churro dessert which was good. All in all, I'd be back and recommend it to others.
Great vibe great food. Place is a favorite of ours. Love the tacos, live the beer, live the starter menu. The guacamole is awesome. Also the tostas costilla is fantastic. Take time to savor the menu. It is a worthwhile endeavor!
We like to cook but there we were on a lazy Saturday & wiped out from the office. We needed a place to nourish us. After deciphering what the Miss requested in our next food outing I suggested this place. By the grace of Cheesus she agreed & we made like a baby & head out. On the way over I was in a surreal state of calm, as if a higher power was at work here. After all milagro means miracle, in case you're a gringo. It's rare I hit a homer on the first pitch.    So this place was jammin when we pulled up. It didn't jive with our current survival mood that we were in at the time. We needed sustenance, a dark corner to order mass amounts of comfort food & stuff our faces without the shame of onlookers nearby. We locked eyes for a second & nodded as if to say, this is it, let's make the best of it.  The place was. well kinda stunning. They had a dj on the patio & the atmosphere was lively. We chose to stay inside tho. They were repaving the roads & it wreaked of asphalt outside.  Our server was very nice. I ordered the chilaquiles with chicken & she had the flat bread breakfast. When my food arrived I looked over my grub & felt somewhat guilty. I mean, not only am I having eggs, I'm eating the damn chicken in there too. Luckily tho I'm very resilient as that feeling quickly ran out the back door as I plunged, fork first into this giant plate of grub! The flavors & texture were spot on & got even better when I asked for some salsa. Theirs has this rich, rustic quality to it that complimented my dish very well. The chicken was .....ehh it was ok. Next time I think I'll order it with the steak.  The woman's brunch looked great. She was kind enuff to throw me a slice to try. The chorizo was the star here. It was like a bouncer at a cantina in Juarez. You can have a good time, you can get jiggy in the bathroom, you can pee in a potted plant...but if you get outta line, the bouncer will let you know. That was the chorizo here. It commanded attention but it wasn't too spicy, just flavorful.  I also saw something about bottomless mimosas. This was not a drinking brunch for us but had it been, we woulda taken full advantage of that & proly not asked to return. All in all this place was a pleasant surprise. The staff seemed like they have fun with each other but not to the detriment of service. I would recommend this place for brunch, especially if you wanna get your drink on. We will be back, perhaps for dinner & I'll let you know how that goes.
I found Milagro Grill based on Yelp recommendations. I was in the general area and in the mood for tacos.  This seemed to be the likely choice.    The rating of A-OK neatly sums up my experience here.  The vibe is relaxed, service is reliable and the food was reasonably good.  I will say, I had very high expectations for the avocado tacos after reading rave review after rave review about them.  My opinion is they're tasty but not all that memorable. I can live a fulfulled life if I never have another.  Note:  Apparently, they allow dogs on the patio.  One was sitting under the table next to mine.  I didn't find this particularly bothersome but some may.
Three middle-aged women dined here on a weeknight and weren't made to feel out of place.  Our drinks were customized to our liking, and management even comped our salsa trio because it took too long (due to a huge party ordering right before us).  I've had plenty of flatbread in my day, and Milagro Grill's ranks right up there - superb firm and perfectly seasoned shrimp, shaved cheese in addition to the melted, perfectly browned onions - yum!  I'd highly recommend if you're in Scottsdale.
Let me preface this by saying that I grew up on the border, so when it comes to Mexican food my expectations are pretty high. However, I keep that in mind, and try to adjust my expectations any time I'm trying something new.  We went on a Saturday evening, lured by all of the great Yelp recommendations, and yikes. I'm hoping that the chef had the night off.  The restaurant was pretty much empty when we got there. We sat outside, which was nice aside from being so close to the road. Our table started off with the ("award-winning") guacamole that our server suggested. It was fresh, but very basic. If they seasoned it or added anything to the avocados at all, none of us could tell (which makes it a bowl of avocados by the way... you gotta do something to them if you're going to call it guac). It turned out to be our favorite part of the meal.  We all got three different tacos for our entrees, so we got to taste almost all of them. All three of us were disappointed. There was no flavor to any of them! Nothing was seasoned, it tasted like nothing at all was done to the food in the cooking process. It was like they spent more time putting it on the plates than cooking it. You couldn't even taste the individual ingredients; everything was just... bland. It was definitely not what I would expect from an upscale Mexican restaurant. I was a little embarrassed to have recommended the place.   Milagro's food is expensive, and looks expensive. Unfortunately, the taste just wasn't there.
Decent tacos but the not at that price.  If I'm dropping $14 on 3 small tacos it better have the ambiance of the Mission or the creativity and flair of Barrio Queen.  There are too many good tacos in this town for a fraction the cost. And $4 for that chips and salsa?  That's a meal misdemeanor.
Really good margaritas and a great happy hour. Short rib tacos had a ton of flavor. Chile verde ones were really good as well. Great guacamole. Seems like it has a good set up for a nice scene at night with a cool patio.
When I travel, I usually have all of my meals planned out because I'm just like that. My trip to Milagro was a little bit of a hail Mary - I got skeeved out at the last minute by reviews of the other restaurant I had planned to try, and ended up trying to find the closest Mexican restaurant to my hotel that didn't sound scary.  I ended up sacrificing good food reviews for a place that didn't get rated down for being dirty. I can say that Milagro had a great atmosphere, and was very clean and comfortable.  The chile verde tacos were good, as was the guacamole. My dining companion had a salad, which she enjoyed. I was impressed with the tequila selection, although I didn't get a chance to try any of them.  Milagro was just a very nice, middle-of-the-road Mexican restaurant - worth a visit if you are close by and not sure where else to go, but I'm not sure I would seek it out.
Wow - So, this is my first negative review on Yelp...   First of all, I don't care how fancy a Mexican restaurant is, the chips and salsa should be free. $4.00 for salsa and chips is ridiculous, especially when they're not bottomless.  And second, the service was awful. The waitress hardly knew anything about the menu, the restaurant that she has worked at for the past 10 months. The waitress also came to the table every couple minutes, interrupting our conversation and asking stupid questions, ie "are you done with your meal?" as I was putting food in my mouth.   We were 1 of 2 tables in the whole restaurant that were occupued and they screwed up my order. Not only did they bring me the wrong dish, once they realized it, they told me that the dish I ordered is no longer offered, yet it is still on the menu. I had to wait several minutes for my correct order while the rest of my party at their meal. And then I ate my meal with everyone watching me. Afterwards I was only compensated $4 on the bill.   On the plus side, the food was good, the ambiance and music were good...However I will most likely never go back to this restaurant again.
On reading all of the revues I think you should clean up your act and lower your prices. I agree with the one customer in saying 4.00 dollars for chips and salsa are a little steep. As other places give them free and all you want. I believe I will pass on this one.
I think this place is great....nice atmosphere, wonderful food.  Mother's Day brunch was awesome.   I did think  though that charging $10 for a 3 yr old to have pancakes was a bit over the top. So maybe a child's menu should be developed. Other than that, I will visit this nice place again...great food, nice people.  It's worth the visit!
The service was adequate the food was not.  Overpriced and lacking flavor.  I had the short rib taco, pork belly taco, and the pastor taco.  None were what I describe as "good" or even approaching noteworthy.  The chips and guacamole were pretty standard, but when you ask $9 for guac it should be something special imo.    Maybe my standards are high, but this was just a culinary disappointment.
Best tacos in Arizona
I can find anything wrong with this place. Amazing tacos, craft cocktails, great Happy Hour. The patio is great, winter or summer. The have misting fans to keep it cool in summer. Always good service. Extensive cocktail, beer and wine list. I can't wait to go back to all the different gourmet tacos.
This place has a terrific patio (with fantastic live music!), great service, and amazing food/drinks.  The Salmon BLT is outstanding, as are the salads.  YUM.  Really fun spot for relaxing with friends and enjoying good conversation with some delicious meals.  I can't wait to come back!
I really enjoy coming to Milagro Grill. It isn't the type of restaurant that is a "destination" like The Mission, but when I'm in the mood for some decent "upscale" Mexican food in my neighborhood, it does the trick.  We've been here quite a few times, and the Tacos are usually the go-to entree. Most of them are pretty good so its tough to recommend just one or two, but I'd say the al pastor are the best. We always start with the salsa flight and the guac - both solid options for appetizers. I've also had the shrimp flatbread which was surprisingly really good, topped with a few different cheeses and some sliced grapes.  Drink recommendation: Do not get the skinny margarita - it basically tastes like an overwhelming amount of sweet & sour mixed with a little bit of tequila. DO order the Jalapeno Margarita as its the perfect mix of refreshment along with some spice.  Final verdict: Nice place, good food, good service - recommend if you're in the Arcadia area.
Purchased a Groupon ($20 for $40 deal) for Milagro Grill. I've been wanting to try this place out for awhile now.   Came here for dinner with my husband on a Tuesday. The place is modern and clean. There was one other table of customers and a couple at the bar.   Our waiter was friendly and provided recommendations. Although he failed to mention the $2 taco special. That would have been nice to know. I ordered the Costilla entree and my husband ordered the swordfish. The Costilla came out looking pretty, but the taste was a bland BBQ seasoning. Your average BBQ beef on corn grits. My husband's swordfish was dry and overpowered by the spiciness of the beans it came with.  I added some of his beans to my plate to give my food more flavor.   With the side if chips, two margaritas and two entrees, our bill was $32 (with Groupon discount) add the tip and $20 I paid for the Groupon, it was still a sizable amount for what we got.   Overall we were not impressed with the flavor, quantity of food and definitely feel it was overpriced.
Such a hidden gem right on Indian School Road...nice expansive patio (that is pet friendly too) and a nice dining room.  Our server was great - engaging, fun and helpful with decisions.  I started with a sangria and the queso dip...not a bad way to start the meal.  For my entree I tried the salmon and my husband had the swordfish.  We were both pleased with our meals and liked how the fish was paired perfectly with the right sides.  We were so full from dinner that we didn't save room for dessert, but sounds like we need to come back and try the churros...they sound amazing!
Really good guacamole with a nice jalapeño kick and it's made fresh so I could minus the onions.  The street tacos were really good and creative - al  pastor, salmon and pork belly is what I recommend you try and they allow you to mix & match. Lovely interior and patio. I used my groupon this time which cannot be combined with happy hour. Next time I'll come for happy hour 3:30-6:30 & 9pm to close daily!
Liked this place a lot. Great guac, the PB&J appetizer was solid, and the tacos were excellent.
Didn't know this food court on Charleston across from the junior college campus existed until someone told me about it. I work less than a block way and have driven past this place over the past many years. My original plan was to try Kaba Curry, but when I arrived at 11 am, they were still closed. Walked a few paces and found Tacos El Jefe. Ordered up their #1 Daily Special: 1 can of soda and a  huge Chile Verde burrito that had to weigh close to 2.5 lbs. While not the tastiest chile verde I have had, it is the tenderest and at $4.99 it is certainly a bargain.
Good food. Decor not gonna get you laid.
Another tucked away little secret located in the Campus Commons building.   As a regular to both Kaba Curry and Wing King i've asked several times about the 'mexican joint' as we call it as well as the 'italian joint' next to Jefe's. Usually i miss both of them as i tend to come in the late afternoon and early evenings and they pack up after the lunch crowds. So when i decided to stop by early for once Jefe's was open and i got a chance to try it out.  The daily special sounded good. 3 home made pork tamales and home made horchata as a drink. What sat at a table near by their spot was this http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lOmt6Edj6A4OZBUIUwtI8Q?select=5AdeMTWWFlH3GUyC0qLRPg#d468-qcU6StyNYsLehx24Q  I was pretty damn impressed with what i saw and the horchata was HUGE.  First bite was the best. The end piece was crispy and really hard but the cheese melted and hardened and all the flavors concentrated. After a few more chews i realized that holy crap this is the best tamale i've ever had thanks to the end pieces. The owner came out to ask how everything was and i asked him about it. They fried up the tamales on the griddle or something to warm them up and a result of it is the crispy ends.   Aside from the lovely end pieces the tamales were very good quite possibly the best i've had, then again i havent had a lot of tamales and i prefer enchiladas. What ever...moving on.   Good seasonings, perfect balance of meat and cheese and the sauce and mayo they added on top create a harmony of flavors.  They plan on staying open later starting in a few weeks so hopefully i found a replacement for Roberto's.
Ok so yelp keeps removing my reviews because I don't ramble on an on about every detail ....my hubby hates when girls (or anyone) over explains something and after being together 8 years I have learned to what he calls "MAN VERSION" everything....apparently on yelp that is not allowed so let me write a review maybe they can be proud of...  It was 11a.m. and we were hungry we thought hmmm bachi burger..no not bachi burger and it was then I realized I had this Mexican delivery place bookmarked on Yelp! Seeing how I was doing laundry and had nothing to wear this seemed like a much better choice. By the time we made the decision to order it was about 1230. I had to leave my house by 230 to pick up my kids. So I went online (btw I am very old school I hate ordering online its much faster to call) signed up made my profile and after 20mins of that I was able to place my order. I ordered 2 orders taquitos mixto,chicken asada torta with no beans, shrimp cocktail, alfredo nachos, 1 shrimp taco, 1carne asada taco,1 carnitas taco, and there supposed super hot salsa. I click to order and it tells me my food will be delivered at 240! So of course this convenient on line ordering has me on the phone with them anyway and the gentleman on the phone was great! He said no problem I will have your order to you faster than that. Great!!! My food arrives at 2pm awesome just enough time. The delivery girl went over my entire order to ensure everything was correct it was and she was super nice too!  As far as customer service this place gets five stars for that but the food? Well here we go  Taquitos mixto: Every one of them tasted different very inconsistent..I know they are all different flavors but what im saying is my chicken one was good, my hubbys chicken one was dry and crunchy chicken inside and they were all soggy but I guess that's what you get for ordering delivery fried food.    The sogginess I understand but I would suggest not plating fried food on a bed of lettuce for delivery and put holes in the containers so the condensation doesn't build up.  Chicken asada torta: Bread was hard my hubby thought it was gross I took a bite thought it was ok thank you for not putting beans He HATES beans  Shrimp Cocktail: Im trying to be nice but it made me throw up it tasted like someone put Kool-Aid in tomato sauce with shrimp  Alfredo nachos: This made me so mad!!! This is what my hubby wanted the most we didn't say no beans because on the menu it doesn't have beans on it!!!!! Open it up what was there??? BEANS!!!! All over the whole freakin thing so of course he wont eat it! He did manage to stick his finger in one spot to taste the alfredo he said it was good I took a bite it tasted pretty good but I had my own food, I didn't want that he did! AND AGAIN all soggy maybe for delivery you can deconstruct it in containers and just put the chips in the box youll have a better outcome I think people would rather assemble it themselves (although there are a lot of idiots that would probably need instructions) then have them soggy.  The Tacos: Shrimp one was weird not good or bad just weird, carne asada tasted like they reheated it and over cooked it very dry and hard to eat, carnitas was pretty much the same dry and hard.  Salsa: Most white people would think it was super spicy, I eat habaneros for fun so for me it was ok on spice pretty good flavor  All in all I ordered 50 bucks worth of inedible food we threw most of it out it sucked cause these people are so nice I might try to stop in sometime and give them a try so maybe I can give them a better review!  Oh and last their prices are GREAT!
I will re try them .. Orig to Arizona as I can get. Salsa and different styles of salsa. There burritos very similar to AZ had one with chicken, cilantro, rice, beans if your craving carbs this is for shure the place.I will be triing some more of there traditional flair next time its defiantly worth a revisit.
Delicioso!! New restaurant. The flavors of south america in one place. The restaurant work as buffet. My favorite is the chicken a la brasa!! Uhhhh muy rico.
The reason why I only star because I came there once to have the rusticity chicken and it was okay even though that it wasn't on "Brazza" the sauces were not right than I came last Saturday to have the paella and I went to Peru once and lived there for three months so I know a little about their Cousine but what I had it wasn't nothing even close I understand that Wisconsin's not the best place for seafood but at least  I had tasted better paellas.. Poor service ,Poor quality, and worthless.
We had an order delivered by Straight to your door.  The delivery guy called us to tell us he was waiting there and the restaurant was running late.  The food was definitely luke-warm when it got here (I realize this may not be their fault but the delivery guy was doing his best).  And once we got it, it was really terrible!  We had an appetizer of corn sticks (I forget what they were called) and they were way too salty and dry, and then we had Mofongo, which turned out to be a pile of dry stuff - I guess that was the plantains - and next to it a pile of tough nuggets of pork.  Just really disappointing.  Especially because both of us really love plantains and were looking forward to this new (to us) way of preparing them.
This is a great casual lunch spot.  There are two ways of ordering.  You can either order from their hot bar -- kind of buffet style, similar to how you'd get Chinese food at a mall.   You can choose an entree and two sides.  The second option is to order off the menu, and they'll make it to order.  It was a little confusing to figure out how things worked here... but once we ordered, everything ran smoothly.     I ordered the chicken in garlic sauce with plantains.  Pretty good, and it was a nice sized portion.  One of my co-workers got the chicken sandwich.  The thing was huge!!   It was big enough for two people.  Check out the picture I posted.   He was really happy with it.    We also got some fried yucca.  It came with two different dipping sauces.  Both were really good... check out the pics!  I read in the Isthmus and another review elsewhere that the Rotisserie chicken is really good here.  Our waiter even mentioned his love for it.   Unfortunately we didn't give it a try.  I'll be back for the rotisserie chicken...and that chicken sandwich.
Excellent place to enjoy a meal , our waiter was really attentive and funny , i felt that he knows the food . The food was delicious and it really has the peruvian flavor ;) ... I cant wait to go back to eat here :) ... Yummy yummy  !!
I've come back here a few more times since my original review and decided that they need 5 stars.  They rock the lunch!  I have left happy every time I've visited.     Things that rock:  Chicken sandwich, rotisserie chicken, fried rice plates, any of their sides, and of course -- the dipping sauces!!
It's a great low key place. The fruit juices are fresh, and the fish is fantastic. You can even get whole tilapia fish, which is a rare find in Madison. There are also fired plantains available! Menu is not overwhelming and really reasonably priced.
Amazing little place. Delicious food, prepared with care, a great mix of flavors in every bite. You can taste the freshness of the herbs, spices and vegetables.   Highlights: rotisserie chicken, grilled fish, salad with chicken a la brasa, sweet plantains, yucca fries, fresh juices (papaya, pineapple, mango, strawberry!). The dipping sauces knock it all out of the park.   It's almost miraculous that you can feed a family of four a healthy, made-to-order meal of tasty grilled meats served with fresh fruits and vegetables at such a reasonable price. After living in the Twin Cities for a decade, a place like this would always be packed and over-priced. The brasa concept is popular - because it's so tasty and leaves you feeling GOOD.   This place is a gem and a favorite.
I often wait for 10 minutes without seeing a server - not a complaint, just something to be aware of. I wouldn't come if you're in a rush; service is reasonably fast once they start serving you, but it definitely has the ambience and food of a place you'll want to chill at for at least an hour. They introduced me to seafood ceviche and their purple corn drink. I highly recommend both. If you're not into seafood their other choices are great as well.
I was very excited to eat here since one of my friends said the good was delicious. So I drove there to see that the place was closed on a Wednesday in the middle of the day. The hours said 11-10 and no sign of why they were close at 3pm.... Disappointed.
I've wanted to try this place for months and just never made it in. What a mistake. I decided to try a few different items because the prices were really reasonable. I had the $5 rotisserie chicken dinner. Absolutely delicious. Latin spices, perfectly tender. Throw in two sides, I had the beans and rice. Beans were served in a little corn tortilla bowl, and the rice was very moist with hints of spice. I also ordered two chorizo tacos at $2 each. Typical authentic tacos. Two corn tortillas each, wonderful chorizo, and topped with sautéed sliver of white onions. Either of those was a meal, however I ate it all, because I'm a pig, and it was too good to stop.  I washed it down with a $2 bottle beer.  Yuuuuuuuummmmmmm. All this for a shade over $11 bucks.  I can't wait to go back.
The lady-friend and I have been in twice now and it is decided: this place is a winner.  Simple menu, delicious food, reasonable prices and great service. $3 beers and great guacamole is always a great way to start but all the entrees we have tried were very good and the rice and beans are killer. They also have a big-ass TV and do specials during the game, just ask when you're there.  This place really is a Gem! It is located just a few blocks off State Street and definitely worth the three minute walk past the usual restaurants.
Came here with 2 friends for a late lunch/early dinner and the service was great. I got cactus huaraches and they were delicious and huge. The chips were freshly baked and the pico was really flavorful. It was all really affordable too.
Suffering from a mild bout of cabin fever, my daughter and I decided to brave the arctic conditions and grab some spicy food at A La Brasa.  I reviewed the menu options online before our visit and had a couple Peruvian-influenced items in mind when we walked through the doors.  However, the restaurant now describes itself as a "Mexican Grill", so it was time for a quick change of plans (note to management - please update your online menu).  After seating us, our server dropped off a basket of standard-grade corn chips and a bowl of pico de gallo.  The chips were heavily salted and were nothing to write home about.  The pico de gallo was excellent - it was loaded with fresh onions, cilantro and tomatoes along with a healthy dose of jalapenos.  My only problem with it was the bowl was too small and every time we tried to use a chip to scoop some out, most of the contents ended up on the table.  Because of this, we soon ran out of pico de gallo, but our server was too engrossed with a cell phone call to notice that we needed a refill.    After adjusting to the new menu, I decided about the beef version of the Cemita Poblana sandwich ($10).  The sesame-encrusted bun was a disappointment; it had the texture of a hamburger bun from the local Piggly Wiggly.  Also disappointing was the beef cutlet - too little beef and far too much of the greasy breading.   I did enjoy the rest of the sandwich, which included loads of buttery oaxaca cheese, slightly sweet caramelized onions, spicy chipotle peppers and perfectly ripe avocados.    The $7 cheese quesadilla ordered by my daughter became a comedy of errors.  She is a vegetarian and the first version of her cheese quesadilla was peppered with small chunks of chicken.  We flagged down another server (our initial server was still busy on his cell phone) who apologized for the error and promised to make a cheese-only version.  It came ten minutes later, but this time, the thick corn tortilla was a soggy mess.  (I wonder if it sat on the counter too long, since the first quesadilla did not have this problem.)  The replacement quesadilla also lacked a serving of the salsa verde that added some much needed zip to this dish.  We again flagged down a server, and after another wait, we received the green salsa.  By then the whole thing was getting cold - ugh.  While my daughter did enjoy the melted oaxaca cheese, she stated she strongly preferred the $3 Los Gemelos version of this dish.  With no sides, this dish was a poor value.  The interior of the restaurant was extremely clean, flooded with natural light and nicely decorated.    Overall, the negatives of my visit (spotty service, lackluster food) outweighed the positive (superb pico de gallo).  With so many other great, local options for Mexican food, I doubt that I will be paying A La Brasa a return visit.
This is a mixed bag. The service was hands down the worst I have ever seen. We were almost done with our meal when they brought the appetizer. When we were ready for the check they realized we haven't gotten all our drinks out yet and brought us the last drink.  The food was decent, and deserves better than 2 stars, but the bad service couldn't make up for it.  I am finishing this review just now (April 2014). The review pertains to our visit to A La Brasa in July 2013
It's really kind of a just alright. One could tolerate a meal here but when going out the idea is not to tolerate but to really enjoy.  Both me and my partner felt the food was kind of bland.
I agree wholeheartedly with Sharon G's assessment. I haven't been lucky to visit the ones in Brazil, but Viva Brazil and Tropeiro in Glasgow are mighty impressive. This place seriously suffers by comparison with them. The salad bar is no good, although we had better luck on the meat front, with the chicken hearts proving quite entertaining little morsels.  What I hope is the case is that this is the first of many churrascaria places that open in Edinburgh, as it's a style of dining that I really enjoy. Fingers crossed!  Overall, we said: "the meat on offer at Zico's was very tasty. The "salad bar" was rather disappointing, so those with a previous acquaintance with the churrascaria experience won't be blown away by this place. But I'm glad that Edinburgh now has one of these, and imagine we'll get another few appearing, in the next few months. Very well suited to group dining, this place will do just fine, and has a solid opportunity to improve from a good starting point."
While I've never done charascuria in Brazil or Glasgow for that matter.. I have been to one in Auckland which operates on a much much bigger scale than Zico's.  Unlike the others, I didn't feel TOO let down by the salad bar.. there was a varied selection and let's be honest, you don't go to a charascuria for the salad! There was a good potato salad and an apple & celery salad which did wonders to help cut through the richness of all the meant!  The hot sides weren't the best... There was beans, two types of rice, fries (probably NOT traditional) some noodle stuff & some rather over cooked broccoli & cauliflower..   The meat selection was quite varied.. with lamb, rib, pork, pork with parmesan, gammon, steak, pork & leek sausages, chicken hearts & chicken wings... We quite enjoyed everything with the standouts being the gammon - it was glazed in honey or something sweet and kept the moisture in the meat. The chicken hearts were little morsels of yum and the wings were grilled to perfection, tasty and moist! Which could not be said about the pork... in either of its options... it was overcooked and very very dry.  My favourite was most definitely the grilled pineapple tho!  We went as a group of 4 on an offer from itison, so found it VERY good value for money as we only paid £10/head and even got a caipirinha each as well! I think they were hoping we'd get extra drinks or dessert but as we'd had drinks beforehand and filled up on much too much protein, no one had room for anything else! I opted for another slice of grilled pineapple as dessert!  Not sure I would venture back at full price.. though I wouldn't rule it out if someone else really wanted to go.  Definitely bring your appetites!!
Meat comes in cycles... Later cuts are juicier! Service can be slow...
Armed with a voucher we decided that that was a great excuse to try some Brazilian food. Especially on a dreary day in October, we were in need of some warming food and atmosphere.   First of the location; it is right opposite the EICC on Morrison Street. We tried to find a place to have some pre drinks - which was not possible as there is nothing close to this restaurant. Not their fault, obviously, but it would have been nice.    The entrance is on first impression on the outside is ..eh.. Purple. on the inside you are forgiven to think you stepped into a 1990's IKEA canteen. They have the entrance section close to the buffet and churrascaria grilling station.   The voucher meals are in 2 sittings between 6-8pm and 8-10pm - we had the former.  We were explained how it works: you go to the buffet, select salads, sauces rice, fries etc.. that you can take to your table. The staff will come round with various stacks of meat. Sausages, chicken, lamb, pork, chicken hearts, Parmesan pork, beef from the rib, rump steak, honey glazed gammon and possible more..  The buffet had the usual varieties of salad, olives, peppers, beetroot and warm rice dishes, stroganoff (hey they must have loads of leftovers meat that could not be carved anymore, so not too surprising)  I was pleased with the condiments - good harissa like chili paste was my favourite!  in order to protect yourself from a meat overdose and inefficient meat offerings from the staff you are provided with a disk. One side RED the other side GREEN. When you turn the disk to green, you indicate to the meat-barer that you are open for that offering. Red obviously means 'not now' or eventually 'finished'   it is a good system. We took the advise from former visitors that reviewed it and did not overdo the buffet, nor the first offerings of meat. it was rewarded with a few nice cuts of medium rare rump and some succulent honey gammon nearer the end of the sitting. We did notice that the skin (tougher) parts were always offered first. After a while I caught on and asked for more succulent parts to be cut - as I am the the one eating it I like my cuts to be pleasant!   Finished off with a couple of Brahmas (Brazilian Beer) we were proper full.  Would I go back, possibly when asked, but not seeking it out as a special visit. Their perceived tactics of "fill em up before the nicer meats come out" is a little too obvious. The price I paid on the voucher was just about worth it.
Meat ,Meat and more meat!!!   This is the second time i have visited Zico's and being honest I wasnt as impressed the second time round, however thats not to say i didnt enjoy it! With an all you can eat Brazillian Rodizio where can you really go wrong?! First of all id like to say that the mean served here ( mainly beef) was tender and delicious!! moist and yummy, and not tough or dry at all! We were even offered warm cinnamon Pinapple and i dont even like warmed up fruit really! Its No BYOB anymore but drinks arent too expensive! We got out  meal on a Itison deal and i woulod defintatley go back. The owner came to say hello to us and the waitresses serving were pleasent. If you like a good feast on meat then go! Worth a visit and a 5 min walk from haymarket :)
Absolutely blown away with this restaurant. First time in haymarket side of Edinburgh and this place was recommended by another guest at the same hotel. We took a chance and boy are we glad we did. Perfect location staff who could not do enough for you and food that quite simply topped anything I had eaten in the last year. Not for veg lovers! Tried some new things and be sure to try the warm pineapple with cinnamon. Even I was surprised by how good it was! Price more than reasonable and a cosy welcoming environment. Thumbs up from me and a firm recommendation.
I do like the starters, they r tasty. However it has very limited choice. Only 4 starters if I'm not wrong.  The MEAT, I must say I am bit disappointed with it, they do have a large range of roasted meats, but u can't expect too much on the taste, some of them r overcooked even burned , some of them r too salty, I only find the sweet pork and beef rib r nice. Average waiting time between each roast coming is far too long, we were like wait there and have nothing to eat, the staffs r nice though.  We don't have a voucher so it's like 20 quids pp, which is bit overvalued given the quality of meat, however if u r a meat lover with a discount voucher , it's certainly wonderful place for ur nights out.
This is one for when you're not in a hurry. Service can be a bit slow but it's worth the wait for all the different cuts off meat.  You can't order anything specific but it's great for trying lots of different things.  The salad bar isn't anything spectacular but is a nice accompaniment to the meat, which is really the star of the show.
Meat fest!!! This was my forth time at Zico's....no I am not an addict!!!  Everytime this little gem appears on Groupon well I am all over it. The deal is normally all you can eat Buffet £19 for 2 people for a 2hr sitting. Cannie grumble with that...well not me certainily ive been 4 times he heee.   This time service was a struggle! the world cup was on , lots of men in eating them out of business and was very crowded, so services was alot slower than normal, so i suggest that you go mid week or on a Friday. We enjoyed our meal. I still have alot of faith in this place, hence the 4 stars. Would I go here and pay full price? Nah probably not, Will I buy another voucher? Oh probably.
I love this place the food is the real deal. I will be back and Liz is a great waitress. The chicken was great the rice was perfect. I'm home sick for Tampa but this spot makes things easier
Does new ownership mean crappy service?  We arrived. We were greeted.  We were seated and given menus. Then, we were promptly ignored for over 20 minutes. While  other tables were being tended to, we were passed by several time with out so much as an "I'll be right with you". No water was served to us either!  I have eaten here before and never had such a bad experience, not here or anywhere else. I am so sad and disappointed.  Never again.
I moved from orlando, Florida and was really missing the cultural food experience that you could find anywhere.  After trying this restaurant, hands down it beats any place I've tried before. I no longer miss my orlando spot. The portions are very generous and the price is reasonable. Anything you order will explode in flavor on your first bite. Sofrito is made from scratch and any dish you order will be satisfying. To top it all off the service is genuine and exceptional!  The owner sat us down, and the server vicki was more than pleasant. She is very personable and overall it was a fun experience.  It is like stepping into the island itself!  If you are looking for a genuine latin experience you must stop in.
Thanks to Yelp my wife and I have been trying a new restaurant each weekend. This weekend we tried Puerto Rico Latin Bar & Grill. We were very impressed with the quality and taste of the food. We had the Mofongo Carne Frita (mashed plantains with fried pork chunks) and Tostones Al Mojo (twice fried plantain chips with garlic sauce). They were delicious. We had Flan for desert, AWSOME. The restaurant was a true treasure to find. The owner came to the table and we had a great chat. This place was very clean and the food was very affordable. We will be going back very soon.
Awesome place! Great tasting food at great prices. Will definitely recommend this place. This is the only place I have had that tastes just like my moms!  Try the pernil with yellow rice.  The flan is also to die for!
I wanted a taste from home without cooking. So I looked online and found this place. Once we got there it felt like home. The mofongo is delicious. Pasteles are great. If you have never had Puerto Rican food it is the place to go. I recommend the pork shoulder and mofongo platters. My best friend is Puerto Rican so I know authentic. Aside from her kitchen it will give you a good starting point.
Went there for lunch today with a friend. The place was empty except for us and I don't really understand why. We ordered a couple appetizers to share. My favorite was the fried plantains. I ordered the Pernil which is a slow roasted pork dish and I had the yellow rice with it. It also came with a side salad which is a nice touch. The pork was delicious although it didn't seem to have as much flavor as it did the first time I came. Also there was some fat in it that I had to scrape out. It wasn't a lot but enough  for me to mention it here. My friend ordered the fried chicken and yellow rice. She enjoyed it and said she would definitely come back. I love that they have the Coco Rico soda to drink. This is a coconut flavored soda that I really like. I can't speak to the authenticity of the food as I am not an expert on Puerto Rican food but I can say it's delicious and I'll definitely be back!
Amazing food!  I live Mexican food, but Puerto Rican food.... Wow!  Try the pernil and empanadas!  Malta Goya and flan was great too!  Definitely coming back with friends!
My husband & I eat here often for dine-in and carry-out.  They recently bought this place from the previous owners who also was a Puerto Rican restaurant. Their food is fantastic and the service is amazing.  The owner is so friendly and attentive and the food is just like on the island. We love the mofongo y pernil, the chuletas, alcapurrias, empanadas, pasteles....EVERYTHING ON THE MENU BASICALLY. Their entree prices are reasonable, under $15-$20. Just go and try it if you haven't before and I promise you will enjoy it all.
As I write this review I have to be upfront and admit that I have only been here twice for carry-out orders of Mofongo(mashed fried plantains in a broth with garlic).  I cannot get past the Mofongo on the menu because it is so good!  You can order it plain or with a variety of meats on the side.  I have had the Chicharrones(marinated fried pork) which are so juicy and go well with the Mofongo.  I will continue to come back and am promising my fellow Yelpers and myself to try other items on the menu!  The staff is so friendly and will explain their menu.  The restaurant is super clean and love the music playing that brings me back to my childhood when Mom and Dad are dancing while preparing our meals.  Please continue to support this place or stop by and try it out for the first time for a new experience!  I don't want this place disappearing.
I recently moved from Bronx NY to Arizona withmy husband and kids. I tell you I was so stressed out, I was upset and having a tantrum that their were no puerto rican resturants. I was in furiated til one day i made it my mission to find a resturant no matter how far it was. I found Puerto Rico Bar and Grill online just googling. I decided thats where i was going to go. So my entire family went and my father who is a native from PR loved the place. The food was amazing I mean i didnt feel as home sick. Now all I need is to find a salsa club, with my salseras im not no pro but I love my salsa music. I am still adjusting to Arizona. its been 7 months.
I'm in a happy, fat food coma right now. Today, my husband and I were trying to decide on take-out and I came across a BOGO coupon in the Entertainment book. Score and done deal! I was glad to see they had a website with the menu listed. The menu does the trick but it would be nice if the pictures listed the name of the entrée. The menu looked to be identical to the previous restaurant which was fine by me.   We ordered the Tostones al mojo, 2 alcapurrias, pernil with yellow and gandules (pigeon peas), and the beef stew with rice and a side of red beans. Everything was very delicious. The rice definitely had some crunchy parts (as another reviewer mentioned) which didn't bother me. I am Puerto-Rican and grew up used to the rice intentionally being cooked that way. I can see how it could be off-putting to others, though. My husband thought the pernil was slightly bland but I thought it was just fine.   The bill was $32 before coupon, and after coupon, came out to $19. I guess we were the first to use this BOGO coupon and the guy spent some time trying to figure it out. He was very apologetic, though. Overall, great value even without the coupon, as we have plenty of leftovers. Will definitely be back for some PR comfort food.
This a great place great food and great service I love it!
It was a pleasure to find a restaurant with great service, I decided that I will be a regular client. Thank you for the amazing food. I am on cloud nine..   Hope everyone gives this place a try...you won't regret it
Delicious food.  Garlicky mofongo with nicely fried pork to go with it.  The alcapurrias were delicious but small.  I am deducting one star for running out of chicken which my husband wanted since he doesn't eat pork or shrimp.   Good service.   Good luck guys on the restaurant.  I had not been there since the prior place closed up.  I see you haven't missed a step.   Will go back soon.
Love LoVe this place!!! Food is authentic and service is great.  My family is from NY and they also love the food.  Try the pernil and the mofongo!!! Try it all!! Very good!  I'd give it 10 stars.  I am planning on lunch here since it's at a better price :). You will love it.
Not only is the food authentic, the people are too! I ordered the mofongo with fried beef and I was in heaven. Half way through eating it one of the guys walks over and gives me a little caldo from the carne  guisada he was making to put on my mofongo...dude that's something I have never experienced anywhere else except with family!  After that I had to order a side of the arroz con gandules!  With Hector Lavoe and Rey Ruiz in the background I felt like I was in a restaurant in Puerto Rico. I live in LA and this place is worth the 1 hour flight or 5 hour drive....YES....it's that good!!  Check this place out...you'll see what it feels like for Puerto Ricans to visit family since that's how I felt when I was there...and it was my first time,
Walked in Saturday evening expecting a great meal. I was recommended to thiz place by a born and raised nuyorican. Reviews show food is phenomenal. Unfortunately I can't agree. We waited at the front door for about 10 minutes and nobody greeted us. The three people in the kitchen kept looking out at us but never nodded or offered any type of acknowledgement. As everyone already seated stared at us waiting to be seated, I noticed every single one of the 8 tables did not have food. Needless to say, after 10 more agonizing minutes of waiting at the front door, 10 we left.
Food is great- full of flavor and reminds me of living in New York. The service, on the other hand is really lacking. At times, the restaurant will be closed without notice and there is no answering machine when calling. It is frustrating to want pernil and attempt calling for over an hour, just to drive down and realize they are closed (no sign- just locked doors). I love the tostones, pernil, arroz con gandules, but eveything seems to run on island time, instead of NYC speed.
I'm literally eating their food right now, and I wish I had an endless buffet of it.  They are catering a luncheon that I'm attending for work, and they brought with them the most insanely delicious beans I've ever eaten in my life! And trust me when I say that- I'm a bean connoisseur.   I've never been to the restaurant, or even heard of them before this luncheon, but you better believe I just bookmarked this place to come back this weekend! My belly is fat and happy :)
Very uncomfortable experience.  My visit was the only time I've ever walked out of a restaurant.  Upon entering, there was nobody to greet us, so after standing for a minute or two, we grabbed our own menus and sat ourselves.  Even though there were two servers and only six tables of people, nobody acknowledged us.  No hello, no waters, nothing.  After 22 minutes seated with no service, we left.  My girlfriend is Puerto Rican and was dying to show me authentic food.  We drove 45 minutes from south Chandler specifically to eat at the best place in Phoenix.  She had been telling me about it all week, about specific things she'd get us.  It's a shame that my first experience was so negative, but I'll have to try some of the other authentic options (closer to home.)  I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.  Especially if you live in the East Valley.
Had lunch with the hubby here and this place never disappoints.  We even got a free order of to stones because I had their flyer.  This place isn't in the best area but it's worth finding for sure!  I drive all the way from Surprise to eat here and it's always good!    Pernil and mofongo are always good!  Yum- plus lunch prices are great!  Try and experience the taste of Puerto Rican cuisine!!!
It was like being at home with my Mami cooking traditional Puerto Rican food. Of course I had to peak at the Chef and to my surprise she looked like a teenager. She did the damn thing... no better way to describe it. The flan.... geez... don't forget to order you some flan! And the staff... I swear it was like being back in NY with family.
Having been to Puerto Rico twice with my ex who was born and raised on the island, I know authentic Puerto Rican food.   Omg it's so good... just go try it.  Celiac/gluten free note: most items on their menu are naturally gluten free.   Food breakdown:  Tostones: thousand island type dressing or a green garlic. Mix them Mofongo w/ pork: sauce was fantastic, pork awesome, a ton of mofongo Mofongo w/shrimp: very garlicky... good if you like garlic  Side salad came from the store with ranch. Good to offset the richness of the mofongo.  Highly recommended!
Love this place! It's a little bit of home. The service is always friendly as well as the owner. And their mofongo with shrimp is amazing!  Would go more often if it was closer.
My husband & I love this place. We came here before the new owners. But since the new owners, we have been there more frequently. Wesley, the owner, is an amazing person and this place is his baby! You can taste it in the food for sure! Family owned and operated so you know it's going to be amazing. It's the best Puerto Rican food in Phoenix, hands down. My husband always gets the mofongo y pernil with a side of garlic oil for the mofongo (likes to keep the vampires away I think). I like to change it up and get something diff each time. I love the chuletas, alcapurrias, and the ambience the most. We make it a point to come at least 2x/month but if it were up to me, it would be a daily visit.  Thank you for your amazing service and food each time.
que bueno que comentaste que encontraste productos argentinos. voy a ir a conocerlo. :)
Gracias Salette M Desde que me mude a AZ he buscado donde comprar yerba mate , siempre termino encargando on line que sale mas caro.  Mil gracias por el comentario  Barb.
Encontré este negocio de casualidad navegando en Facebook https://www.facebook.com/pages/Mi-Tienda-Latina/138312079642544?fref=ts  vi en sus albumes de fotos de facebook que tenían productos de Argentina (y otros paises latinoamericanos) así que fui a ver que tal estaba. Cuando llegué conocí al dueño, un señor muy amable y fui a ver directamente donde estaban las cosas de Argentina, me desilusionó la principio porque no habia muchas cosas en los estantes, pero cuando el señor vió que estaba en la sección de Argentina, me comentó que justo había recibido algunos productos argentinos, y comenzó a abrir cajas y sacar todo lo que había recibido, al final me fui con un montón de productos a mi casa, super contenta. Desde esa vez ya volví varias veces, ahi se puede comprar yerba mate, mate, bombilla, dulce de leche, alfajores, terma, galletitas dulces, bizcochitos, chimichurri, sal parrillera celusal, dulce de batata, dulce de membrillo, tapas de pascualina la salteña, tapas/discos de empanadas la salteña, morcillas estilo argentino, chorizo estilo argentino y mucho más. Para Navidad además había traído pan dulce, budines, turrones. Tambien tienen productos de otros países como Perú, Puerto Rico, Ecuador, Colombia, etc. En comparación con otros lugares donde fui a comprar productos argentinos, aquí es donde mejor atención recibí, y los precios están más bajos que en el resto de los lugares. Además el dueño siempre está abierto a sugerencias para traer más productos.
First clue was when we heard the sound of the microwave in the kitchen. The homemade drinks were okay. The tamales were microwaved from frozen, so scorching hot difficult to tell the taste. The pupusas were fresh made and looked nice, but they had no true flavor. Had to add salt and their salsa to make edible. Not too bad for price - $2 each. If I were to go back and were stuck hungry in the area I would eat pupusas with salt & salsa, but I would hope that wouldnt happen....  Still $20 for two to eat wasted. The staff was friendly.
As a Salvadorian I must say, this place is pretty damn good. I've only had the pupusas and quesadilla and they're pretty legit! They're stuffed and flavorful! Restaurants tend to forget that the essence of a pupusa is it being stuffed! Definitely recommend to a friend!
Came here with a friend bc she had a restaurants.com certificate. I'm so glad she did. We found a gem in discovering this hole-in-the-wall.   At first glance of the menu, we thought we'd have a hard time reaching our minimum of $22.50 for $15 off. The pupusas and tamales were $2 each. By the time we were done ordering and got the bill, we had overdone it and had a bill close to $30. Thank goodness for the coupon. All worth it though and we wouldn't have tried all the dif. things if we limited ourselves!  Seeing as how my friend is Salvadoran, I knew her approval was the icing on the cake.  We ordered the following: 1) Chicharron con queso pupusa con harina de arroz. The dough of this pork pupusa was made from a rice instead.  It was a little firmer texture than the standard pupusa.  Pretty good. I prefer it softer but still yummy  2) Calabaza con queso pupusa Shredded zucchini and cheese. Couldn't really taste the zucchini as it was vey mild but good for those of you who want green veggies :).   3) tamale de pollo - my favorite!!! Salvadoran tamales aren't like Mexican tamales. The masa is much softer, moister and smoother (not as grainy). It came with meat and a small piece of potato.  Not sure how much they cost here but back home I've paid $3-$5 for them and this one was certainly the best one. The masa was so well flavored and at $1.80 ea, it is well worth it.   4) Camarones de mojo al ajo-garlic shrimp Definitely garlicky. You get a small bowl of shrimp in garlic sauce with 2 plain pupusas, beans, rice and salad.  The shrimp was a bit too firm for our liking.  But the sauce was good.  5) Horchata Salvadorena This horchata is made from a seed called moro instead of using rice.  It was nuttier and almost smoky tasting.  It wasn't sweet at all but apparently it can sometimes be.  My friend gave it a thumbs up.  I thought it was a good change from the Mexican horchata but it's not for everyone.  The waitress was really sweet and let us try a sample first.   6) Nuegados de yuca - friend yuca with sweet custard inside.  At this point I am hitting my limit of being overly stuffed with carbs.  Heck, I don't even know if I got the spanish name right b/c I am so full.  It wasn't as "custardy" as my friend is used to.  It was a bit firmer but you can't beat fried yuca with something sweet inside.  It wasn't overly sweet.  7) Empanadas de platano (?) dessert - it was fried plantain with something inside I think and with a brown syrup to dip.    As the first one to review this place, I say go go go to this great little place.  They have specials on pupusas on Weds and Sats.   If you're driving and you're going west on Indian School, there is a good chance you might drive by it.  It's next to a tax service and a discount liquor store or something (it was dark).  If you go east, you can see the name on the side of the building.
Fantastic Food! Great Service! They provide a great atmosphere for a lunch on the go. Glad I found this joint!
Had the lunch special, absolutely terrific food, wonderful flavor! Looking forward to coming back many more times to try the other options and desserts.
Great ambiance. Some of my faves: arroz con pollo, pernil, el capitán, and my #1 guava and cheese! Yummy!
Had lunch there today OMG it is so good! We will be going back, often!
So delicious! Everything we ordered was fabulous. Super good black beans and rice and the pork and the potato empanadas are amazing. New favorite place!
What a great addition to downtown Mesa. The eatery offers a hip little hangout with a long community table down the center backing up to the Mesa Community Garden (you start to see the concept they are going for). The service was good, food was great, menu is sleek and simple.  We have not had a chance to try the desserts yet, that is on our list! The selection looks unbelievable. We heard they are also getting a liquor license, which will transform it from an urban eatery to a place to hangout and stay a while. Looking forward to that.
Best Latin Food! I've been there quite a few times now since I work close By. Their menu has a variety of Latin Food and every Dish I've tried has been tasty and fresh made.  My kids love their rice & Beans. The Empanadas are not Greasy and they have at least 8 different kinds to choose from. I got Addicted to the Sweet Empanadas :) There are also Healthy options my favorite is the Black Bean Salad made with Fresh veggies, Black Beans & Avocados. Their Sauce & Dressing are homemade. RE has an Industrial/Moderm Style & Their staff is very Friendly. For all this reasons I just simply Love this Place.
Amazing lunch specials! The Pernil empanada is to die for!
Great simple menu. Great pricing. Had the lunch special today with my husband and it was super good. The rice and beans were very tasty. My usual pet peeve about empanadas is that they are either too greasy, too doughy, or the insides are greasy and tasteless. Soooo not the case here. I had the potato and the cheese one and both were very tasty, not greasy, and not doughy. I will definitely be back.
Really good food, from really great people.  The Dessert empanadas with ice cream and dulce de leche were amazing! They were out of a few of the menu items I wanted to try, but I really liked the potato empanada, maduros (sweet plantains) and tostones (savory green plantains.) I'll definitely be back to try the yucca frita and bean and cheese empanada.  This place reminds me of fusion between, Havana Cafe and Cornish Pasty.  You should definitely give it a try.
I really like it. Service was outstanding. Simple menu. Sleek and stylish decor. It's a beautiful addition to downtown Mesa. ER has so much potential! I had a lovely chat with the owner, Edmundo, who told us about his family, him being from Mexico and his wife from Costa Rica. The beautiful mural on the wall represents his family. It's awesome! You can tell there is a lot of love and passion behind this business. I also liked the fact that the owner was so friendly and open to suggestions and feedback.  I was so very excited for ER to open since I lived in Chile for a year and ate empanadas nearly everyday. We ordered the El Capitan (it sounded the closest to the traditional Chilean empanadas I loved), and the Cubana. Unfortunately, I was underwhelmed by the El Capitan. It wasn't bad, just not what I was expecting I guess. Cubana was very good.   They also had a really good lunch special. It was $7.50 for 2 empanadas, a side of beans, rice, and salad.(I think). Excited for them to get their liquor license and start offering local craft beers!  I think ER has a lot of potential. Will be back to try the rest of the menu.
Love this place. Well-made food, great atmosphere. The avocado and heart of palm salad is possibly my favorite thing on the menu (with the exception of their nutella banana empanada). Their gallo pinto is even tastier than the versions I had in Costa Rica. This is an absolute must-try in Mesa.
Great place with a great vibe and delicious empanadas!  We must have tried 10 flavors between the 4 of us and they were all amazing!  The ranch/ cilantro dressing with a few items (salads and appetizers) was also amazing.  Very interesting flavor combos for the empenadas and delicious flaky crust.  Superb!  Great new find for me!  Oh and I love the stamps to label everything!  And the beautiful mural and all the cactus.  Its a creative place!
Super stylish, super hip, super friendly and SUPER GOOD. I never knew white rice could be so savory, and the beans were keen, too! The empanadas are just exquisite!!!!!! I HIGHLY recommend Rupublica Empanada!!! It's truly a gem of downtown Mesa!
Wow, deliciously different. Made a bit of sampler platter with my wife. Tried 8 different empanadas...all delicious, but the Boricua and El Capitan were my favorites....primarily for being so different and complex. Great melange of flavors. Loved the spicy green sauce they give you on the side. The restaurant is very clean, great, friendly and efficient staff. They are very helpful explaining the different ingredients. Great addition to Downtown.
Delicious, cheap food. The staff are really nice, hardworking people.
Cons: I am a fan of spices. In all honesty, I did not really taste a lot of spice in any of the dishes I tried today. I also thought the empanada's were a bit on the small side. Finally, I was not a big fan of the  ham. Seemed more like farmer john boiled ham in cubes then a real smoked or cured ham. Don't get me wrong it tasted good, but if I wanted lunch meat I would have got a sandwich.   Pro's Some of the nicest people I have met. The girl that waited on me was respectfully dressed. She was kind, courteous, and more than willing to go over everything on the menu and make recommendations. There was a gentleman on a laptop that introduced himself to me, shook my hand, and thanked me for coming in.  There was a slightly older gentleman that held the door open for me, and everyone thanked me for coming in and asked me to come again as I left. Finally, the food is very reasonably priced.   Food- Now as i said before in my opinion, I though the empanadas themselves were a bit on the small side. However, they are budgeted for their size. So don't walk in thinking 1 or 2 is probably going to feed you if you have a big appetite. I came in with the attitude of  the empanadas would be the size of a cornish pasty. When I saw the price I was like wow this is going to be a great deal.  It ended up being a fair deal.  Their pork is pretty decent. Their black bean and cheese was really good, their cubana which is pork, ham, cheese. I was slightly disappointed because again what I expected was not what I got. I figured it would be a shaved smoked or a cured ham.  The sides I got were black beans and rice.  Plus a cabbage salad.   All fairly decent, nothing to right home about.   Final thoughts- Spice it up, maybe try a different type of ham and don't be afraid to tell people empanada's are hand sized. It's the only thing keeping me from giving five stars. In all honesty, I probably would have given three stars on the food because nothing stuck out as great or terrible. What really makes this place though are the people. I am glad I met them today. It's nice to see more places coming to downtown mesa and more business owners need to take a tip from these folks and appreciate their customers.
It's on 1st AVE NOT 1st St. Had Acho Pollo platter with cilantro jalapeño salsa stuff. HOLY COW!!!! Fantastic!!! Wife and daughter had rice pudding for dessert but I'm loving this cilantro after taste. Great service. Family owned. We are definitely coming back.
These guys have a great little restaurant.  Food is excellent.  I'm excited to see what they do with the place.  Hope the salads and entree selection on their menu grows!
Ever since the boyfriend and I discovered empanadas in New York we have been dreaming of finding something comparable close to home. Enter Republica Empanada.  When we saw the menu online we got excited because there were a variety of options, many quite similar to what we had experienced in NYC. Our expectations were high and Republica Empanada did not disappoint. We both ordered the lunch special - 2 empanadas, rice, beans and salad for $7.50. I chose the Hawaiian and the El Capitan, both were very, very good. The shell was done just right - crispy but not greasy. And there was plenty of filling with a good ratio of ingredients. They served them with a spicy cilantro sauce on a side that definitely had a kick but was very tasty. The rice and beans, though simple, were flavorful and a nice complement to the empanadas.   The place itself is clean, contemporary and comfortable. The staff was very pleasant and helpful explaining the menu options.  One thing to watch out for when going there - they are on First AVE. Apple maps will take you to First STREET (thanks a lot SIRI!) So watch out for that.  I can't wait to go back and try a few of the other flavors. This is sure to become a regular place for us.
I'm so addicted to RE. I crave their bean and cheese Empanadas and yuca fries literally everyday! I also love their platter that has the various plantains and yuca! Great design too, a gem in downtown mesa :)
The vibe is cool and the staff was very nice, but I was not super impressed with my empanada.  I had a Nutella and peanut butter one, and it was deep fried a little too long.  All I could taste was grease and there was barely any filling.  If I go back I think I'll try a savory empanada instead!
Another place in downtown Mesa that is missing  the boat. No paper menus to go. SLOW service. The food looked exellent but I'm a busy professional, I can't wait or take a hour llong lunch, unless I get a job woriking at the Courthouse or the City of Mesa--good pay, cake jobs, count me in.
The place was fairly easy to find, we were greeted and sat immediately despite the rush. Did take a while to get our drink order due to short staffing. Otherwise, the food totally made up for it! A nice, and much needed spot in the Mesa area!
I love this place. Delicious food, reasonably priced. Seems like the owners are always here making everyone feel like family. The pumpkin empanada was delicious. Cheeseburger empanada also did not disappoint. Nice to see a family business in downtown Mesa giving it a go.
Great lunch special! Simple and delicious. Pick your two empanadas and it comes with rice, black beans, and cabage salad. Afordable. The place is modern and love that they have a couch to relax after finishing your meal. Customer service great.
I used to eat at this building years ago. I think it was called Casa Rosa's at the time, but when I moved I wasn't able to visit again until after the business had shut down. For the first time in years, I saw this place open, so I excitedly pulled into one of the street side parking spaces and walked in.   The general idea of the place is the same. There is a tv, but the giant screen projection tv is gone for anybody that remembers it. You must walk in and go immediately left to see the counter where you order. All of the furniture is new and the interior has been completely remodeled from the looks of it. The employees were extremely helpful and polite, and I believe it was the owner that introduced himself to me. I ordered the Cubano, which alone is not nearly enough for a meal even though it was delicious. It was served with an excellent avocado sauce (didn't seem quite like guac).   They have a full selection of beverages imported from Mexico and therefore not including high fructose corn syrup. Order one of these with a two empanada lunch combo. Their prep time was very fast making this a good place for a lunch break or date. It also looks like they're applying for their beer license (exciting).   If you haven't been here since the building reopened in July 2013, it's definitely worth stopping by if you're in downtown Mesa around lunchtime.
My favorite thing about spending a summer in Argentina was trying to eat the most delicious food, as often as possible. Empanadas were a staple, and always mouthwatering. Republica Empanada nails it every single time- super authentic, every time I crave my Argentinian staple I have to come here! Mushroom and chicken is my favorite. Stop in and support, it's an awesome mom and pop place that's a must for lunch. Hoping they expand to Phoenix and Scottsdale soon!!
First time here. I loved it! Excellent food. Great atmosphere and friendly people. Absolutely perfect!
This place is Fantastic!  The empinadas are perfect and not oily or dry.  The Pernil is my favorite along with the Posole.  They serve beer and wine and are working on getting their liquor licence.   The lunch special is filling and delicious.  Or try the Posole for your lunch.  A great way to go.  The place has a great vibe, the staff are friendly and nice and the bathrooms are always clean!    I like supporting small business, and this is a win win!
What an awesome place! To start with, the staff is great. they're very friendly and come around often to check on you. The owner is really nice and pleasant and we had a very nice conversation with him. Now the food, Awesome!!! We tried a variety of empanadas and they were all great. The Jalapeno one was especially good. The dessert empanada fig cheese and caramel was delicious!  This place is wonderful! We will definitely be back and we highly recommend that you try it!
I used to have the empanadas served here back when it was the owner selling them from a small mobile shop. The restaurant has grown but the food has remained uniformly excellent. Delicious, filling, inexpensive and a fun atmosphere.   I just took my mother here, visiting from Michigan. She's says: "minimal setting ad frills, and just really, really great food."
Walking into RE you are greeted with a nice clean dining room with tasteful art and a slight industrial theme (the light bulbs are pretty cool). The empanada's are very tasteful, although I would like to see some more onion in the cheeseburger empanada. I also tried the El Capitan, Mushroom Chicken, and Jalapeno Popper; all were VERY good!  The staff was very friendly and the service was excellent. If you are looking for a nice lunch in a good atmosphere, visit Republica Empanada. I plan on going back and trying a few more empanada flavors along with their yummy house green salsa.
Nestled close to downtown, this place is a hidden gem in Mesa and definitely worth discovering! Although small inside & a slightly limited menu, containing empanadas savory and sweet (some gluten free, wheat, and vegetarian choices) a few appetizers, platters, a couple sides, soup and salads, Republica Empanada was big on flavor! Beverages consist of RC products on tap, bottles of fully loaded Pepsi, Coke, Jarritos in several fruity flavors, canned soda, lemonade and tea. I ordered the Greek empanada filled with sautéed spinach, creamy feta, and kalamata olive, thanks to the suggestion of our awesome server Heidi, and that day's special, the Jalapeno popper empanada with cream cheese, ham, and roasted jalapenos, both melt in your mouth savory perfection! Oh and the jalapeno cilantro ranch is amazing, so great I could put it on both and could have finished it with a spoon! My daughter had the buffalo chicken which she wanted me to say that it was soooo good and from the one bite she was sweet enough to share I agree, it was soooo good! Only wished the empanadas were bigger but for my waistline's sake glad they're not because I want to try them all! Dinner isn't complete without dessert, so we ordered "the King" an empanada stuffed with peanut butter & banana. Little Miss loved it and by the last bite was saying thank you, thank you very much! (LL) I had melt in your mouth sweet perfection, fig and caramel empanada made with fig, mozzarella cheese, & South American dulce de leche, a definite must try! Great food, prices and service will definitely keep me coming back for more!
My oldest daughter and I met up with a friend and her daughter for dinner , the placed picked Republica Empanada.  We walked in and where greeted right away, and our server was Heidi, who was amazing & helpful!    For starters I ordered Tostones, fried green plantains severed with creama and this amazing cilantro jalapeno ranch sauce, this was a great starter, I loved it, the plantains where cooked perfectly and the combination of the creama & cilantro jalapeno ranch sauce was perfect! They flowed well with each other, so good!  Now they do offer sweet & savory empanadas, and for the savory I went with the Republica Chicken and the Cubana.  The Cubana was slow roasted pork, ham, mozzarella & dill pickle, it was very tasty, I enjoyed it very much. The Republica Chicken was chicken & veggies with some seasoning. OMG AMAZING!! I need to try out the rest of the savory ones, but right now the Republica Chicken is my fav!!   Now for the sweet!!! I ordered the fig, cheese & caramel & Nutella & banana.  The fig empanada had figs, mozzarella and South American style Dulce de Leche, this was amazing, I loved the combinations of everything! Figs, Cheese and Caramel, yes please!   The Nutella & Banana AAAAAMMMMMMAAAAZZZZZIIIIINNNNNGGGGGG!!! I am a Nutella loving fool, love that stuff, and this empanada was perfect!! So so good!!!  I enjoyed everything I had tried and everything is so reasonably priced, didn't even break the bank account for everything! Great service and great food look forward to coming back and trying more empanadas out!
A very cool restaurant in downtown Mesa!  We tried several of the empanadas and loved all of them. Great staff, nice location next to the community garden. This is definitely going to be a regular.
These are the best empanadas I've ever had. The empanada dough is perfect. It's thin and crisp - not so thin that it's falling apart and not too crisp that it's hard to eat. The fillings are delicious and the dessert empanadas are uuuuhmazing! We came here two times in two days because we are out-of-towners and had to get as many empanadas as we could! I liked the Republica Chicken, Bean and Cheese, the Fig, Cheese, and Caramel desert empanada, and the guava and cheese. I'm seriously thinking the drive from LA might be worth it! Plus the staff is very friendly and welcoming. I can't wait to come back.
I recently heard of this empanada restaurant and I just had to make sure I would go and try it out.  I lived in South America for 2 years and empanadas was a food that I ate just about every day down there.  At the Republica Empanada, I ordered the ham and cheese, buffalo chicken, and the beef (El Capitan).  The ham and cheese and the El Capitan were very good and they tasted pretty much like the ones I ate in Paraguay.  I was not impressed with the buffalo chicken empanada.  I love buffalo wings, but this empanada did not have the "buffalo" flavor that I was expecting.  They used gorgonzola in the buffalo chicken empanada, so that may be the reason I could not taste and "buffalo" flavor.  We also ordered yuca frita (fried yuca) with was good.  In Paraguay, you pretty much have mandioca (yuca, cassava) with every meal you eat.  It was nice to eat yuca frita again.  If you like empanadas, give this place a try, it is good.
Just happen to be in the area with the wife and decided to check them out. We were getting ready to see a concert at the nearby casino and needed to fuel up on some craft beer and get a quick sampling of their Empanadas.  Nice job on the remodeling of an old building that looks like it could have been everything from possibly a bank to several Mexican food joints. Inside is pleasantly decorated with a happy face greeting us at the door. Nice!  Started off with a couple of tasty locally brewed Hefeweizen beers from SanTan Brewing Co. They even brought us a cute little chilled glass to make the occasion special. There are also several other choices of beer and a few of wine that you can choose.  Had to try out the Cubana, El Capitán, Republica Chicken and the Pernil Empanada. They were all really good. My favorite was El Capitán and the wife really liked Pork Pernil. The Empanadas were cooked perfectly and had a nice amount of well seasoned filling inside.  We have had these kind of treats at several restaurants here in town and think these were the best tasting yet. Been to a couple of restaurants where they reheat them in a microwave or toaster oven. Party Foul. This place makes them correctly and with a lot of TLC.  Looking forward to coming back so that we can try out their Sweet side of the menu and the Albondigas Soup that was offered to us on our last visit. They also have Salads, Appetizers and a few Platters that look really delicious. I'LL BE BACK!  4.25 STARS
Overall the night went very well the moment we walked in. Our waitress was very kind, happy, and helpful. I ordered the Hawaiian and for dessert the Nutella & Banana   they were to good to just have one so i ordered two more :)
What a fun, delicious find in downtown Mesa. We loved the decor, music and most importantly the food. The empanadas are excellent! I had the Chicken and Jalepeno Popper one. It's worth a drive if you don't live close.
Great place and nice change of pace from typical good found in the valley - empanadas are a wide range of fillings and there is something for everyone. Try the sweet empanadas for dessert they are great
Lovely interior, just enough comfort-to-hip ratio. Went there for the first time Monday night got 4 empanadas and a desert for take out. The food was delicious!!! and we will be going there to eat in next time. As I was waiting for my food I noticed that the staff were engaged and informative and customers were enjoying the atmosphere as much as the food. Go there to eat and hang out it will make a wonderful evening. Ps the food is mostly somewhat Puerto Rican & Caribbean style -ish and tastes just like you hope it will.
I went to Republica Empanada after researching local places. Their fig, mozzarella and dulce de leche empanada caught my eye so I grabbed my partner in crime and went for lunch on a Friday afternoon.  The place is tiny but very clean and nicely decorated. Not ideal with children. Inside it has one long table (bar) with bunch of chairs and about 8-10 small tables with 2-4 chairs each. They do have an outside seating area but I didn't go out. The place was rated A by health department as well.   I went just before noon and it was already busy. By the time 12:30 hit, it was packed. But they are very fast and lines moved quickly. The food didn't take long to come out and in the meantime, you get the enjoy the delicious smell.   We got 6 empanadas total. 4 meal and 2 sweet. We had the buffalo chicken, mushroom chicken, pernil, boricua, Ruiz's pieces and fig cheese & caramel. The savory ones were filled and generous. The pernil was tender and flavorful. The boricua is pernil with rice, peas, etc. and it had a tiny bit of spice and even better than the pernil. The buffalo chicken wasn't overpowering buffalo flavor and mushroom chicken was savory and moist with good spices.Ruiz's pieces was nutella and peanut butter. It was generously sprinkled with powder sugar and inside was warm and gooey. The star of the show for me was fig cheese and caramel. Dried fig with melted mozzarella and dulce de leche. What an interesting combination of flavors but it worked wonderfully together. It also came generously sprinkled with powder sugar.   It's a great local hole in the wall. We both loved everything about the place but the food is definitely worth the trip. It's a bit hidden but look for a red sign, it's hard to miss from the corner. Definitely a great find!
I like this little joint. It's small, clean, and has a hip vibe.  The pernil empanadas were tasty. The crust is the main attraction, crisp but not greasy. The outer crust is made with flour rather than with cornmeal which is fine. I like both crusts as long as they're done right. The meat is flavorful, but slightly on the drier side. The version with rice and beans and pernil was OK, but I liked the straight pernil better. The ground beef was good also. I guess I subscribe to the "less ingredients is more," approach to empanadas. Would've liked to have tried the chicken, but they were already out at 5pm on a Saturday.   The empanadas are a good size and my friend and I split 3 so we could try a variety. The green dipping sauce was a bit on the bland side, and I would've liked to have had a house made red sauce option.   We also ordered yucca, which is always great right out of the fryer, but cut quite thick so it can get starchy when it cools down. The hearts of palm salad was enormous, and can easily be shared between 2-4 people. It's packed full of fresh ingredients but it overall it wasn't anything special and the green dressing was also on the watery blander side. The plantain patty that comes with the salad was crispy and had a great texture. Again, it was fried but not greasy. I will probably just skip the salad next time, and save room for more empanadas, which are the star of the show.   Servers were casual but very attentive.   I don't get to the the East side much, but the next time I catch a show at the Mesa Arts, I will make a stop. It's literally walking distance.
Excellent fried empanadas + soccer on the TV.
We were impressed with the freshness and quality of the ingredients. Everything was homemade, and there was great attention to detail. The server was attentive to our needs. It was reasonably priced. The food was delicious. It reminded me of my time spent in Latin America. What else could you ask for? We'll definitely be going back :)
went with my husband last nite for date nite & we had a wonderful time. the staff was helpful & friendly. we tried a a variety of the empanada flavors & they were all great not a bad one they were all crisp & flavorful.the dessert ones were heaven. all in all it was a great restaurant, layed back vibe you have to try it out, you won't be disappointed.
We were looking for a dog friendly restaurant and called up Republica Empanada and they let us bring him out on the patio with us. A good start  Their Tostones were very, very good. Large and enough for 3-4 people to start.  We decided to all try a few and share, everything was great. The Cuban was tasty and the Capitan was particularly good. The house Pork was also amazing.  We will be back, we are always looking for good spots to eat. Prices aren't too bad when you consider the flavor!
Yum yum!  Decent prices, clean, friendly and different.   We will definitely come back.
This restaurant was like a little slice of hipster downtown Phoenix in Mesa. The space is nicely decorated and has a 'cool' atmosphere. I went with a friend and we each got the dinner plate. Unfortunately, they were out of more than half of their variety of empanada... it was only around 6 pm.... Anyway, the empanadas I ended up getting were very good. Got the Cubana and the Boricua. The Cubana was very flavorful, and though I don't typically like ham, I really liked this. The Boricua was also good with pulled pork and a yellow rice.... it even has olives in it, which I don't like, but I liked this. The crust of their empanadas was thin and crispy....really delicious. The green sauce they provide is good, with nice heat, but is really strong with raw onion... I could taste it in my mouth all night. The dinner plate also came with rice and beans (which were both pretty standard, nothing special) and maduros which were very tasty. We shared dessert, a fig and cheese with ice cream...this was tasty, but I didn't think the ice cream added too much...for the extra 3$, just get a second empanada. I would definitely come back here if I were in the neighborhood again.
What should you eat? The Cubano empanada with a side of tostones. And get a little extra of that jalapeño ranch - you'll want it.  When should you go? After 6 PM on Mondays and Tuesdays, apparently. They do a $20 "flight night" deal: 4 flights of beer, 4 empanadas, all for less than a tank of gas. And all their beer is localish - there's some Portland and Mexican brews, but there's selections from Phoenix, Tempe, Chandler, and even Mesa.   My only regret: Other than not coming during that 4-for-20 nonsense extravaganza, I wish I'd had room to try one of the sweet empanadas. After two empanadas and sharing the caribé platter (which, delicious), I couldn't eat another bite. But oh man, did I want to.
Republica Empanada is the perfect little lunchtime gem I've been looking for in the area. I almost don't want to sing its praises because it is at the top of my lunchtime list and I don't want to throw any elbows for a seat. But. It deserves some love, so I'll share I guess.  What's not to love about empanadas? It's the latin american equivalent of a hot pocket but instead of processed bread and mystery meat, there's no mystery and tons of flavor. RE does empanadas right with a perfectly flaky crust that serves as a sleeping bag for quality fillings of beans and cheese, potato, pork and even figs. Two is enough to fill me up at lunch, but I could probably eat more if naptime were an option afterwards. My favorite so far is the El Capitan which is a mixture of ground beef, green olives, hard cooked eggs and raisins. I know, I hate raisins too, but it works in this empanada. I also really like the bean and cheese empanada which is simple but so good. The only one I haven't cared for so far was the potato which I felt was under seasoned and just didn't work for me texture-wise.   The lunch time special is great-for $6.95 you get two empanadas (selection of which ones qualify for the lunch special changes daily) with rice and beans. It's just enough food to be satisfied without leaving that post-lunch food hangover. They also have a fantastic early week special that runs Monday and Tuesday 6P-10P of four empanadas+four beers (OR a bottle of wine) for the baller on a budget price of $20. It makes for a great happy hour, particularly on Mondays, because Mondays are just hard.  The decor is super cute and they have an enclosed patio which is a plus come summertime. The inside layout features a dining bar that stretches almost the length of the restaurant and then a handful of two and four tops. It's not the biggest space, so I imagine it can get pretty crazy during the lunch time rush which I've never witnessed because I'm always hungry by 10:30, which makes my lunchtime no later than 11:30.  If you work in the area or are just passing through downtown Mesa-definitely worth a stop!
This place is great. Right next to my job, super convenient for lunch. The lunch special is a lot of food for a good price. There are so many flavors, I can't keep track of my favorites. I just know the green sauce is amazing with all of them. And be sure to try the fig cheese & caramel dessert, ah-mazing.
Stopped in here on a Wednesday night at 7pm.  There was only one other couple there eating, we were grabbing something to go.  We ordered a couple empanadas each.    Wife had the potato empanada and the fig and cheese.  Both were really good.   I had the pernil and the chicken with mushroom. Both were good but the pernil was the best.    The green sauce they give you is really good. Has a little spice to it but it is just right.    After eating two empanadas I could use a third.  They do have a happy hour that ends at 7. Not sure what the specials are, but they do serve beer and wine.  They have a special Monday and Tuesday, $20 for 4 empanadas and 4 beers.  Must be shared with 2 people.
Finally a good empanada place ;) Favorites so far are the El capitan and jalapeño popper with ham. Also tried the Cubano and buffalo chicken along with the chicken with mushroom ;) The restaurant is small but friendly hipster type of place. They have a great beer selection.
My new favorite place. I've eaten many empanadas in my lifetime because my Puerto Rican god-grandmother has fed them to me my entire life, and I haven't had any other that even come close to comparing besides the empanadas here. The first time I came here I probably had like four or five, not even joking. It's so hard to choose just one. 10/10, would recommend to everyone. :)
Delicious  food, amazing latin American tastes. Yucca frita was amazing... reminded me of home . So good to be able to present some of my comfort foods to my friends. Definitely will go back
If the revitalization efforts  of Mesa's downtown restoration succeed, places like Republic Empanada can take a lot of the credit.   Briefly, a comfy cozy place with hip music and good solid food, albeit, mostly empanadas. The decor try's a little hard, but I applaud the effort. The light fixtures are awesome and I love the couch.
Meh, not impressed and kind of over-priced for what you get. Ordered two different empanadas and the pozole. One of the empanadas was way over done and the other was just right which was of course the one that came with beans in it which I didn't like but was recommended. The pozole was beef and reminiscent of canned beef vegetable soup. Overall expected better, but may try them again.
Yummmm! Came in today for the lunch special, which came with a choice of 2 empanadas and all three of their sides. As a vegetarian, I was delighted that their rice and beans were both veggie! I went for the cheese and potato, the potato was my favorite, so good. The cheese was a giant mozzarella stick of deliciousness. My sister ordered a bean and cheese empanada, she's a veggie too, and TWICE empanadas came out with meat in them. The employees were very apologetic and we could tell it wasn't purposefully, as if a prep cook had accidentally mixed them up, but could have been bad if my sister had actually taken a bite. But as I said, they were nice about it, and I wouldn't hold it against them.   We also ordered three.... Yes three.... Dessert empanadas! Guava and cheese is where it's at.   I'm excited to come out on a Monday or Tuesday for their special! Beer and fried goodness. Nom!
Great new gem in downtown Mesa! Light, flaky delicious empanadas. One person can have 2-3 and still have room for a dessert empanada. I had the Boricua, El Capitán and the Cubano. All equally delicious and honest to their menu descriptions. Good bottled beer selection and the restaurant was clean, tidy and modern. The service was attentive and friendly. So happy to see a good and unique restaurant in Mesa.
Busy Friday night and Republica is as loud as a junior high lunch room. It was so noisy we couldn't hear our server and I don't think she could hear us because I wound up with an order of Papas Fritas that I thought was included in the dinner special as an appetizer. They served it after we were well into the meal so we were puzzled when it showed up. They were generously seasoned with rosemary. I had a black bean salad which was large and fresh. My partner had a special that included 2 empanadas which he thought were OK. Skip the Reisling at $6 for a juice glass size and the glass was warm. We thought it was a little pricey.
My boyfriend and I came during HH so beers were a dollar off. They have a great selection of local craft beers as well as some Latin American ones.  We started with the Combo Caribe appetizer which was delicious and well worth $7. I can't decide if the yuca frita or tostones were my favorite (but that's okay because you get a generous portion of all three choices).We each ordered two empanadas.   I got the bean and cheese (classic, nothing too crazy) and the achiote (different but delicious). Both were delicious--seasoned well and nice and flaky.  My boyfriend got the jalapeño popper and the republica chicken. Both were excellent, definitely  try the popper!  All in all, 4 beers, 4 empanadas, and an appetizer for $30. Most excellent.
Food was OK. It's different than anything around so that is appetizing. I'm not a fan of ham, Green and Kalamata Olives, so that eliminates 89% of their menu for me. I tried the buffalo chicken and the cheeseburger. I'd eat the chicken one again, but the ground beef pocket I can do without.  My stars are actually for the decor, service, and beer selection.   The place would get more stars from me once they make more affordable, appetizing empanada combinations. but for someone like my dad, that likes nasty tasting olives, this may be 5 stars.  The empanadas are $3 each, but are small. good luck getting full for less than $10.
Everything is great great great! One of my favorite places!
This might be apocryphal but many in Latin America claim that God didn't rest on the 7th day, he celebrated by creating the empanada. A few visits to Republica Empanada and you will become a true believer to this sentiment.  While the place might have a serious hipster facade the owners behind the scenes are the genuine real article.  It's this type of restaurant that Yelp was made for.  Plan on making a few visits because you'll want to sample everything.
I just ate here.   It is Saturday at around 3:30 so we had to order dinner menu which was more expensive.   I had the El Capitan empanadas with the dinner option.  They were OK but not great.  My husband had the Arroz con Pollo and is average too.  I really like the ambience so I'll give it another try someday,  maybe a happy hour.  They seem to have lots of beers if you like that.
Stopped for the first time two weeks ago after seeing the menu posted at Costco of all places!  Ordered the lunch special combo with the Greek, Mushroom Chicken and a 3rd Jalapeno Popper.  First and third were very tasty -- second was good but I would try something different next time more challenging.  The décor was nice and the staff did a great job.  I'll visit again soon for lunch!
This was my first time eating an empanada.  I got the black bean and cheese and the Hawaiian. For desert, we got the Nutella and bananas (with ice cream and wipped cream of course). Delicious!! Oh, we also got the Papas Fritas. They are potato fries with house seasoning.  So so good! I highly recommend them. Can't wait to go back and try some more. I'm now an empanada fan!
This is a friendly, tasty, fried fast food joint. Fried but not greasy!!  I'm here with a group and the outside/inside choice is perfect. Everyone, even veggie lovers are happy!! The pernil empa is crispy but not greasy, with a delicious meatball of juicy pork. Also loved the plantains, rice and black beans! And the sweet empas were good too.  Dinner for $11! A real find
This place is the BOMB.COM! Go there you will not be disappointed! The straight up cheese enchiladas takes you to the streets of Chile! Soooo good!
We tried 6 different empanadas and everything was excellent! Service was good and food was awesome!  We will definitely come back. The fig cheese and caramel desert empanada was our favorite!
Costa Rica food with South American flavor. It is a small fast food set up but the food is very good.
The food was great! I tried the republica chicken, cheese, and Nutella banana. They were all wonderful, and came out really quickly. The interior was very clean and modern. All of the empanadas were $3-3.50, so they're great for even just a snack before going to the art center or museum.
Do you like empanadas, do you hate empanadas?  Well, whichever it is, you will love this place.  They have everything to spiced ground beef and veggies to Fig and Cheese empanadas.. also me not being a fan of Nutella, LOVES their Nutella Empanada !
This is fantastic. The empanada were amazing. My favorite was the cubano with pork ham cheese and pickles but the pbj and plantain and cremA were also amazing. The plantains were out of this world and the cassava with jalapeno ranch was also delightful. It was busy put not packed which was weird considering the high quality combined with reasonable prices. Beer selection was also superb. Try it!!!
This place is amazing! The staff & atmosphere were great and the food even better! I had the Pernil (seasoned pork) empanada & it was fantastic! But take my advice: though you'll be tempted to keep trying more of the deliciousness in the 'main course' or meat empanadas, pace yourself, because ALL of the sweet, dessert empanadas are equally amazing (the plantain & crema is the BEST in my opinion!). They also had a great, local beer selection! Great food, great prices & great service!
Just came in and ordered several empanada s to try. Ham and cheese  El capitan The Cuban The peril The boricua The cheese And finally a sweet empanada, the fig cheese and caramel.   My favorites in the savory category are the boricua and the fig cheese caramel was jaw droppingly amazing. The boricua is filled with rice, peas, ham and is so moist it drips with a homemade sofrito sauce.
Saw all the reviews and really wanted to go. We went for dinner on a Wednesday night and were 2 of about 5 people in the whole place. We order the special and the rice and beans were cold. The empanada were good but somewhat small. Got a beer for a dollar off which was nice. Also got two dessert empanada which were the highlight of the meal hot and good. Food was ok but not sure I would drive the 20 minutes to come back.
Headed here with the husband and a friend for the first time last night and fell in love with this place! The parking lot was a little tight to navigate, but there is plenty of street parking surrounding this location, so don't fret!  We headed in to this eclectically designed venue and opted for a high top table since all the regular tables were taken up with patrons and it was a little too hot out to enjoy the patio seating. Fortunately we made it in time to squeeze in a happy hour drink order before the 7 p.m. end - $1 off wine and beer. I hoped for Sangria, but they didn't have any, however, they said they were working on getting it in, so fingers crossed for next visit!  My husband and I both ordered the dinner platter since it came with maduros, rice, black beans and salad, along with the choice of 2 empanadas. We had the El Capitan, Pernil, Chicken Republica, and Boricua - then we cut each in half and shared them between each other, so we both got to try 4 varieties! The maduros were delicious and cooked perfectly.  I would be hard pressed to pick a favorite between the 4 empanadas we tried, I'd order them all again in a heart beat.   When we walked in we noted that they had dessert empanadas, and knew that this just had to happen, so we "saved room" for them (read as attempted to save room, really didn't have room, but ordered them anyways, cause...dessert.)  We had the King and the Fig.  I would probably say I preferred the fig over the King, but both were great!    Overall: A A smaller restaurant (max seating of 49 people) that gives off an intimate artsy vibe with great food and nice staff! Happy hour from 3-7 daily!
Just came for the first time and I am beyond satisfied. Everything was amazing and at reasonable prices. The Greek empanada and the Fig, cheese, caramel are the best tasting empanadas I have ever had and I am Puerto Rican, I've eaten many empanadas in my time. Service was great and the place is very clean. Even met the owner who was nice and attentive.   This is must try! We are definitely coming back.
A real hidden treasure awaits you in this downtown location and it's worth the trip from anyplace in metro Phoenix. They really got a grip on Empanadas!!  Give this place a try you will be pleasantly treated!
Great beer choice ( though not draft) and the food is EXCELLENT. The fig and cheese dessert Empanada was a perfect, sweet and savory finish. Mondays and Tuesdays you can get 4 empanadas and four beers ( or a bottle of wine) for $20 (2 People min.) I highly recommend this chic, little hole in the wall joint.
The fig carmel empanada is worth the trip on it's own. Also really liked the rest. Definitely going back again.
Amazing all the time! Everything is really freaking good and I've tried half the empanadas on the menu. They are small so get 2 or 3. The gallo pinto brings me back to Costa Rica. The coconut porter was also a pleasant surprise. It has a trendy feel but still mom n pop. I like to think of it as a Costa Rican Cornish Pasty with way fewer hipsters, and no draft beer.
Very rarely do I give a 5 however these empanadas are amazing, at least the ones I ordered! I had the jalapeño popper, la boricua, fig cheese and caramel, Nutella and banana and Cubana.  Very friendly staff.  Fast service and VERY affordable.  I would have gotten 1 of each if I could.  Great selections.
My friend and I were hungry last night but didn't know what we wanted or where to go so we pulled up Yelp. Yep, we found this place because we like new places that are off the beaten path. We were not disappointed!!  The atmosphere is inviting, the service is personal and the food is AMAZING!! Simple ingredients done right!! Definitely going back!
All I can say is OHH MYYYY! Took one bite and was in heaven. I think I gained 5 lbs today, but worth it. I had the lunch special since I could not decide what to do...come with beans, rice and cabbage salad. The cashier was very friendly and helpful. Everyone there is very friendly. Nice people Good food. The lunch special comes with two choices. I had the chicken and mushroom (very good) and the el capitan which was very flavorful. Both were excellent.  So I had to have desert.... banana and nutella... this was out of this world.  I will be back to gain some more lbs.
I wanted to like this place more.  Perhaps my experience with home made empanadas from a variety of sources growing up makes me more critical than the average yelper for this type of food.  We tried the fried appetizer.  It had a fried yukon, tostones (non ripe platanos) and platanos.  Having spent a few years in Puerto Rico where these are served quite commonly I would say it was okay.  I tried the chicken and beef empanadas along with a meal that included rice, beans and another forgettable side.  The filling on the empanadas was generous.  However, they seemed to lack spice and flavor.  They were actually quite bland for my taste.  The highlight of the meal was the fig and cheese empanadas.  If I go back to this restaurant it will be to enjoy this dessert again.  For the low price of the meal you really can't go wrong.  But some of the reviews claiming they serve the best empanadas are a bit over inflated in my opinion.
I have to say.... YUM!  My first time here and so much more to try!  So it's a quaint little mom and pop store. Clean and cute. There is both off the street parking and a parking lot. We were seated immediately at lunch hour on the July 4th. The waitress was attentive and did her job well.  Now for the food! I ordered Boricua which is rice, peas and pork , my daughter, not so adventurous had ham and cheese, we split an order of their homemade seasoned  fries that had a yummy green sauce. I also ordered the fig empanada. If I only go back there again  for one thing it would be for that fig empanada! I really liked the Boricua the pork was amazing. I can't wait to go back and try more!
Why are you on YELP reading about this place and NOT eating here? Holy balls, this place is amazzzzzing. I have single-handedly converted a small army of people to adoring this place. Really, it's all fab, except for the Buffalo Empanada. The ham and cheese is fabulous, the black bean salad to die for, the fig and cheese empanada my BFF. Plus, BOTH my kids eat whatever the get here. Go here now.
Delicious! Went for lunch and they had an awesome lunch special; 2 empanadas, cabbage salad, rice and beans.  The service was very welcoming, I felt like I walked into a friends home, it was very clean, and had 2 large screen TV's. The food was absolutely delicious. We got 4 different empanadas ALL were yummy!!!  We will be back and I highly suggest your check it out too.
Arrived around 5 for dinner and the restaurant was entirely empty. This was nice as we had great service and the entire menu was explained to us by our waiter. He suggested the combo app platter that had tostonies, fried plantains, yucca & two dipping sauces which was a jalapeno ranch and regular ranch. This was good but did fill you up pretty quick. He recommended the dinner combo... OK portions are huge. Could have skipped the app combo. Dinner special was 2 empanadas of your choice. They have about 10 different varieties. Also on the plate was rice, black beans and some more fried plantains. I would have opted for the dinner special. You can order the empanadas individually which run around $3 each, they also serve 4 different tortas with the same fillings they use for the tasty empanadas. Place was very clean on the inside. As we where seated a couple was leaving. They decided to move outside by the main entrance and proceeded to smoke. The smell of smoke did fill up the dinning room and the owner asked the patrons nicely to move away from the door which they graciously did. The food was very good and the service was excellent. Prices pretty decent as well. Dinner special ran $11 and well worth every penny.
Republica Emanada is sooooo yummy. The Pernil, the Cubana, the Achiote Potato- they're all delicious. And don't get me started on the Fig Cheese and Caramel. I'm still dreaming about it's gooey deliciousness.  The only thing I've had that I didn't love was the appetizer combo with plantains and yucca fries. It was okay, but not particularly flavorful.   Definitely check this place out, but skip the appetizer and order an extra dessert!
Great service, reasonable prices , and an excellent variety of Spanish dishes. I also enjoyed the local beer selection. There's a couple of delicious vegetarian options (not your ordinary salad and veggie burger options either).  I am anxious to go back again.
Love this place! The coconut porter was really good and the yucca fries were amazing! I had the chicken empanada and my husband had the beef and the mushroom and chicken and everything was divine. The sauces are all great compliments to the food. I have actually been to South America and I know authentic empanadas. We will definitely be returning! Also the caramel fig empanada is amazing!!!!
I had two of their empanadas and my wife and 2 others so I was able to taste 4 of them. They were all awesome! I don't have a favorite. I can see me getting different ones for my different moods but they will be perfect.   We also shared plantain chips. Yum! I haven't had plantain since our honeymoon cruise in the Caribbean and these did not disappoint. Probably better.  They also had some very tasty salsa-verde. Yum!  Note: I was also very impressed with clean, hip atmosphere. The large HD TV's playing "Back to the Future" was an added bonus.
Every one we tried was delish.  I am pretty picky about empanadas because I used to live in Venezuela where they are on every corner and better than any I have had here.  They had green sauce that was legit like the Venezuelan street vendors which I haven't seen since I left.  It went well with the chicken, the rest are very fusion type empanadas but I liked that there were traditional and empanadas like the Nutella banana.  Great mix of new and old and so yummy
I live very close to this place, and I would order a lunch special on a weekly if not daily basis simply because their food is top-notch in terms of flavor and freshness; however, I rarely eat there because the prices are not reasonable in terms of food portions. What's more is the lack of business savvy that would draw more customers like myself. I appreciate it when businesses reward frequent/ loyal customers. I have rewards cards at all my favorite restaurants and stamp/ punch-out cards stuffed in my car to everywhere else. Republica Empanada needs to get on that stat! I would also visit more often if they had a set rotation to the items included on their daily lunch specials as I do not enjoy every single empanada recipe. I'm sorry, I'm not a fan of every one of them, and they shouldn't expect ALL of their customers to love everything on their menu. That is called the earning power of a varied menu, hullo?! I've learned to call ahead of time and ask if my favorites are included in the day's lunch special, and I'll just get food elsewhere if I hear that they're not. Again, for my budget, those little (but tasty) empanadas are just not worth the money at full-price hence the reason why I only go for lunch specials. It's great food. The owner has talked to me on most occasions when I visit. Great atmosphere. They would get five stars from me if their specials and business strategies were more customer-friendly. And I have mentioned ALL of this to the owner to which he simply nodded and gave a polite smile. Nothing more. I've warned all my friends. I think, in this social media age, every happy customer counts, but this owner doesn't seem to fully grasp that crucial fact.
You can taste the love in the food.  A unique place, no other like it!
Friendly, fast and delicious. I'm a fan and will definitely be back. The menu has a range of options for carnivores and vegetarians. Vegans may have a harder time but it's workable. The arepas for lunch were terrific and I heard a customer at the neighboring table complimenting the salad dressing. You order at the counter and they will call your number when it's ready.
Hey ya'll! There's a new restaurant on E. Wash and it's the first Venezuelan restaurant in Madison! Although Venezuelan cuisine bears some similarities to Mexican food, it's also distinctively different. Instead of salsa, they have a sauce called guasacaca, which I think is cilantro-based but tastes nothing like cilantro. It's slightly creamy and garlicky. They also have a spicy and really spicy version of that. Yucca is the potato of Latin America and you can order yucca fries under appetizers. I ordered the 3 taco plate (which is really just 3 tacos, for $5.99). One shredded chicken, one shredded beef, and one pernil (roast pork). Unfortunately, I got them to go and could not determine which was which, but two of them were good and one of them was excellent.  After conferring with my bf, who ate half of them, we have come to the conclusion that it was probably the pernil that was the best. The tacos came on double corn tortillas which were soft and tasted fresh, and were topped with cilantro and chopped onion, Mexico City style. They also offer freshly made tamarind and passion fruit juice (freshly squeezed, yo). And sugarcane lemonade. Do it. We may have to return to conduct a more thorough investigation of their menu. They have some lunch specials on Mon-Fri, 11-2pm which look like pretty good deals (see menu on website). There are some empanadas and arepas (kind of like savory turnovers).  If you are into spicy food, you'll love their guasacaca. If you're not into spicy foods, they've got stuff here for you too. Get over to La Taguara ASAP!
Excellent real Venezuelan food. I say this as a Venezuelan native. I will be coming back for sure! Really enjoy the Pabellón and Mojo! Get the Parchita juice if you like like passion fruit, it is delicious here.   Very welcoming, friendly staff.
Checked out the new Venezuelan place tonight. Super authentic. Moderate pricing. We tried the pabellon and the mojito en coco. The first is the national dish and the second was a fish dish. The national dish was great but not super exciting but all the accompaniments were great. The fish was ok with great sides but I wish it was t mashed up so much. There is a lot of other promising looking dishes. The arepas are super. We had a chicken and beef empanada and the chicken was better.
I went for lunch. The arepas were delicious. The staff is super friendly and nice. The food is affordable and pretty authentic. They have really spruced up the place since Dimitris.
I randomly drove by this place and had to check it out. When my friend and I arrived, one of the owners took his time answering all of our questions, as we wanted to make the best out of our first time. He was patient and detailed and super friendly.  We ordered an arepa, which we enjoyed as it was yummy and not greasy and oily. We also had the bandejita paisa, which was a great idea for a variety of choices. A lot of different flavors in one dish--awesome And the homemade spicy salsa was AMAZING.   The owner even took time to talk about his culture, his history and background for opening the shop, and was just very welcoming all around. I felt like I was invited into his home and not just another restaurant. He even ran to the counter to say bye to us when we left. I loved it!  I work just down the street, so definitely going back with my colleagues!!
Excellent!  The owner has cleaned up the old Dmitiri's space and made it his own.  Order from the counter and relax while amazing, homestyle Venezuelan food is prepared.  I'm somewhat new to Venezuelan, but it seems to be similar to other Caribbean/Central American and not as hot-forward spicy as Mexican can be:  homestyle plates of meat/beans/rice, with sides of fried plantains and the ever-present arepas, empanadas, and pastels.  And all of it is wonderful.    We tried the Pabellon, an arepa, and an empanada.  The Pabellon is, according to the menu, the national dish of Venezuela, consists of a giant plate of shredded beef seasoned with garlic and not-hot peppers, cilantro rice, three slices of fried plantain, a small arepa, and a portion of black beans with a refried consistency and topped with a white cheese.  The arepa, which comes as a side with the Pabellon and other dishes, can also be stuffed and made into a sandwich.  We had one stuffed with ham, and it was delicious.  It is deep fried, like many items on the menu, but not at all greasy.  The outside comes out crisp while the inside is a nice, moist texture.  We also tried an empanada, which also comes filled with your choice of meat, and is deep fried.  The empanada and arepa are also served with guasacaca, which sounds somewhat foreboding but is actually a garlicky sauce made with green peppers and avocado and tastes great.   I'll definitely be going back!
Welcome to the Bolivarian Republic of awesome.   For someone who took 8 years of Spanish between 7th grade and college, I knew embarrassingly little about Venezuela. So how did I learn a little more? How else but to order the pabellon, Venezuela's national dish? With the first bite of juicy, seasoned, roasted shredded beef, I am transported to Caracas and arrive on the beach, drinking a native Polar Beer. Gnawing that beef down with rice and black beans and fried plantain slices and an arepa (a crispy, doughy puff of heaven) and a couple empanadas, my Venezuelan journey is complete, and it cost less than $25.   The space is spotless, the service friendly beyond belief, and the rest of the menu is begging for me to sample it. I cannot wait to go back.
I ate at La Taguara last night with my guy. We both loved it!  It is conveniently located on East Washington Ave. You enter their parking lot on Wright St.  The owner did a wonderful job decorating the restaurant. He clearly is proud of his Venezuelan roots. I enjoyed the streaming pictures of Venezuela on the TV monitors.  You order at the counter and they bring you the food. A lovely young woman stepped out from behind the counter and carefully described to us our options. She clearly had an emotional stake in the business doing well. She wasn't just going through the motions. She is a family friend of the owner. We were told that none of the dishes are spicy but they have a mild and hot sauce available on request.  We chose their two most popular dishes. "Pabellon"; black beans, rice, shredded beef, plantains and some cheese. The cheese is dry and crumbled. The dish is not cheesy which I really appreciated. The beef was moist and ever so flavorful. The rice was fluffy and everything had distinct flavors. It was truly delicious. next time I will go alone and try it with  pork which my guy does not eat.  The second dish contained my favorite component of both dishes, a sweet corn pancake. We paired it with shredded chicken. The pancake was "to die for". Sweet, a little crispy with a small amount of cheese which only enhanced the texture  of the pancake. This meal was served with a cilantro and garlic sauce. on the side. The name of the dish is Cachapa con Queso y Cochina Frito.  Each element stands on its on. Food is not piled together so you can truly taste the textures and flavors of each component. The restaurant is spotless, service friendly, waitstaff helpful and the prices were reasonable for the food you received. Our two dishes cost $25. I had a Mexican beer and my guy had passion fruit juice which was yummy.  Great for takeout. Go there in winter to warm your soul.
The food is delicious and the people working there are very nice. You have a chance to try authentic Venezuelan-Colombian dishes that are freshly cook. I will go there again and again.
This is my new go-to spot for spicy food. A smattering of their mild sauce with a spoonful of food is spicier than any other restaurant I've found so far. Their hot sauce is some of the spiciest stuff I've had, anywhere.   They don't give you much, because they expect you to spread a bit on your whole dish, but they'll give you as much as you want if you ask, and it's amazing.
A big nod to mojo to en coco. I may have found new foreign cuisine love. I never had Venezuelan dishes before. It turns out, they are down right delicious. And the hit sauce is down right hot and delicious.   At first my novio and I were stuck at the counter. We are both vegetarians, so it was difficult to make entree selections. But the family behind the counter was very helpful for giving us the right substitution and guiding through the menu. They are such nice people!! Wouldn't you love talking to the owners who are enthusiastic about introducing their culture?   Whatever you order, don't forget the two things: tamarindo + hot sauce = happiness.
My trip here was completely accidental as I thought it was still a sub-par gyro shop and never even bothered to look it's way! I'm definitely happy I did though. The staff was extremely friendly, the menu was interesting and very unique for Madison, and most importantly - the food was ridiculously good.   I ordered the sweet corn pancake stuffed with homemade cheese and a side of yucca fries. It was served with two sauces and a pile of fried pork. This was easily enough food to feed 2 people but somehow I managed to choke down every last bite.  The yucca fries were crisp and flavorful and the sauces paired with them perfectly. The sweet corn pancake was absolutely unlike anything I had tried before and I could have easily gone for seconds. I wasn't in love with the pork, but not because it wasn't tasty, I just wasn't feeling it that day.   Overall, the meal was just incredibly satisfying, packed with flavor, and felt every bit as fresh and from scratch as they claimed it was.    This is one of those restaurants where I will definitely be returning to try more items on the menu. The only downside is that it is a bit pricey, but if I remember correctly they had decent lunch deals posted.   This may be my favorite new Madison restaurant!
Visited based on other Yelpers.  Thank you people!!!!   I loved that the owner explained the dishes to me.  Made me want to try them all!  I am in town for one more night and will go back.  The fresh passion fruit juice was wonderful and I also thought the tamarind juice was great.  Tough decision.  Had the national dish of Venezuela.  Black beans, rice and beef.  Perfect comfort food on a cold November day.  Also tried the fried yucca.  Wonderful!!! Prices were so reasonable and portions are huge!
Honestly, I was not that enthusiast when my friends were suggesting this place for a farewell dinner for two friends leaving the States for good.  Arriving at around 7 PM, this restaurant was empty and was still empty until we were done with our dinner. Don't get me wrong- the food is GOOD. My hubby and I ordered Yuca for the appetizer and we got to try the fried plantain and both are equally good. For us, it's like reuniting with our Indonesian taste, as we have the exact same dishes of Yuca, which is actually cassava. The way they serve it is the same way like we have back home.  We also had empanadas and pastellino. The empanadas were okay, but not the best.  Our friends had Pabbellon, which came a jumbo version. It can be shared with two to three people, in fact. And they all liked it! Overall, this place serves a good selection of food and I'm sure I'll be back for their Yuca Fritta!
Love this place. I am familiar with Venezuelan cuisine from having studied abroad and returning again afterward, so I was thrilled to give it a try when La Taguara opened. Now that I have been there a few times I can say it will not let you down.   Authentic cuisine, delicious, reasonable prices, very friendly staff and the owner seems to always be there. A few days ago my family and I went to try out their traditional Christmas fare, and was not dissapointed. Even with the higher prices for the seasonal plates, 4 of us ate until we were completely stuffed to the gills, for about $75 including several drinks.    My favorites so far-  Cachapas, pabellon, empanadas, and of course the seasonally available Hallacas. Mmmm, navidad!  Service is counter-style. Walk up, peruse the menu and ask questions of the friendly service staff at the counter. Place your order, pay, and have a seat. The food is then brought out to your table.  In the questionaire below, it asks if this location has a TV.  I am going to answer yes because they do have 2 TVs, but they are (always?) playing a sort of Venezuelan slide-show. I like it, really. But I do not know if they occasionally show anything else on that or if it is even hooked up to cable.   My only regret is that I cannot order from La Taguara for delivery, and it's location is not exactly on the walking-around-Madison path. Please go try this wonderful little place!
Glad to say that this is an authentic South American restaurant. I had the Bandeja Paisa which was very similar to something I would find at a Colombian restaurant by the north side of Chicago (which is a good thing). The chorizo was flavorful, beans were great, and the meat was well seasoned. I also had a side salad with their house passion fruit dressing and that was delicious as well. My partner ordered the bistec encebollado, and that dish brought me memories of my grandmother's cooking. The empanadas were not my favorite. I am used to a crispier and harder shell. This restaurant offered a doughier empanada.  I was also not fond of the passion fruit juice, it was overwhelmingly sweet. However, all in all the main food components are delicious! I cannot wait to go back.
After having lived in South America and Central America and returning home to Madison, this place is our new favorite restaurant. The food is delicious and the owner is very friendly. We ordered the pabellon, Tequeños de Guayaba y Queso, and Papelon con Limon. Pabellon was delicious--black beans were very well seasoned, as was the meat. Tequenos de Guayaba y Queso tasted like funnel cakes, stuffed with ricotta cheese, and yummy fruit jelly. They were wonderful too. The lemonade was also refreshing.  Having eaten a lot of good food while living/traveling in Latin America, we are picky when it comes to good Latin American food. We are so happy that La Taguara is around.
Amazingly good food. I cant say that I am an expert on Venezuelan food but I am definitely a fan now. We had passed by this place on the way between work and hotel and decided to look it up here on yelp and saw the positive reviews and decided to give it a try. I can say we will definitely be back regularly. There were three of us and all of the orders looked more delicious than the others and everyone was completely happy with what they tried. I look forward to exploring the menu in the coming weeks and months.
Best Venezuelan food I have tried in a while.  A lot of different things on the menu to try even if you are a vegetarian. The service is good and the owner was there very friendly! I'll go back soon
WONDERFUL food! Flavorful, great portions, and friendly staff. The beef empanadas and #1 was the best. They were offering a Christmas special that looked amazing - I'll be back to try it!
We've been here twice now, and both times have been fantastic! The staff is sooooo friendly and helpful - explaining everything, and giving suggestions. The fried yucca is out of this world...we will order it every single time we go there, for sure. Very difficult for the hubby to decide if he likes the pork or beef better, so will likely always order an arepa of each. I have had the fried fish (YUM), and this last time tried their vegetarian arepa - somehow they have made eggplant to resemble pulled pork. The flavor and texture were sooooo good. Cheese empanada was quite tasty as well (and quite chzy!!). Tamarind and passion fruit juices are both delicious. We will be back again and again and again.
Located along East Washington, almost by the East Towne Mall, lies this unassuming little shop in the strip mall. Sadly, it was very quiet when we visited for weekend dinner. However, this might be a great place for large group outings, as we did with 8 people. Also, you can make reservations ahead of time. Cheap food, large and spacious, delicious tidings - great for a large gathering! Also, they have parking in the strip mall, so no worries about parking!  There is no waiter service and seems more like a take-out style manner; you head to the counter and make your order, and head back there to collect your food when it's ready.   Food: Fried plaintains - very good and savory. Fried yucca - not my favorite. It was kind of fibrous... Bandeja Paisa - had several kinds of pork. As a pork lover, this is obviously my choice. I loved the fried pork belly! But the rest of the meat selection was kind of dry. Large enough to share with my boyfriend! Papelon con Limon - delicious drink to go with the meal. Sweet and sour sugarcane drink! Ducellitos and Nutellitos - these cute little empanadas are awesome for dessert. one per mouth and off they go!   La Taguara is a little far for me, but I will venture out to the far East to grab me some Ducellitos and Nutellitos. P.S., I tried some of my friend's #1 dish. It was awesome!! (was doubtful of the beans, but it's actually really tasty!)
Excellent food. Locally family-run.  The price is right with heap loads of food so you're not going home hungry.  The only negative is the parking lot is tiny. Give it a try!
First time for Venezuelan and not the last, this place was awesome. Great food, family friendly, and the owner is great.. You could tell he really enjoyed teaching you about his food. I had the Cachapa con Queso y Cochino Frito for 11.99 - Sweet corn pancakes filled with artisan handcrafted Venezuelan cheese, crispy pork  accompanied with nata and guasacaca. ... I'd like to try everything on the menu but this was so good it's going to be hard to order anything else.
The cachapa dish is really flavorful and loaded with food. For $12 it is pretty pricey as far as Venezuelan goes, but they really deliver a tasty portion with the pork and cachapa.   Arepas are okay-- nothing spectacular. Slightly bland, but the corn cake itself is very crisp (which is a plus for me). Fillings of pork and cheese were generous, just nothing about the flavor really stood out.  Soups were pretty good, both the beef and chicken. Empanadas are really good though, and at $6.99 for two empanadas and a soup, the lunch special is the way to go.  Really a neat ethnic restaurant in Madison-- unpretentious: order at counter, no table service, but very friendly and helpful if you do not know what to order.
Delicious Venezuelan food! My bf and I ordered the Bandeja Paisa, Tostones and the Cachapa con Queso y Cochino Frito.  Service was great. The staff helped us with our orders and made sure it was to our liking. We didn't have room for dessert, but we'll be back for more!
I went to give this place a try since it has many good reviews. I asked for two arepas (shredded beef and chicken) both meats were ok, the arepas were too thick and no flavor at all, I had them with a side of rice and black beans ( they were good). My hubby had the Pabellon and he liked it. We also tried the Tamarindo and the passion fruit juices and they were very good, being from Central America I know what they really taste natural and those juices were the real thing. I have to mention that the lady at the counter ( I am guessing she is one of the owners) was very friendly, it was our first time and she guided us through the whole menu and we really appreciated that. We would come back to try other items.
La taguara even though on a prominent street is a little hidden.  But once you find it its great.  So when we entered we were greeted by a guy, who asked us if we had ever been there. Upon hearing " No," he went on to explain the menu and it even has the favorites highlighted- very useful, and very friendly.   You order and then take a seat.   I started with the Sugar Cane juice- I was NOT a fan. It happens when you try a new cuisine, there are going to be things you do not like. It was still interesting, and you could tell well made. But that was the only thing that I did not like.  I tried tostones, a pork arepa, and a beef empanada. All delicious. Tostones- got to love fried plantains. Arepas is why you go to this place- not really available any where else. The beef empanada was not the kind I was use too it has a thicker almost bread like dough, but was still yummy.  But better than all of them was a green sauce that is served along with it- I could consume that my the gallons.   I was with others who's dishes I picked at were incredible as well, some of tastings included: friend sweet plantains ( yum), crispy pork belly ( salty in a good way), and re fried beans ( best I have had).   Overall I would go back there more often- if it was not such a haul for me living west of the capital. Its definitely worth one trip though.
I'd never had Venezuelan food until recently, and I have to say it was a pleasant surprise. The dishes here have some interesting, unique flavors and the staff is very helpful and informative when it comes to choosing something off the menu. To start I ordered the tostones, which are fried plantains served with a guasacaca sauce. The guasacaca sauce is awesome, I love the garlicky flavor. My entrée was the  Bandeja Paisa dish since it seems to be one of the more popular choices. It consists of steak,  pork belly,  chorizo, sunny side up egg, plantain and rice, pinto beans and avocado. It's also served with this little fried corn masa; that was one of my favorite components of the dish. On my next visit I had an arepa stuffed with pernil, a pork roast, that was very satisfying. I also ordered a lemonade the first time I went but was given a tamarind juice. I didn't say anything only because I ended up really liking the tamarind flavor. I would like to go here during the lunch specials as the prices seem very decent.
My husband and I had dinner here for the first time this evening. We decided we needed to try someplace neither of us had ever been and saw this was well-reviewed. The outside of the building is easy to miss, but inside it is clean and bright.  As it was our first trip, we took the helpful suggestions provided at the counter. We got tequenos (kind of like mozzarella sticks) to start. They were good and the green onion sauce was a hit with my husband.  For entrees we had the pabellon and cachapa con queso y cochino frito. The pabellon was good, shredded beef on a layer of perfectly cooked rice. The side of sweet plantains were wonderful as were the black beans. The cachapa was really fantastic though. The sweet, crispy corn pancake filled with cheese was amazing. The guasacaca (bright green cilantro sauce) was the best part, in my opinion.   We're looking forward to going again soon. I'll get my own papelon con limon (sugar cane juice) next time and definitely try out some other dishes.   Our total bill (2 large entrees, an appetizer, 2 beverages) was just shy of $40.
What a find!  Stopped by on road trip from Atl. to Mpls. Great arapas.  And soup too.
Been here twice within a week. This is my new favorite place. If you ask for the owner's recommendation, he will tell you about the two most popular dishes. Both are incredible, but the second choice is what I urge you to choose. It is absolutely sublime. Viva La Taguara.
I visited La Taguara because I love arepas and I was well pleased with the options I had there. I ordered two, one black bean and one shredded eggplant. The black bean option was a messy, delicious, classic. The shredded eggplant was an unknown to me when I ordered it and it turned out to be amazing. The eggplant was treated similar to pulled pork and was bursting with savory, flavorful sauce.  I sampled the pancake part of the cachapa con queso and it was amazing. It was much sweeter and more corn-flavored than the arepa dough, and I'm tempted to order a cachapa with black beans or eggplant in the future to see if they would do it. That's not to say the arepa dough wasn't awesome too, just different.   We also sampled the juices, and though I'm not a big juice drinker, I'd definitely go for the passion fruit or tamarind if you are. The tostones were decent, but in the future I'd probably skip them to save room for arepas.   The main downside: the atmosphere is essentially that of a fast food chain. This is perhaps good, as it's embarrassing to drip sauces down your chin, hands, and fingers at a finer dining establishment (and with arepas, you will), but I'd love to see the harsh, commercial edges softened in favor of warmer, more welcoming furnishings and decor. The service is very friendly and welcoming; I hope someday the atmosphere is as well!
This place is amazing! Went with a big group and we all got something different so I got to taste many dishes. Everything was delicious.  The owner is so nice, informative,and passionate about his food! Can't wait to come back!
Excellent first experience here on Friday, April 25, 2014. Our friends, Paul & Sallie, suggested we give this place a try before heading to a show at Kiki's House of Righteous Music, and boy am I glad we went!  - Smallish parking lot - Interior has "cafeteria" feel to it - hard chairs, plain tables, very bright + Super friendly and helpful staff - very personable and offered great suggestions  + Menu posted on wall above order/cashier area + Printed menus available + GREAT selection of Mexican, Central American, and South American beers - wow!  + The food. AMAZING. Clearly all house-made, fresh, and absolutely delightful. + Rompe Colchon - essentially shrimp ceviche with fried plantain chips and a wonderful pico de gallo. I could've eaten an entire bathtub full of this stuff. + and - Bandejita Paisa - a massive overall platter of assorted meats, along with rice, an over easy egg, avocado, and beans. The meats were a bit meager in portion, although SUPER tasty and flavorful. The steak was very thin, and about the diameter of a piece of bologna. The chorizo was about the size of a quarter of a standard brat. The french-cut fried pork belly piece was maybe the size of a Fritos Scoop chip. The thick plantains were wonderfully seasoned; the copious amount beans were delicious; the huge pile of rice made for a nice bed for the over easy egg.  + Accepts credit cards   I can't wait to return. We also sampled some of our friend's meals, and each was better than the other. Just superb. Go. Go now.
There food was delicious. I got the corn pancakes with cheese in the middle and fried pork on the side. My dad ordered the plantains with shrimp on the side. Both were very excellent and the girl working the counter was very patient with us. Lovely service!
Found this place on Yelp and was not dissapointed. Dining area is small but very clean. Personal was friendly and my food came out pretty fast. I ordered Pabellon and this dish was really good. It is a lot of food on 1 plate. Meat was perfectly cooked. I will be back to try some more items on the menu.
I had never been here, but decided to give it a try based on Yelp reviews. Friendly and fast service, seemed like a family place.   Nice cafe style dining room was simple, yet inviting.  Had the pabello, which was I was told was the number one seller.  This entree was excellent.   Portion was quite large (but so am I and did not have much for lunch), but was well presented.   The beans were well seasoned, rice was perfect, the beef was some of the best I have had.  Topped with semi-sweet plantains:  better than formal desert.  Give it a try!
I am Venezuelan and I am just visiting Madison from Miami. I stopped by to see if this was any original Venezuelan food and out of sheer curiosity and I can tell you this was delicious and fresh ! Very legit and big portions I was so happy to eat some of my home food in Wisconsin. 10 out of 10 will come back. Try the mojito which is fish done in a coconut sauce shredded up trust me you will be amazed at how delicious the is !
Went back and had the bistec encebollado. Super delicious. Loved the beans and rice most of all. I still really liked the passion fruit dressing as well. It would be appreciated if they organized a wait staff. I'm not too fond of the "ordering at the counter" method and helping yourself to everything. I like to enjoy my dinner and not having to get up several times to get things that I forget I need (utensils, napkins, refills, etc.)
This is an order at the counter restaurant.   The food is high quality and so are the drinks, which they make in-house (passion fruit juice, tamarindo, etc.)  Get the churros for dessert, which dulce de leche and chocolate sauce dipping.   Diddo on what others were raving about, too.   East Washington on this side of town needs more restaurants like this!
After my recent visit to La Tagura, I am tempted to change their Yelp category to Soul Food.  While it doesn't fit the strict culinary definition of soul food, the food served here truly satisfies the soul of those who consume it.  And with each flavor-filled bite, it's obvious that the kitchen is putting their heart and soul into each dish they prepare.  I appreciate how the restaurant extracted so much flavor from the food despite working with the simplest of ingredients.  If you appreciate this style of cooking, it worth making the trip to Madison's north side.    The restaurant is a bare bones operation; don't expect pictures of the interior to show up in the next issue of Martha Stewart Living.  The interior is small with clean golden yellow walls, decorated with various Venezuelan knick-knacks.  A muted flat screen mounted on the wall shows a looping slideshow of pictures from Venezuela.  The standard issue table and chairs and the drop ceiling also fit right into the basic diner décor theme.    You order at the counter and they call out your number when your food is ready.  The owner asked us if we had eaten at La Taguara before.  When we said we had not, he enthusiastically provided us with a guided tour of the menu.  He pointed out the most popular items on the menu and deftly explained the differences between arepas, empanadas and pastelitos.     I decided to go with the pernil (roasted pork) arepa lunch special ($7.99), which included a choice of soup or salad.  The soup option I selection, the sancocho, was a combination of vegetables, beef and chicken in a delightfully flavorful broth and helped awaken my taste buds for the rest of my meal.  The arepa is a Venezuelan version of the pita sandwich.  The pocket bread is made from a white corn meal fried on the grilled behind the front counter.  While the exterior was not crispy, it still provided a pleasant textural contrast with the shredded pork interior.  Like the soup, the pork was expertly prepared, fork-tender and well seasoned.  It was a wee bit dry but that was quickly remedied by added the tantalizing guasacaca sauce to the sandwich.  If you have never tried this staggeringly tasty combination of avocado, fresh parsley and coriander, green bell pepper, onion, garlic, salt, oil and vinegar, get off your hindquarters and make a beeline to La Taguara.  It alone is worthy of a pilgrimage to this north side eatery.  My dining companion, who grew up in Bolivia, was equally impressed with his order of Pabellon (black beans, white cheese, shredded beef, rice and deep fried sweet plantain and an arepa).  I am not alone in my enthusiasm for the food at La Taguara.  There was a steady flow of customers streaming through the restaurant on a Tuesday lunch service.  Do yourself a favor and join them.
Bad first experience here.  I am learning Spanish in school, and I was on assignment to set out to eat some good food from an authentic place. I brought the bf.  One small family ahead of me. Everyone is speaking Spanish and that's OK--because I can get through while ordering food without having to speak any English.  The woman behind the counter was pleasant enough. She repeated the order and it was clear the bf and I wanted two deserts, which had to be paid for first (man, I saw it coming, sigh). I am not a fan of places where you pay before you order, including tip. Two entrees, and two desserts with tip was almost fifty bux. We gave you a large tip thinking maybe that would proactively help when it came to service.   Still, just the bf and I and a group of 4 or 5 at another table. It didn't help the wife was giving us the stink eye. While the people working there made us feel like we belonged the other patrons did the opposite. I ordered what Steve L did. I didn't think it was that good.   At any rate, our deserts were forgotten and people seemed to disappear while cleaning. Half an hour after eating and nothing. I had to go over and try to find someone.  Bad service and mediocre food that was highly overpriced. NO one was there! What was the problem? I can make rice and beans with shredded meat with a hard boiled egg on top at home and remember to make myself dessert too. Super disappointed. I had high hopes.
Delicious!  With kids away at camp, we were able to get out on a Friday night.  This place hit the spot.  A number of cars in the lots, but plenty of seating in the small dining area.  Walked right up to the cjnter and we like others were asked if ever been before.  the hostess then walked us through the menu.  We ordered their top dish, pabellon and a pabellon a caballo.  Anndd delicious.  Enjoyed with a Polar beer and as we were finishing up the place was nearly full.  A great casual meal.  We will return to explore the rest of the menu.
We stopped by here after looking for something close as we were just outside of the Capitol region.  This is a very good place that I would return to at anytime.  There is a small parking lot in front but you can't make a direct left turn in or left turn out when you leave.  They asked us if we had come here before and when we admitted we hadn't, the young lady hostess explained the main things people order and different we combinations that are complementary rather than repeating the same things.  Someone else had ordered the pabellon and the cachapa, so the staff person showed us what it was.  We went with the pabellon (without egg) along with an arepa.  We chose the potato chicken salad with avocado rather than the shredded beef or black beans since it was already a part of the pabellon.  They also checked to see if we were really hungry since the pabello tends to be big.    Since it wasn't that busy they told us that they would either call our number to pick up at the counter or they would bring it to our table.  Well, ours came to the table and the plate was pretty heavy since she spilled a few drops of the beans.  The pabellon was filled all the way to the side with black beans, white rice, corn cake, 3 sliced deep fried plantains, and a good portion of the shredded beef.  The server was also nice enough to ask if we wanted an extra plate since we were pretty obvious about sharing our meal.    The arepa was pretty well stuffed with the potato chicken salad which also contained boiled carrots.  The corn cake was well toasted to give it good texture and hold up the filling.  The guasacaca sauce has plenty of cilantro, which I definitely like.  I went up to get some of the passion fruit juice as well since it was a fitting complement to the meal.  It was quite sweet so I had to water it down with plenty of ice.  Overall, the place is very welcoming for first time visitors and will make you want to come back soon!
I have 4 words:  You must eat here!!!!!!!! Seriously! And for so many reasons.  The Venezuelan husband and wife team who own/run La Taguara are just too fantastic to even be believed - warm, genuine, helpful, hospitable and man alive, can they create beautiful food. Everything was so authentic and they are truly trying to educate people on the food of their culture & share some of their passion for it.  We started with the Queso Frito (fried cheese) appetizer. It was so incredible I wished we'd ordered 2. They make the cheese by hand in-house. It's insane!!!!!!!! Trust me, order it. Early & often. You'll be so happy you did. We got to sample their 3 flavors of juices and we very much look forward to ordering the passion fruit blend sometime. Crazy flavorful & just the right about of tart.    My husband had the Pabellon a Caballo and he loved everything about it, especially the pork as it was so flavorful & tender. I had the Bandejita Paisa. It was delicious! And I have to say, I was so surprised that I enjoyed the plantains so much. The pork belly was crisp & flavorful. I stuffed the arepa with a slice of seasoned beef, avocado and rice.  There was no room for dessert. But we'll be back again. And again. And again.
I have to say this Colombian spot located on the southwestern corner of Sahara/Torrey Pines Dr, carries one of the most unique flavors in Colombian appetizers. I would strongly recommend #6 Patacon de Carne desmechada! You can't go wrong with it, and comes along with a very humble friendly staff! Enjoy!
Food is amazing!!! Typical Colombian Arepas and much more!! I highly recommend it, can't wait to come back!!
I have never had an arepa before. And now, I am a big fan, we especially like the cilantro sauce served with it. The vegan arepa with the plantain and avocado is worth going to find this truck. Prices are good, the people are nice and we are happy they have such a lovely vegan option.
Arepa Xpress is the only place in Vegas to get your fix of so many great Colombian treats!  I strongly recommend the Colombian style hot dogs, definitely a must! The best hot dog you've ever tried, I promise! It's colombian fast food at its best. U can even call in or text your orders ahead of time so they can have them ready for u. And now with the cold weather upon us they will bring the orders out to ur car, can't beat that!
Authentic Colombian food and it tasted amazing as well! Don't let the little truck fool you! Highly recommend it! Will definitely be coming back. Had the salchicha (hot dog) and it was perfect!
Great and easy place to stop for a bite right on my way home from work down W Sahara. It was my first introduction to Colombian food and now I try to go once a week! Really friendly and helpful staff; they make you feel like family. If you're a first timer, they'll explain the different items and make recommendations, but really, everything is delicious!
First time here. I bought a Groupon and thought it sounded good. It was fantastic. We had the Chili Relleno stuffed with shrimp, scallops and tilapia. We were saying wow all the way through it. It came with two generous side dishes. We chose the green chili and bacon hush puppies. I could have eaten a whole plate of just these things. They were sooooo good. Our second side was the Mac and cheese. Yum!  We also indulged on the Spicy Margaritas with the jalapeño infused tequila. I've had a lot of margaritas and I have to say this was by far the best. I had a half spicy/half regular. I was worried I couldn't handle the whole spice. I loved  the tingly feeling it created in my mouth. Great experience. I actually bought two Groupons for this place and I'm glad I did. Now we have an excuse to go back. Not that we needed that excuse. We'll definitely go back!
We had dinner at Fuego Del Mar on a Monday evening. We had a groupon for Fuego Tacos worth $10 off, and the manager honored the groupon and gave us $30 off our meal to make up for the difference in cost on the menu.   The atmosphere was calm. Low lighting, a small space, and not busy the night we went. The food was very fresh. I got the Enchiladas Del Mar, which were excellent. The sauce did not overwhelm the flavors of the seafood. I also got the pineapple cole slaw which was a little bland but also had some spice to it, and the hush puppies which were brilliant. My boyfriend got the Ahi Tune Steak, which we both loved. Again, the sauce was minimal so it allowed the flavor of the fish to shine. He also got the hush puppies and chipotle mac & cheese, which is basic but has some spice and bacon in it to liven it up.  It was a bit expensive, especially since we thought we were going to eat a cheap taco dinner, but it turned out good. The staff was kind and accommodating. Overall, I would recommend this for 2-3 people (too small for large groups).
Nice ambiance. Had appetizers, they weren't that great.  Kind of small place.
Food was horrible.  Ahi tuna wasn't fresh, had been frozen tasted like fish flavored cardboard.  My wife's mahi veracruz was a few small pieces and over cooked.  Restaurant is in the Esplanade, but it looks on the inside like a cheap cafe in Mexico. Another displeased customer was venting when I believe the owner yelled from the second floor balcony "get the f....out of my restaurant".    I'd find somewhere else to eat
AMAZING!!  I have actually been here for lunch a couple times when it was called Fuego Tacos and it was really good then.  They still have the taco menu for happy hour and lunch I believe.    My gf and I went here last saturday night and it was probably one of the best restaurant experiences we have had in quite some time.  Our service was really great the waitress was very helpful and extremely nice (wish I remembered her name!)  We both ordered margaritas which were really good.  My only small small small problem was that there probably could have been a little more tequila in it (but I am a huge man that likes my drinks strong)  We had the pablano peppers appetizer which was amazing and just the right amount for an appetizer.  I ordered the green chile stuffed relleno (which I have also had at their sister restaurant, Fuego Bistro)  and it was incredible it was even better than the one I had there.  It was cooked perfectly and the crispiness of the batter was in a perfect relationship with the softness and flavors of the pepper and seafood.  Also the seafood was cooked to perfection, which is very rare for Arizona.  I had the mac and cheese and hush puppies for my sides which were also delectable.  My gf had the enchiladas which she also thought were marvelous , I got to eat her second one, the next day and she was right.  I would absolutely recommend this place if you are in the area and I want you all to support the restaurant so that it sticks around and I can go there on the regular! haha We are definitely going to make it habit of eating here.
The hubby and I took two other couples out for dinner.  The drinks were pretty good and the atmosphere was relaxed. The food was very flavorful with a great hint of spice/heat.
Went there during lunch.  Lunch prices were very reasonable, the service was good and the food was delicious.  Would definitely recommend and will be going there again.
Place has great potential not entirely capitalized upon.  Everything was good and it certainly has cool ambiance but the service lacked something to be desired.  You know how some people are great servers/hosts, etc?  Well, others are just doing a job.  The first person a customer contacts should be a host/hostess.  The food and menu was very good though I would have been more impressed with a little more oomph from staff.  We had enchiladas and the ahi tuna.  Yet again I managed the better menu selection (this NEVER happens to me).  The enchiladas were VERY good.  Spicy but not too much and the cole slaw was an excellent compliment.  I have to say that from reading other's reviews, I expected more of the hush puppies and mac n cheese.  Both tasty and the pups were extremely light and crisp, I just prefer more savory flavor.  My husband was satisfied with his fish but not overwhelmed.  We used a Groupon for this place which I'm glad for though ended up being a somewhat complicated process.  Tried to milk our anniversary once more with only patronizing comments from our server - I don't care if you've been married twice as long as we have, it's still a special day for us!  Anyhow, still a good experience but I probably would rather have tried Solo or gone back to True Foods or Stingray's.  Sorry, Fuego del Mar...seems you're loosing your fizzle.
Nice cozy atmosphere and fantastic food.  I took my parents here on a Saturday for Mexican seafood.  Del Mar didn't disappoint or I would have heard about it... From my parents lol.  Our server was friendly we were early for our reservation but they didn't make us wait.  We ordered flavored margaritas and mojitos.  It took a coupe tries to get the favor matching what we ordered but no biggie.  We ordered ceviche and a stuffed pepper appetizer.  Both-yummy.  Then the entrees cod, and seafood enchiladas.  My mom said the cod was the best she ever had, perfect.  The enchiladas were great also.  The Mac and cheese side rocks.  Fuego Del Mar, you have my moms seal of approval.  Enough said!
I work for the airline and the concierge at the Ritz Carlton recommended this place as a happy hour favorite for authentic, hearty, Mexican food and a great atmosphere and I couldn't agree more! To top it off I dine out in almost every city I fly to and service is first thing I notice, the hostess with the mostess, none other than,  Missy was very attentive to me all the while greeting, taking orders, and serving the entire front house, thank you for memorable evening Missy your recommendation to order the Del Mar Chowder was filling and absolutely delicious, I will be back so until next time adiós!!!
I really wanted to like this cute place.. I will add, the service was nice.  I found this restaurant through Amazon local, it looked good and had pretty good review overall, but while there, I realized that it was extremely over priced for the food they served... I got the enchilada dish, and it was extremely spicy, to the point that my eyes watered (share dinner with kid) because the dish was $24, she was not able to eat it, and oly eat the corn bread hushpuppies, which taste good, my husbad order a $25 dish.  Mind you we had to order like this because it was the deal I bought,  rediculous... I know they have to make money but come on... first impression are huge...   We also ordered an appetizer (some fish tasteless dish) and a couple a drinks and the bill came to $75.00 plus add tip.  To say the least, I will never go back, I expect a lot of flavor for that price.  I went to Anaya's in my neighborhood and I ordered almost the same with the difference that I got extra margarita and the price was $33.00 plus tip, and it was to die for!    If you have money to waste and like a bit of a snobby attitude while you enjoy dinner, then this is it, I think they should move location, get a new cook, chill a bit...lower the prices a bit..and they may have a chance.  Good luck.
"No fried food!" I said to myself to balance a lack of exercise. This resolve quickly crumbled once I began to sample the Del Mar Empanadas at Fuego Del Mar.   I've eaten my fair share of empanadas in my lifetime. These are a staple in any South American kitchen. (My Mom makes *amazing* empanadas.) They can be baked or fried. Fried ones are generally, in my opinion, the better variety.  At Del Mar the empanadas are stuffed with crab meat, chorizo, goat cheese (yes!)  and white corn. If that wasn't enough goodness, they are topped with a tomatillo verde sauce. I had agreed to "just try" the empanada as I wasn't prepared to sabotage myself.  Pfft! The empanadas are heavenly. I don't know quite how they time the cooking, but the chef managed to present a delightful culinary treat without a hint of grease. They were fried ... but there wasn't any goop. (For lack of a better word.) Seriously good stuff.  My dining companion and I had arrived at Fuego Del Mar after using Yelp. There was a $5 for $10 deal. What we missed in reading carefully, is that the menu displayed on the mobile app is for lunch pricing.  (Whoops!) Additionally, I was a bit bummed as I wasn't ravenous and the Happy Hour menu (which is available "all day") may not be combined with any other offers. At that point we almost decided to sit separately at the bar after speaking with the server. (There seemed to be some confusion that the Yelp offer is still online.)  I'd checkout downstairs seating. Upstairs offers a beautiful view of the bar. However, service turn around can be limited. That being said, upstairs dining, when seated by the railing offers a stunning view of the bar. (We did not realize that however, as we were seated against the wall.)   This is a really cute place that has a hip bar ambiance. The food was unbelievable.
I should have known from the beginning it wasn't going to be a good experience.    I eat out enough to know the customary greeting a server offers is typically a short greeting followed by a drink order.  What I was offered was a question if I had any groupons or other types of discounts.  I did happen to purchase a $10 for $5 here from Yelp she tells me "I thought we discontinued that, hmmm".  Not a great way to start.  When my friend asked if it was possible to order happy hour she said in a very snooty way there was no way to mix the coupon and happy hour prices.  Not even if we split the check.  I don't have a problem with that, it was the way she felt she needed to inform us.  She started to walk away while we figured out what we wanted, again still not asking if we wanted anything to drink.  I had to ask if she could get our drink orders.  At this point I knew I didn't want to have a meal here but I didn't want to waste my $5 I had spent on Yelp for this place so I ordered an appetizer to split with my friend.  It was very good but not worth ever visiting again.  Had that been the worst of it this review would be much different.  The remainder of our visit we were ignored for large portions of time and received more attitude each time she did decide to stop by.  It was understaffed and I'm sure this is why she wasn't in the best of moods but that doesn't excuse taking it out on the customers.
The atmosphere is nice. Smooth music, low lights, modern setting.   The sever had a good attitude. And was sure to check up on us often enough. But not too much as to where it would be annoying.   But let's be honest. The food is simply mediocre. The Mac and cheese is atrocious. A 49 cent kraft box could have given this Mac and grease a beat down. The vegetables were undercooked and over seasoned. The hush puppies were burned and the coleslaw was drowned in vinegar.    With that said the pulled pork was tender and well prepared. (According to my DH). I myself ordered the chile relleno and although it was decent I wasn't Impressed.   So here is my reasoning behind the two stars: the pomegranate mijito itself was delicious!! (That's one star) and the server was very polite and upbeat (there is two)!  Let's just say I'm gifting that second groupon. Not worth the trip!
I am not a big fan of AMANDA (owner and waitress), or Fuego Del Mar A.K.A. Fuegos Tacos!  If you are new in the area or just visiting, please watch out for this restaurant!! I assure you this place will give you suspicions. What's the point of having a groupon deal if the business does not welcome newcomers! Please please be careful yelpers.
THIS RESTAURANT ALSO IS UNDER FUEGO TACOS.  NOT SURE WHY THEY HAVE TWO PROFILES BUT LOOK AT THE BOTH.  WE POSTED THIS SAME REVIEW THERE TOO.  We love to try new restaurants and this one popped up with a Groupon offer for $30, so we thought we would give it a shot.  It was very disappointing.  The only reason why we gave this some stars was because our waitress Amanda was funny and inviting.  Unfortunately she was the only waitress and doubled as the bartender, but she did hustle and do their best.  Our first problem?  People will think we are harsh, but the person who sat us (the only other person in the restaurant) seemed to have a hearing impairment.  He said nothing to us, didn't welcome us and when we asked a question, he ignored us.  I know - he's deaf (or partially) but why would you put such a person at the front door?  It took us at least 20 minutes to figure out why he was "so rude" to us.  We ordered (supposedly) the two best items on the menu.  The pasta and the enchiladas del mar.  The pasta was watery and spicy.  The del mar was unremarkable with overcooked rubbery seafood.   I love seafood and I love Mexican seafood, but they have nothing but seafood on the menu.  If you want meat or chicken you are SOL.  The drinks were good.  Service took a while since poor Amanda was just about everything rolled into one.  We think it would have been better for hearing impaired guy to be running the bar (and bussing) and having Amanda be waitress and hostess.  Just our opinion.  The other problem is the location in the Esplanade.  This is just an odd place for business.  It has an annoying "pay-only" garage, within a dead area, with no vibrant shops.  Getting in and out isn't easy either.   We remember way back when, when McCormack and Schmidt was a bustling restaurant here.  It just seems that nothing succeeds in the Esplanade across from those Biltmore shops.  Even the pedestrian walkway didn't help.  How many people were killed leaving the Esplanade and running across the street to the Biltmore?  That ought to be an indicator.   We don't know why or how things fail in the Esplanade it's just one of those things.  It's like the old Galleria Mall failing directly across the street from The Fashion Square.   It was a $90 bill, minus the $30 Groupon, plus tip.  Was it worth it?  We don't think so.  Would we go again?  No.  There's better Mexican food in the valley, closer and a lot cheaper.  We don't think this place will last long.  Its seems everyone in there had a Groupon or an Amazon local coupon.  They actually had a sign at the door explaining the rules.  That to me that points to a problem when the only reason people will visit your joint is with a coupon.  And the best part?   When we go to restaurants we usually will "check in" on Yelp.  Sometimes we get offers or not.  The photo, is the offer we received when we checked in.  (Palm to face)
Just called to inquire abt using a restaurant.com certificate....spoke to who I think must be the stupidest woman and server on the planet! I asked if I could use certificate for appetizers and she said I should come back at lunch. Then I asked if there were any vegeterian appetizers to use it on at dinner, as we were going to go see a movie after dinner . She said alll they had was the ahi appetizer....um hello idiot ! I asked afaib for vegeterian appetizers and she said the ahi was all they had...ok not ever going back there! Wow stupid
Wow i havent dished our a one star in a while but this place definitely earned it.  Stopped in to try it out for a working lunch today.  First problem you have to park underground and get a ticket to park.  Next, negative vibe by the guy host at front door who also brings the negative vibe when he pours you water (no smile or talking).  I always say if you dont have a great personality that is okay, just dont have a job where you interface with the public.    Next chips and salsa.  Chips tasted stale or they might just use bad oil.  Salsa was okay but certainly not amazeballs.    Finally, steak and pork tacos.  YUCK both were really not very tasty.  Although we asked for a togo container after taking a few bites (just to be nice as i wouldnt serve it to a pet if i had one) we dumped it in the trash first chance we got.  Pinto beans were totally runny loke cafeteria food.  They do validate your parking ticket. so after yout dissapointing meal you can navigate underground road ragers.  Lol  On a positive note, decor was really nice, good internal vibe etc.  place is not for me.  Have fun, steer away from the Fuego. And find your sizzle amigos!
I thought this place was great. We started with the empanadas and coconut shrimp which were both very tasty. For the entrees we had the seafood relleno and the peascado espanola we both had the Mac and cheese and hush puppies for our sides. The relleno and hush puppies were awesome. My only negative is that my pescado lwas a little bland and the Mac and cheese definitely needed salt but after I added some salt it was great. However, I would like to see them have some sides that are a little more Latin like plantains or black beans etc.  The service was also very good. The hostess sat us right away and was friendly and our server was attentive.
WTHeck! Is this place EVER open???? I've been there twice for lunch and they've been closed. Their website needs to be updated. When I've called I get a recording saying they're busy so of course that makes me think they're open.
We felt the need to update our posting, since the owner chimed in on our humanity.  Amanda Ward, if you happen to read this, after 20 years maybe it's time to leave your husband, and find a real businessman who's best job wasn't a day trader. Let us explain and show you how social media works.    Jeff & Amanda Ward:  We never mentioned anyone's name (so now we are) and our intent wasn't to shame "Chritopher" (funny how if you say that out loud, it's EXACTLY how a deaf person would say it...CHRI...TO...PHER!), and you're the one who brought up his name.  We gave nothing but praise to Amanda for her hard work and trying to make the best of a bad situation and restaurant.  So Jeff Ward calls us an A-hole because we gave him a crappy review??? We weren't saying Chris was a bad person, we were saying that it was sheer ineptitude on your part to put such a person as your host and greeter as your host.   Was I supposed to know sign language? How do you expect your customers to communicate with a host?  Pen and paper?  Your greeter and host is the one who markets the food and introduces the outside world to your doorway, but after reading your post to customers it's clear that you are too obtuse to realize this.   We made the suggestion that rather than having Amanda be busser, bartender and waitress, why not have her be host and waitress and have Chris be bartender and busser?  It makes sense but I guess you didn't learn that in day trader school, did you Jeff?  Your other commentary just shows what a douchebag your truly are, Jeff.   Beyond deciding on Marlee Matlan being your host, your food sucks.  I mean really sucks.  It's unremarkable. Your supposed best items were mediocre.  It's not even Mexican food. You should call it Fuego Del Mierda.  In a city and a state that was owned by Mexico for 1000s of years, and with tons of competition with Hispanic foods, one would think you and Amanda would develop a remarkable and different concept.  My suggestion is to hire someone in the restaurant industry that has a last name with a few vowels and ends with the letter "Z"   It's surprising that your wife Amanda is the only one working with the deaf guy.  Where were you?  Working your second job at Best Buy?  Did you go back to day trading because you can't hack it in the restaurant business?  I feel sorry that your chose a bad location and have a shitty restaurant. (but not really -again highlighting your ineptitude and ignorance)  All you had to do was ask anyone homeless dude in Phoenix and they would have shared what a disaster the Esplanade is.  Are there any shops left there?  Oh yeah - just your little crappy joint.  We also feel sorry that Amanda is married to a first class assclown who knows nothing about customer service, customer retention, responding to customer critics, social media or how to run a business.  Stick to day trading Jeff.    Do you really think flaming us and others in your own Amy's Bakery-Esq way was going to help your cause?  Really?  We envy the day you go out of business and Amanda realizes how she wasted 20 years with a class act like you.    Social Media - 1.  Jeff Ward, former day trader and soon-to-be restaurant failure from Fuego del Mierda - 0.  On your last day of business, we will show up, introduce ourselves in person and smile!
If you want to eat at an authentic non-chain mexican cafe, Salva Mex won't disappoint.   True to its name, newly opened Salva Mex offers both mexican and salvadorian dishes.  We tried the tamales, carnitas, and pupusas and they hit the spot. The food diversity is nice, the taste is better than the chain fast-food restaurants, and the prices are very fair.   Salva Mex is a small cafe with basic decor and simple seating.  A great place for a quick bite on the way to/from Red Rock Monument. It's just east of Whole Foods on Charleston.
Located on Rainbow/Charleston, this small family owned business is worth the stop to try and enjoy.  Everything is fresh and made to order.   My personal favorite are the cheese Papusas,  the cabbage mixture is very refreshing.   The menu consists of traditional Salvadorian dishes, and some mexican eats (not so much authentic but a really good fusion taste).   This is our go to spot on night we want to lay low, a d it never disappoints!
Good and cooked to order. Friendly owners who are running the place . Can't go wrong when its mom and pop owned and operated.!! Ill be back .
Amazing food, great service. Authentic, hole-in-the-wall, mom and pop establishment. Chicken cheese pupusas were phenomenal. A must for any Mecican-food-cravers visiting Vegas.
Quite possibly one of the worst food experiences of my life, Mexican or Salvadorean. At one point, this space was a Salvadorean-Mexican fusion place owned by the same people as the Las Palmas market next door. The BF was one of their biggest fans.  But we went a couple of weeks ago, and despite being the same type of food, and the same space, this was not the restaurant he remembered.   For the life of me I can't even remember what we ordered, only how awful it was. I vaguely recall ordering enchiladas but receiving something that did not even remotely resemble the dish. The corn tortillas were the only redeeming factor, but the meat inside was overcooked to the point of being dry, tasteless, crunch. The rice and beans looked suspicious and tasted worse- I don't think I've seen beans that far gone outside of a dumpster. The complimentary chips were stale. The salsa was watery. The food looked and tasted, in short, very old.  The café is small and simple, décor next to nonexistent, and the service is just as minimal. And I don't mean that in a good way.
So glad we found this spot. Really good food and drinks. Coming back tonight for the live Latin music.
My husband and I were looking to go out to eat downtown after his gig and thought we would check out the new restaurant next to the Turf...Pomo.  Well.  Guess not.  They were closing at 11 and we were ready to eat and drinka nd hang out on the patio.  SENS, why did you MOVE? I don't like the new patio you have...sorry...  I digress.  Anyhow, as the story goes, we were standing around thinking maybe we would have an amazing rum drink at Breadfruit and then we heard music.  Did I mention my hubby is a musician?  LIve music?  In this  building?  Wow...let's check it out.  We head towards the back to what is now called "Squash Blossom" and wondering to ourselves "didn't the big sign outside say Breakfast and Lunch only?"  Hmm...this is promising...  And it was amazing. It was like walking into another world. The seemingly boring back space that was impossible to fill when it was the PastaBAR is now hopping and I mean - HOPPING with people listening to latin music and dancing and drinking and loving life.  We had to be part of it...so we waited for a table to open up and snagged it and ordered late night eats and drank fun drinks that we had NO IDEA was in them and listened to live music and had a BLAST.   Everything is in Spanish, even the name...which we quickly realized was a Spanish version of Squash Blossom (who they share the space with). Brilliant (I love stuff like that). We were served by no less than 4 folks (primarily a fellow named David who was so charming!) who hovered over the tables like bees on flowers.  It was skillful and terribly flattering.  I loved that they cared. They asked for feedback on the amazing guacamole and offered suggestions on some fun drinks.  They asked us to come back again.  Who does that?  REALLY who does that?  They came by, shook our hands and looked me in the eyes and said "we would love it if you came by again and joined us for dinner, thank you for coming."  Honestly, ithis was one of the most remarkable experiences I have had in Phoenix.  The unique food and drinks as well as the lovely service and amazing patrons of this "Latin Lounge" made us feel perfectly at home - even though we don't know how to salsa or speak spanish.  The music was wonderful, the band was fun and upbeat.  And for you single folks, there were plenty of tables of ladies and some swarthy good-looking men to meet as well.    I would definately check this place out...we plan to go back for dinner very soon! What a find....
Probably the only authentic Mexican place I will visit often in downtown Phoenix! Try the tostadas de puerco!
La flor de Calabaza es un lugar como ningun otro en Phoenix. Musica en vivo, bebidas y deliciosos aperitivos. Excelente servicio, la chica que nos atendio nos ofrecio muy buenas sugerencias en cuanto a bebidas y los aperitivos. la musica es Rock en espanol. Es un lugar donde te puedes divertir y estar en un ambiente tan padre entre amigos. Definitivamente regreseramos.
Squash Blossom is closed, replace by this awesome Mexican joint. From the art on the walls to the cocktails served in real glasses to the live music and flamenco dancer, this place has improved by no less than 3,000%.   Let's face it, Squash Blossom was a little weird. It always felt like one of those motel restaurants you eat at when you're driving through bat country. The new look and feel is definitely less weird, and in fact has a great ambiance.   We went for an appetizer and drink, just to check it out. We had the guacamole, which was fantastic. Very fresh and lime-y, with an added bonus of what I believe to be currants, but may have been craisens. Either way, it was delish. We also had the quesadilla, which was fried. It's hard to mess up fried cheese, and this did not disappoint. Served with fresh tortillas, this was a perfect snack before a night out on the town.   I asked the waitress (who was super nice and very helpful) what her favorite cocktail was, and she recommended The Bull. I don't know what was in it, but DAMN was it good. All I know is there was fresh lime juice. Highly recommended.   To top it off, the kitchen is open late, which is a great addition for downtown Phoenix, because that's an area we are currently lacking in. They are open for brunch on Sunday, I can't wait to try it out!
Wow.... this place may have a translated name of Squash Blossom, but it is nothing like the old squash blossom... in a good way! They completely redecorated and it now has a Latin club feel. A friend and I wandered in here Saturday night after I saw their open sign through the long hallway and wondered to myself....why is that breakfast place open at 9pm? Anyway, we sat at the bar and it was kind of awesome. We met a couple at the bar that were a lot of fun and we all did many shots...We did some series of shots that included tequila, lime juice, clamato, and beer... very interesting! We also did esperma shots (because of the funny name) which were good, shots of fireball with rum chata (delicious), and we had some of their pina colada based drinks that were sweet and tasty. The bar tender was nice and the prices were affordable (shots = 4$, drinks = 6 ish?). The place is on the loud side and I believe they had a DJ. As it got later, the bar got busier but the service remained very efficient and friendly. I had a great time here and would definitely come back.    PS Their food smelled SO good.....I want to try it ASAP... will update.
I really wanted to love this place. Having just spent a year living in South America I was so excited about going here with a friend to sample their 2 Courses for £4.95 lunch menu.  I'm afraid I came away feeling a little disappointed. I started with the Bruschetta, and despite it's description on the menu it had hardly any topping on it and instead of the crusty bread advertised it was a part-baked white baguette. Hardly screams latin flavour. My friend went for the mozzarella melts with chunky salsa and a side salad, and got a grand total of 2 teeny tiny fried mozzarella fingers, 2 limp lettuce leaves and a pot of what looked to me like nothing more than lumpy ketchup.  The main was a bit better. We both went for the Chicken, Bacon and Avocado salad with honey and mustard dressing which, although not being a remotely latin american dish save for the avocado, was still tasty. I would have liked a bigger portion though.  The décor was what salvaged it for me, stepping inside made me feel like I was back in Buenos Aires or Quito again, and the music added that extra little bit of authenticity that the food lacked so badly.  However, my admiring of the décor stopped when the bill arrived. I really don't see the point in luring people in for a cheap lunch when one glass of wine costs more than 2 courses of food.  I hear this place is good to go in the evenings, but if I'm being brutally honest I wouldn't rush back there for food.
I have only ever been to the El Barrio bar on a week night and it was great fun. Sure their were some sleazy men with too much gel in their hair and far too much perfume wanting to sneak in a sexy salsa with you, but the energy is great and the music is fun. It's sort of a mix of Latin rhythms with Latin hip-hop and I feel grateful I don't speak Spanish to understand the extremely provocative lyrics. Great beat though.  If it weren't for the fact that there were a lot of dancers out to have a good time then this place would feel quite run down and despite all the bright colours and fairy lights, in dire need of something- be it a makeover or perhaps a good mop. But I had a great night and I can't complain.
Considering my penchant for neon lighting, basement bars and anything Spanish/Latin American/Central American themed, this should be the kind of place that I would run to of a weekend for crazy dance times and rum imbibing. But unfortunately, my heart lies with another Mexican themed establishment on Hanover St, which is far superior, and I just can't forget that when I'm in here.  I do have a tendency to judge places to go dancing more harshly than other types of businesses. But a good quality dancing and drinking arena is very important, and pretty hard to come by sometimes. Something about the vibe of El Barrio doesn't quite sit with me. It's always busy, which is to be expected, seeing as it's a free entry club in the centre of town. The tunes are decent enough, the last time I was in on a Saturday they played a pretty good range of hits of a cheesey nature. They have a wee restaurant bit where you can get food until pretty late in the morning, and a substantial dance floor plus a few tables scattered about.   Every time I'm in here I just feel a bit hesitant about getting properly stuck into the dance floor, as I'm just not rating the banter yet. Maybe these things take time, and considering my friends seem to be obsessed with coming here at the moment, I might just have to start feeling the love.
I popped into El Barrio last week as I got handed a flyer by one of their friendly PRs on Rose Street. Two courses for £5.95 and three courses for £7.95? Yes please! This offer is served daily from 12-6pm so we sauntered along around 5 o'clock. I went for the three courses option (of course) and I started of my meal with steamed mussels in a coconut sauce which was delish! I followed my starter with the chicken burger and for dessert I got a tasty cheesecake. If I'm being honest, the food wasn't completely mind blowing but for the price I really have no complaints, it was an absolute bargain and is amazing that this offer is on until 6 when all the other restaurants in the area have stopped doing lunchtime/meal deals.   The music is great and this place has a real party atmosphere which I loved, I can imagine at weekends and at night it would be an absolute blast as it is open till 3am, I may pop back sometime soon.
I'm a great fan of anything Latin and was really excited to check out this Cuban inspired club/restaurant on Rose Street. I was sadly disappointed, as the club was far from full and there were quite a few dodgy characters there whom I suspect might be regulars.  The only thing I did like was the music, which was a mixture of hiphop, rnb, dancehall, latin and reggae! I do find it's really hard to get a DJ to play some Ricky Martin, but valiantly keep trying. They also claimed to serve food until around 3am, which seemed like a God send because I'm usually ravenous by this time. However, they disappointed me again saying the kitchen had closed! I pointed at their own sign in vain (and in desperation), but there'd be no food for me that night. Pity really.
I much prefer El Barrio nightclub to the alternative El Barrio venue on Hanover Street, which is marketed as more of a bar and restaurant, but is open until 3am with the bonus of free entry, which has made it really attractive to punters for dancing purposes. Before the Hanover St El Barrio opened, this venue on Rose St was the main party area, but it's now only open at weekends, which is a shame because I really do think it's quite a cool little Latino hangout for banter purposes.  You can still salsa your hips up here on a Friday and Saturday, to a range of brilliant Latin tunes intermixed with chart music. The last time I was in here I was in the throws of major post holiday blues, so I ordered some friends to meet me, got my hands on a sugary minty mojito, and got dancing to some tunes that reminded me of hijinx and holiday times. I love a good European or Latino dance tune, and the wooden barrels and holiday themed decor momentarily helped me pretend I was still in Barcelona, with days of sangria and tapas ahead of me. The rose-tinted haze of four mojitos also helped.
OK, I'm not a big club guy. I get full of contempt for my fellow man. Misanthropy they call it. I hate getting accidentally grinded (note, ground seemed wrong somehow) by some amorous, sweaty guy mistaking me for a curvy, red-headed girl. And there are no men more horny that those listening to Latin music.  That said, get a few drinks down me, and I love dancing. And Latin music is particularly satisfying to dance to. And I've had some great nights in here too. I just wish they didn't mix in vacuous non-music pop crap to fill in. There's no need for it. Just stick to what you know.  I'd like to add at this point that, to my knowledge, I've never been mistaken for a curvy, red-headed girl. Just a weird fantasy I guess. One of the better clubs, when they do what they're good at.
Quite honestly I would never dream of eating here after having gotten to know the staff rather well over the last few years drinking in there.  Have to say though, when with a large group of friends and in need of a few jager bombs there are fwe places I would rather be!  Friendly staff, good tunes and an 'interesting' crowd make for a great night!
In my opinion i do not recommend this restaurant to nobody!! It took 1 hour before I get my pupusas!!! I ordered only 3.... Not efficient employees!!!
Viva Elvis , viva Zapata, viva Arepas, viva Mercado, viva Michoacan ...so many vivas are popping up in viva Las Vegas and so many pupuserias but I'm not complaining, we need more options beside those fast food restaurants that only make you miserably fat, we need instead more places that make us happily voluminous.   Enter...Viva El Salvador pupuseria restaurant. Here you can find many Salvadorian dishes but like all Salvadorian restaurants pupusas are the main star of the show, thick corn tortillas filled with your choice of ingredients like chicharron (pork) frijoles,(beans) queso (cheese) or revueltas (mixed) covered with curtido (pickled cabbage slaw) and tomato sauce. The good thing about ordering pupusas is that you can order only the amount you want, for me usually two are enough but it all depends on how fluffy you are, also don't forget to order some to go or you'll be wishing you did. Service is good, order at the counter, find a table and they'll bring the food to you. Place is clean and very affordable. I can't tell you that this are the best pupusas in town but I can tell you that they are very good and I'll be stacking on pupusas every time I'm in the area.......I give this place 4 stars, although everything here is made from scratch, it could be a little bit faster!    Viva Yelp for showing me the way to this pupuseria!
I live in the area and have had my eye on this place, stopped by on my way out of town for lunch with my BF. Ordered the carne guisada plate and 2 pupusas (pork and shrimp). One other customer present when we ordered, waiting for takeout. Wait was a little long, all was made to order right behind the register at an exceptionally slow pace- 20 minutes for the two of us. I doubt their ability to handle more than a small family ordering at once.  Pupusas (which they're apparently known for) were bland and had little to no meat evidenced in the flavor or composition of the pupusas. Disappointed.  Carne guisada though, I haven't seen on a menu since I left Texas! Here it's made with stewed tomatoes, which is a little different than the gravy sauce I am more accustomed to but very tasty and seemed authentic. Rice was moist and flavorful, beans were downright velvety! Plate was served with additional plain pupusas instead of tortillas as menu stated, bf thought they were overly thick and tasteless.  Props for having one of my favorite dishes on the menu. Underwhelmed with service speed and lack of understanding the English language- cashier should be able to successfully greet patrons and take an order in language of this community not just  the one the food is from.
