My husband is the fan of Indian food, and I had a gift certificate from some students, so we gave Indian Delhi Palace a try.  The service was spotty, depending on who was in our section at the time.  The naan and puri were excellent, and both of our entrees were tasty (my husband had the chicken tikka masala and I had a mild lamb dish in cream sauce. The jasmine rice was beautiful and well cooked, but also had cardamom seeds in it (not my favorite). My husband loved his palak paneer. We agreed that overall, we have had a little better food and service from Taste of India.
The food is good... The service is good. Again this comes from an Indian who did eat at EVERY possible Indian food restaurant in phoenix!!! Try the kheema(minced lamb) naan-its extremely filling. The butter chicken is good, and the portions are decent enough! Its family owned and operated so that is always a good sign!
I went here once with a friend.  We had the lunch buffet which was average.   Until, I saw two cockroaches crawling around. Not, even your normal cockroaches but, gigantic cockroaches.  I couldn't eat anymore but, for some odd reason my other friend did.
First off, I must say, friendly smiles upon entering an establishment goes a looooong way for me. Family owned and nurtured with love comes through at Indian Delhi Palace. I've eaten in a few times and mostly had take out. Service was always right on, attentive not intrusive. Take out packaging is an art in my book. So often, things are forgotten, mispackaged and spilled and well, sometimes just tossed in a bag. Here they do it right. Garlic naan bread in house is better than to go. Unfortunately they wrap it in tinfoil and it sweats and loses any of it crispy outer crunch. Chicken tikka marsala has just enough cream and spice to hit all my F spots (you know like a G spot, only F for flavor!). Saffron rice is fluffy, flavorful and fantastic. Rickie loves their sauteed okra...generally not something high on my list to order but yowza Potsie...dee - lish. Samoras, tandori chicken all A's all around. And you can't beat a tall, cold Himalyan beer while waiting for that to go order and they always provide me with some papadum and a tangy, sour, spicy dip. Remember a smile goes along way with me!
Delhi Palace has won my heart for Indian food.  There is a great lunch buffet that is well worth a drop in from time to time.  I'm not sure if this location is associated with the Delhi Palace on University, but I have been to both and liked both.  Sometimes Indian food buffets can feel not so fresh, but both of these restaurants keep things fresh and heated.    This restaurant has my stamp of approval as my favorite Indian food in the Phoenix area.
I really want to give this place more than 3 stars.  I like the food and the restaurant and the banana milk shakes!  BUT!  in the little Indian store to the right of the restaurant there were rat traps all over the place....  with rotten cheese in them...  THAT is not something I, a paying customer wants to see....  AT LEAST hide the traps.  THEN it made me think, that my food could have been contaminated with rat droppings and then my stomach started hurting.  Which is unfortunate because I probably won't be back, and we had been there quite a few times.
This was my introduction into Indian food.    The first few times I came here I was like "ah not bad".  Then I started to try other places, even out of state and in other towns.   When I came back to IDP I really liked it.  If you go to a buffet, which I prefer, so you can try a bit of everything keep in mind that the dishes change daily.   If the food is not so good on Monday well go back on Tuesday and they'll have a few different items.  They had these parsnips once that were soooo good I've been having "nocturnal emissions" about them for the past year.   Cool little shop that is attached to the restaurant, they have fresh bakery items, Indian food stuffs, and a ton of Bollywood movies.
I think this place maybe the best Indian food in the valley but if compared to the DC area,LA, Chicago, or the Bay area, it would be at best average
This is my favorite Indian restaurant in Phoenix. The food is always the best tasting of places I've been to, and probably the least "watered down" in terms of spice. The place is modeled to look like a little taj mahal which is kinda goofy, but it's very nice inside and out. They have a delicious buffet for lunch with a menu that changes almost daily, unlike a lot of indian buffets where they have the same items for a week on the buffet line. The service is always good, even the first time I went I ordered chicken curry (I'd never had indian food) because it was a safe bet. The man asked me if I wanted an order of naan or rice and I didn't really want to order anything else. He said "well how are you going to eat the curry? with a spoon?" and brought me a basket of bread on the house. He knew I was trying something for the first time and wanted me to enjoy my experience. I've been back quite a few times and tried just about every other Indian place in town, and this one is still by far the best.
Fantastic Chicken tikka masala and garlic naan!  Gulab jamun is good, but not the best I've had.  I didn't like the palak paneer.    Service is friendly and efficient.  Preparation of food can take awhile, so don't arrive starving.  Lunch buffet available, and you can even take lunch buffet to-go!  (Haven't tried it, yet though so I can't vouch for the food served.)  Ooh, I've got to get this on my rotation soon!
We stopped in here for the ubiquitous lunch buffet, and I am a little torn because I wanted to either really like it, or really hate it. But I don't.   It seems that decent Indian is hard to come by out here, so I tend to stick with the same couple of places.My usual Indian haunt is Flavors of India, because the food is mostly good and it's close, but I think this place is a close second. The things that Flavors does well, Delhi Palace does so so on. And vice versa.   Where Delhi Palace shines: (within the confines of today's buffet, of course)  Palak Paneer- even though the paneer was noticeably absent or microscopic Bengan Bhartha- My eggplant-hating dining companion even liked it.  Mutter Paneer- The one dish with peas that i'll eat willingly.  The service- they weren't in your face, but they were around more than most buffet meals.  The atmosphere- it's classy without being over the top gaudy.   Where Flavors of India kicks Delhi Palace's hiney:  Naan- I prefer the flattened, nearly scorched naan to the fluffy puff that was plopped on the table here. It was fresh though, so bonus points for that.  Tandoori chicken- The flavor was fantastic, but the meat was dry.  Yellow lentil daal- I'll save my colorful description of this one and just leave it at Blech.  Curry chicken- Where's the spice? Possibly the blandest curry chicken ever.  The water- This sounds weird, but every time the server came by to refill water, we ended up with more UFOs (unidentifiable floating objects) in our glasses.   Overall, I think it's a toss-up. The things that I like about Delhi Palace are the things that my old stand by place doesn't do well. I'll definitely be back, but not for the curry or lentils.
Grabbed a lunch buffet to-go while running errands this afternoon. Priced at a reasonable $10 the styrafoam carton i packed with rice, veggie curries, pakoras, and tandoori chicken will feed me for days. Each to-go buffet is portioned one piece of delicious fresh naan.   The curries were just okay (palek paneer, daal makhaini,  and aloo mutter). Palek "paneer," while flavorful, was disappointingly served without the paneer, my favorite part. Both the daal makhaini, aloo mutter were watery. The pakoras tasted like yesterday's leftovers, reheated and thrown on the buffet line. Mint chutney was delicious, some of the best i've had. The raita, also watery, added an extra tang to the curries. The tandoori chicken (legs n' thighs) while tasty, are a bit dry.    Overall, I'd prefer the home-cooked and spicy palek paneer from Udupi Cafe. But for the price and convenience, the to-go lunch buffet from Indian Delhi Palace is a great deal.
Lately, I can't seem to get enough of South Asia in my belly. I have my Valley favorites (India Gate in Chandler and The Dhaba in Tempe), but I wanted to give a new joint a go. So I decided to try the rather palatial-looking India Delhi Palace in East Phoenix because I had heard good things about its lunch buffet.  Luckily, my foodie friends aren't liars.   I arrived shortly before the lunch rush. I was greeted promptly and politely. I then asked if the buffet had a large selection of vegetarian options, and he actually gave me a brief but thorough tour of the veggie offerings, which, much to my delight, comprised much of the buffet. I promptly filled my plate with aloo matar and daal maharani. But don't worry, omnivores; there were plenty of delicious-looking meat dishes on the slate as well.   The food was very tasty, but what makes this place stand up above other Indian buffets was the exceptional, attentive service. A team of servers worked to make sure I received fresh naan with my meal, my water glass was always filled and any questions I had were answered. I don't expect much in the way of help when it comes to buffets, so this was a pleasant surprise.   I will definitely be back one of these days to try something from the menu (bengan bhartha, I'm looking at you).
My boss is Indian and we decided to try and find a good Indian restaurant while in Az. We loved this place. We went back twice! Delicious food and wonderful service.  They have a facebook page with coupons.
Really good Indian cuisine. Beautiful interior and great food. They'll give you the option of how spicy you want your food on a 1-10 scale. They appear to have a buffet option, though I haven't had the chance to try that yet, as it's for the lunch crowd only.
In my mind, there are two types of Indian restaurants in the Valley that I can afford to eat at.  There's the ones in strip malls that typically feature a grouchy old man behind the counter and a huge TV displaying Indian MTV or soap operas, and largely do-it-yourself service. (See: Kohinoor)  If I'm feeling like spoiling myself, I'll take the next jump up to the places with painted walls, friendly waitstaff, and a-la-carte style menus instead of "specials."  After a long day at work and in hippy progressive meetings, me and my beyonce decided to try Indian Delhi Palace, which is an excellent example of the latter.  The waiters were attentive without  being overbearing, and the complimentary appetizer - I always forget the name - the crispy, slightly sweet cracker thingamajig with the green sauce? - was yummy.  And the samosas we started off with were also great.  Not overly greasy or soggy or stale like a lot of Indian places.  The palak paneer is wonderful!  Ask for it spicy if you are a fan of spicy foods.  The creamy spinach flavor doesn't become overbearingly hot, but has a pleasant spicy aftertaste that mixes perfectly with their garlic naan, served fresh, of the soft and chewy variety that I prefer.  RE: The people who miss paneer... The paneer was definitely on the skimpy side, but I didn't mind.  The taste was definitely still there - perhaps they blend it in more than other restaurants?  Anyway, if you are a huge fan of blocks of paneer in your food, you might want to mention as such to your server.  The lady ordered vegetable bhriyani, which is sort of our Indian comfort food, and it didn't disappoint.  Flavorful rice with tons of veggies.  Indian Delhi Palace has good food, good service, and an atmosphere that will embrace you like a vampire who feeds off of stress instead of blood.
Ok, here we go again... 1-Star, 5-Stars...  How can it be both?  This is a stylish, modern, mid-sized place on the east edge of Phoenix.  When I showed up just after opening time, about 11:45 on this Tuesday, it already had a good crowd of lively diners on hand.  The food was all good, particularly the delicious yogurt salad dressing, very sweet honeydew melon, & the best lentil soup I have ever eaten!  I like Flavors of India more, for it's menu, it's more comfortable (to me) atmosphere, booths, & the way it's naan bread is served.  Thus, I can't say, "Yay! I'm a fan" of Indian Delhi Palace, but it certainly is "A-OK!"  Lunch is $8.99.  Full bar.
Finally, another Indian restaurant in Phoenix worth praising (Udupi is my other spot) -- we stopped in after work this evening for a quick bite, expecting the usual bagged frozen veggies in watered-down curry.  What we had was a hearty, flavorful, fresh, vegetarian meal. There is plenty of meat on the menu as well.  My wife and I both ordered the Vegetable Korma, which was full of fresh veggies in a rich, aromatic curry. We tried two different breads -- one was doughy and stuffed with cauliflower and the other was a crispy whole wheat. They were totally different from each other, yet both were fantastic.  Each staff member was friendly, responsive and never devoid of a smile. A nice, intimate atmosphere, perfect for a quiet and economical meal.  I will certainly be back soon... and will consider becoming a regular.
I poped in for a quick lunch yesterday knowing they would probley have a buffet. they are'nt overly cheery to have you as a customer not that there rude there is no emotion at all....so i was told to take any table and off i went to the buffet you better be ready for chicken because thats the protien du jour one of the chicken dishes was quite tasty the other tandori was dry the spinich dish was good along w/the naan the food was not bad but when i paid it was 11$ a bit pricey....no...alot pricy for the selection of dishes.....maybe there dinners are better but i most likly wont return to find out
Avoid the lunch buffet.  Excellent Chicken Tikka Masala.
A craving for Indian food.. popped in here about 230p...The waiter seemed a bit annoyed when we didnt sit and jump right at the buffet..BUT I hadnt had time to look..buffet or no..offer the menu! All in all....since I couldnt decide, my friend and I opted for garlic naan and the buffet.. Chicken curry is a fav of mine..but maybe Im spoiled..I like it to contain more than chicken legs .. Ive actually only had it boneless.. (probably not traditional.!).. I liked the curry , but not the chicken.. Im kind of a white meat girl... Loved the daal... the fritters, the raita.. the mango lasse.. the aloo mattar... yum... a new fav... NOW heres where they FAIL... not 5-8 minutes after agreeing to the buffet and serving ourselves... the waiter comes back and asks if we are done with the buffet.. Kind of a WTH look came across our faces?? I mean did he kind of lure us to buffet it...away from menu...just to rush us ?? Yeah...no.. wrong... SO, we proceed to get another selection of items on another plate.. small table now full.. as they took away the buffet.. I mean, are you serious!? Just let a customer know that when they sit... 'oh btw, get your buffet.. if not its going away...'..  The naan rocked.. its large and enough for 3... I just always feel at a buffet per norm.. I dont get my moneys worth.. I dont eat alot.. So I sample when at buffets... this lunch buffet, for the short time it was 'there'... was priced right..
We arrived at 2:30 with a craving for something that wasn't mexican food or contemporary food. We were seated and told there was a lunch all-you-can-eat buffet going on. We looked over the menu but decided after all on the buffet, it was a good idea to try some new things since I always get matar paneer.   I filled a plate and proceeded to stuff my face.. in classy form, of course. The Aloo Mattar had the perfect amount of spice and an immense amount of flavor. It was impressive, as was the chicken curry, the rice, and the chicken masala. I was in heaven! The garlic naan was perfect. Everything was right with the world..  Then the bad news came. Not fifteen minutes after we sat down with our first plates filled were we told the buffet was going to close soon. Had we known earlier, well, I'm not sure what we would do. But it sure is lucky we are a couple of small ladies who can't really eat more than one overfilled plate.. I thought.  I finished my plate and decided to have more aloo mattar, rice, and then some raiti and fritters. Then I got some of the coconut basmati rice. Oh everything just.. sighhh. I think it was the first time I've really been rendered speechless by food in a long time.   tl;dr Service was friendly but didn't come around often enough to fill our drinks, food is incredible, the place is relaxing and aesthetically appealing inside.  They lost a star for the failure to tell us we had fifteen minutes to enjoy the buffet and for being a little lagging on the refilling of drinks.
I was very surprised to see that this location is a great advancement from the Tempe location. I love the Tempe location (due to it being the best in proximity), but everything about this location is better.   As far as the food goes, it's just as "top-notch" as Tempe. All the food is hot and fresh, and they are constantly bringing in warm bread and new refills.  The chicken curry is even better with the addition of red and green bell peppers, but everything else is just as tasty.  The building the restaurant is located in is perfect. It looks like it was built for this restaurant alone, and I gotta say I was impressed. There was even an Indian Grocery inside which was cool to look around in.  I had a great experience here and I'm sure anyone else who enjoys Indian Cuisine would as well.
Two reasons for coming here:  1) You love Indian Food 2) You love to sample a variety of dishes   My first visit to the palace was on a Friday, for the lunch buffet.  For $7.99, you have your pick of Tandoori Chicken, a delicious chicken Curry, Three Vegetable Curries, Basmati Rice, Daal, Naan, and. Salad. To complete your feast, they offer Kheer (rice pudding with almond and pistachio) and Gulab Jamun (Two balls akin to donut holes - made from cream of milk in scented light syrup).  The greatest thing about this buffet is that it is "western" friendly.  This means that none of the curries are too spicy, and even the mint chutney is not over-powered by peppers and chilies.  For your first experience with Indian food, this is a terrific spot.  If a seasoned veteran of this cuisine, you may be more picky where flavor is concerned.  I personally feel the buffet had very slim pickings, especially for someone that enjoys diversity in dining.  However, I thought the tikka masala, chicken curry, daal, pakoras, and saag were sooo delicious.  I am interested in returning here to explore its dinner options.  For example, along with the varying lamb, chicken, and vegetarian dishes Indian Delhi Palace offers - they have complete dinners for under $20.  For instance, the chicken dinner includes One Papadum, One Tandoori Chicken, Chicken Curry, One Daal Maharani, One Plate of Basmati Rice, One Naan, One Ratia, One Dessert, Chutney and Tea.
went here with my bf and his friend. came in at 7pm. took 10 minutes for someone to even realize we walked in the door..then took about 35 min to even get our food. they didn't seem very friendly. luckily, the food is pretty good [i've eaten indian food in europe before and it almost stood up to that.] i just didn't care for how slow they were.
Great food, and affordable as well.  My wife and I get it to go.  It travels very well.  I've had better Naan, but overall.  It's great Indian when you have the craving.  Tip:  Don't get the Meat Naan.
Coda B. and I both crave Indian Lunch Buffets when we're hungover. Him more so than me. He's actually called me at 12:30 at night, from a bar, talking about how he wants Indian Food. It's as though he can already feel the hangover coming on and wants to make sure his priorities are in check. 1) Get home (or wherever) safely 2) Indian Food. I may have mixed up the order.  This Indian Delhi Palace is apparently under the same ownership as the Tempe location, but I like this one much better. For several reasons:  1) The Chicken Tikka Masala is AMAZING. Like, I've never had buffet food this good before. I don't really like Tandoori Chicken. Honestly, the color kind of freaks me out. I know it's from the sauce or whatever, but chicken, on the bone, with a kind of fluorescent pink glow is weird. I'll pass. But boneless chicken in a delightful red curry sauce? Don't mind if I DO!  2) This location has a much larger variety of dishes, especially vegetarian dishes, which are usually my favorite offerings at an Indian lunch buffet (see above about tandoori chicken freaking me out).  3) Um, hello? It looks like a freaking palace. These guys did not hold back and I freaking love them for it. I actually think more places offering a lunch buffet should treat its patrons like the hungover royalty that we are. I wouldn't mind if Souper Salad and Sweet Tomato hopped on this trend already. I mean, how hard can it be to add a few fancy door arches and some gold plated silverware? Not that hard really. Up your game, guys.  However, the only complaint I have about Indian Delhi Palace, and the primary reason why Flavors of India remains my favorite Indian Lunch Buffet has to do with the atmosphere. Yes, I appreciate the super sexy high-class water goblets, but Delhi Palace doesn't have any booths. And when I'm hungover, I need a freaking booth. I need my own little eating sofa. I need to be able to kick off my flip flops under the table and sprawl out like I'm enjoying their delicious naan on my own little loveseat. That's what I need, and that's what Flavors of India gives me. Oh, and some Bollywood wouldn't hurt either.
Placed a take-out order of vegetable pakoras, shahi paneer, garlic naan, and papadum. Did not receive the pakoras at all, the naan was COLD (not even lukewarm), the papadum was burned, and the shahi paneer was crappy. As your lawyer, I advise you to become a patron of any other indian place in the valley but this one.
Delhi Palace saved my dinner party! I was getting over a nasty 24-hour bug, and was panicked about how on earth I was going to be able to pull off a vegetarian duel birthday dinner party for my Scorpio-signed, non-meat eating folks.   My boyfriend suggested ordering a bunch of food for everyone. I was non-too-thrilled by this suggestion, but felt I had nothing better to offer. Cooking, cleaning and preparing for the party would have surely put me over the edge, so I went along with it.  The responsibility of ordering for everyone sort of put me in a state of quiet anxiety, but I knew I needed to bite the bullet.  Ordering for 13 people I got the following:  APPS 3 Vegetable Pakora (6/order) apps - too salty, over done, wouldn't order again 5 Samosa (2 large per order) apps - we split them in 2 so there would be 20. They were gone in minutes.  So delicious, and really reasonable at $2.49/order DINNER 1 Vegetable Korma - excellent, should have ordered 2 of them 2 Daal Maharani - excellent, and there was nothing left 2 Bengan Bharta - too salty, wouldn't order this again, hardly touched 2 Palak Paneer - excellent, a true hit 1 Malai Kofta - delicate and delicious   Oh, how could I forget, we ordered lots of Garlic Naan, and a platter of Basmati rice.  The apps came with mint chutney and tamarind chutney, and I ordered raita (cool whipped yogurt) to drizzle over the spicy preps.  Dinner was around $170. It was entirely worth it.  No stress, no mess, and everyone was thanking us for the Indian treats. Plus, we had Indian food for dinner the next night!  What I gleaned from this experience was I could have definitely ordered less food.  There was tons of left overs.  I would say that one dinner dish safely satisfies 2 guests.  Favorites were: Palak Paneer, Vegetable Korma, Daal Maharani, Garlic Naan, Samosas.  One last thing, this place has the best Indian Buffet in town... if you're into that sort of thing (wink).
Came here last night with the girlies to satisfy our craving for Indian food.  We've talked about this place for a while, and I'll be damned if I was leaving AZ before stopping by this place!  So luckily, I was able to convince one of the girls that finals are not as important as saying goodbye to me over a plate of curries.  We got their around 8 and the place had a good crowd.  We were the only white girls, so we know we were in for a good meal.  Going over the menu took us a while, because one of the girls had no clue what she wanted, and the server was polite enough to let us take our time.  Before we figured out what we wanted for dinner, of course we had to figure out drinks.  So we all order and still continue to peruse the menu.  Then our drinks came out...huge plus for this place right here, they were huge!  My gin and tonic was in an oversized cocktail glass and my friend's Chardonnay was filled to the brim.  No skimping on alcohol here!  The waiter advised us the drinks were strong, which I was fine with but my girlfriend needed 3 more limes to take hers down.  We finally end up decided on dinner, with the shahih paneer, chicken saag, and vegetable korma, and an order of garlic naan.  I was a little unsure about the paneer, but my girlfriends swore by it.  When the food arrived, we were excited!  Everything smelled so flavorful and the naan was huge, good thing we only got one order.  I loved every single bite I had at dinner, and the feeling was mutual across the table.  All of us ate beyond the point of feeling full, but we couldn't help ourselves!  This food was too good!  Luckily, we were able to stop ourselves and save some food to take home.  I got the chicken saag and I am so excited to have some for my own brunch.  Mmmmm...I'm getting hungry thinking about it now.  Overall, $20 a person including tip, with strong drinks, good food, and extras to take home we were satisfied.
Decent but not awe inspiring North Indian style food in east Phoenix. I haven't been for their lunch buffet in years, but dinner is good and reasonably priced. Their idea of hot is not that hot.  Things to try that I especially like here -  Mango pickle Any of the paratha breads Hot tea Anything with cauliflower
This place has a fancy exterior and you definitely pay for the ambiance. Definitely a sit down with a napkin in your lap kinda place. I have tried the tikka masala, pakuras, vegetable korma, and naan.  It's all very delicious and the portion sizes are bigger than expected.   Drawback: kinda pricey. Not a good place for cheap take-out.  I ordered out for 3 and it cost $50!!!
I cooked dinner at home the last four nights in a row... this may be a record for me.  No joke!  We eat out way too much.  But, as a reward for all of my cooking as of late, my husband took me out to dinner tonight.  I suggested we try Indian Delhi Palace, and he agreed!  We walked in and were immediately greeted by Nick, Mr. Delhi Palace's son.  Nick is a college student with one hell of a sense of humor.  The banter between him and Jared made for one comical meal.    Here's what we ate: -Garlic Naan -Peas Pulaou (Basmati Rice cooked with Peas) -Fresh Okra with Sliced Onions, gentle Herbs and mild Spices -Bengan Bhartha (Eggplant roasted in a delightful pulp, seasoned with Gentle Herbs and Mild Spices) -Shrimp Tikka Masala -Kheer (Basmati Rice Pudding sprinkled with almonds and Pistachio)  Everything was extremely tasty, especially the okra and shrimp dishes.  I normally do not like dishes that have onion in them, but pretty much everything we had contained a lot of it.  And actually, I still liked it!  The serving sizes were large, so we took home leftovers.  The price was a bit steep ($60 out the door), but we really enjoyed it.  I think this will be my new "go-to" place for Indian food, and my new "go-to" place for dinner when I pick up friends and family at the airport around dinner time.  As a side note, the Indian Delhi Palace building also has a large banquet room upstairs that Nick showed us upon our inquiry... it has a capacity of 250 and it's really nice.  Future Yelp event potential, perhaps?  We'll see about that.
I love Indian food. This place is yummy. I had the chicken masala :). The staff was super nice and happy. One thing that I love as much as good food is good service! ;)
After all the issues we've had finding food sushi in Phoenix, I was worried about beginning to Indian food venues.  Luckily, we were much more successful with this type of food. The Indian Delhi Palace was absolutely scrumptious, and just as awesome, it was incredibly affordable.  The Samosas were perfectly sized and scrumptious.  I wish that they'd brought the tamarind sauce out before them with the chutney, but it did go perfectly with the samosa.  I got Malai Kofta.  Not exactly what I was expecting (it's my favorite dish), as it was a bit different than other places I've had it, but it was still delicious.  My partner got a good ol' favorite; Saag Paneer. It was a bit too spicy for her (her fault for ordering it medium), but we wound up mixing the two sauces together, and it was perfect. Portions were generous, especially given the affordable prices.  The service was so-so; our glasses stayed empty for some time before they got refills.  I wish I'd gotten a mango lassi, but it was a bit pricey, and we chose the Samosas instead. Also, I was a bit disappointed that the naan was sold separately, but I guess that's the way lots of places are going now.  All told, it was delicious, comforting and satisfying Indian food, and we were quite impressed! I can't wait to try their lunch buffet.
Rand H. and myself went here for lunch today.The place is big and very nicely decorated it is probably one of the more fancier Indian restaurants.They had your typical Indian buffet items that were all good,but the tandoori chicken tasted like benzene. Other than that the food was all pretty good so I will give these guys a solid 3 star review
Yes, I am totally deducting a star because they charge for soda refills. Not just charge refill price (which is ridiculous anyway), but charge you for a WHOLE ADDITIONAL SODA when you get a refill. Who the eff does that? I can quite honestly say I'm never going here again, because I only crave Indian when I'm hungover and full flavored (not diet) ice cold coke is a hangover necessity. I'm not going to pay for each one I down, that could bankrupt me. Plus, everyone knows fountain soda costs like 4 cents a piece, who are they trying to fool?
= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET  = = = = = =  It's been almost a year since I was here, & last time one of the things that I didn't care for was that I was seated near a glary window.  Thus, I dropped back in here today with Mike C. to give it another try & see if I could get it up to 4-Stars.  Well, we sat well back inside the restaurant, so there wasn't a glare, but now that i've visited many (all?) of the Indian buffets around the Valley, I found the selection here to be a little small, the Tandoori Chicken tasted like benzene (!), & the service wasn't friendly.  It IS a stylish place, inside & out, & it wasn't "bad", really, but I'm not likely to return to this one.  We just have better choices in Indian Buffet.    Lunch Buffet $8.99
Tasty and reasonably priced food and beer. A little hard to park but worth the maneuvering. And they have a rocking grocery store attached to it so you can make your own!
Finding good Indian food in Phoenix has made the move here easier...especially a place that's a mile from my house.  Parking is easy Service is always fantastic Take-out is always ready very quickly and very hot Good variety of spices at the attached little store  Tried and recommend: Shahi paneer, chicken tikka masala, veg korma. chana masala Might revisit but not thrilled with initially: saag paneer, aloo gobi  If you like spicy (or not), tell them--they go kinda easy on the hotness unless you specifically ask (use the 1-10 scale)  I wish it was a little less formal feeling inside, but I typically do take-out so not a big deal--it just makes for a date-ish environment rather than a group o' friends environment.  Again, not a bad thing, i'm just sayin'. I've also never checked out the lunch buffet so maybe the white tablecloths and preset water glasses are a PM thing.   [p.s. i'm now officially amused that i just said i wished a place was less nice. don't really hear that too often...]
As good as it gets.... I went there years ago and never went back.... My stepson's girlfriend took us there and we absolutely loved it.... Being of Indian Punjabi origin, yes I am very picky and finicky about my tandoori food. This was fab.... It was like being in Delhi.... Really....
So I had a toothache.  Heard that clover oil worked.  This lead my search for a local ethnic store and I voila: The Indian Delhi Palace.  They actually have a small grocery store attached to the restaurant.  As I entered the restaurant my world was curry.  My toothache disappeared and I wanted to sit down and grub.   Beautiful decor:  Very Indian, nice table sets and even nicer glass goblets and interesting utensils.    Service was excellent.  The curry chicken was DELISH.  Everything is A la carte.  So be prepared to pay for rice as a side dish.    I could've sworn the mango drink was freshly made.  Great companion to the spicy dish.  Ah the sweet and spicy.  Between my date and I everything came up to about 30 bucks.   If we had came in just an hour earlier it would've been 20 because of the buffet.  Oh well next time.  And there will be a next time.  Check out the grocery store as well.  They cater to those who want to prepare their own Indian variations.  My hunny promises he will be my guinea pig.
Nice little lunch buffet at a fair price. They had a fantastic chick pea salad and I really liked the Tandori Chicken and rice pudding. I even got a $5.00 off coupon on their website, which made it a very economical lunch choice.
It was our first time here so we had to have the defaults to judge the quality.  Everything was well prepared and spiced well.  You can actually taste the flavor of the spices and the heat doesn't kick in till you stop eating.  Any other restaurant we can normally eat super spicey, but we went conservative of 4 out of 10 and that was perfect.  The food is hearty stick to your ribs.  Two dishes, a rice and two naans was enough food for three plus enough leftover for a fourth diner.  So even though the prices are a bite high, it works out in the end.  Mango Lassi - creamy and refreshing, not too sweet Chicken Masala - sauce was a little thick but well spiced Malai Kofta - sauce was a better consistency but was not a fan of the homemade cheese balls Peas Pulaou - ok Plain and Garlic Naan - both good but the garlic one kicks it up a notch.
It's a good lunch buffet and they don't take you to the cleaners.  I enjoyed the Chicken Tandoori and Curry Chicken,.  I would have preferred that they would have used boneless chicken but it was still good.  I also liked the rice pudding!  As my friend Jessica F stated, make sure you print the $5.00 coupon from their website!
I may be biased as this is the first Indian restaurant I've ever eaten at but I love it. My sister and I have "date night" here about once a month. We look forward to gorging on their delicious naan, chicken tikka masala, palak paneer and rice. Those dishes are so good, wonderfully flavored and full of awesome. I love spinach, my sister hates it. Once I got her to try the palak panner she was hooked! Now we fight over who gets the last piece of cheese. Their chicken tikka is the best I've had. The chicken is flavorful and the sauce has a creamy and silky texture, perfect to dip your naan in. We've also had their butter chicken and chicken curry. Both were excellent. They also offer traditional Indian dinners (vegetarian and meat) which have a little bit of everything. They're great for introducing Indian food to first timers. Oh, and the mango lassi is delicious! Since everything is a la carte it can get pricey, but the portions are generous. I have yet to try their lunch buffet.  It has a really nice atmosphere and is never overly crowded so you can have a nice conversation. The decor is also lovely. The staff is very friendly and helpful. They have a small market attached full of spices, medicines, bangles, hena kits and other various food items.  Really great restaurant!
Had the buffet.  Loved it!  Food was hot but not overcooked like so many buffets.  Will be back again.
We've recently moved to Phoenix and we've been looking for a fantastic Indian restaurant (and I think we've found it!)  The restaurant is nice, with nice decor. The service was friendly and quick. The waiter was a pro and we loved one to ten spicy-scale for our dishes. I ordered Veggie Korma, he got the Chicken Tikka Masala,  and we shared some Naan and the 'assorted snacks' (Vegetable Pakora, Samosa, Sheesh Kabab, Papadum). Everything was DELICIOUS. Giant food baby. We'll be back for the lunch buffet and we can't wait.
Great lunch buffet, for the price, you get a ton of different types of food to try.  The naan is great and piping hot.  I will say that their chicken tikki masala is not my favorite but overall for the ambiance, this place is super pretty and delicious!
Great, authentic, delicious Indian food.  We are always excited to make the trip over here, knowing we'll get some REAL Indian food.  The samosas, garlic naan, biryani, and lamb korma are among my favorites, and should always be had with a mango lassi.  Ah, perfection.    The only thing that is making me hesitant to give that last star is their lunch buffet.  Not the biggest selection - which wasn't a huge deal... still plenty to eat. The problem was the temperature of everything.  I was seriously afraid that I was going to get food poisoning (I didn't, thank goodness).  This can not be a safe temp to keep food at for more than 10 minutes!  Although, the husband claims that it is pretty much the same at all Indian buffets... you can tell, I usually just order off the menu wherever I go.    Definitely stick to the menu, and your experience will be 5-stars.  Attempt the buffet at your own risk...
I was handcuffed and forced to go back to this restaurant, and I'm really glad my captor took me here to re-experience. They don't have paneer tikka masala on the menu, but dining in was wayyyyy better than the crappy take out experience I had awhile ago. Some of the best vegetable pakoras live here, and I have no qualms about plucking them from their adorable serving tray and eating their faces off. Really buttery naan, so if you like butter as much as I do, you will be adequately sated.
This place was disappointing on different levels. First, the food was okay but not great. I thought the naan was below average and tasted more like flatbread than what naan is supposed to taste like. My dish was the chicken tikka masala and it just lacked flavor and any hint of spiciness. I did get the mango shake and it was truly excellent!  The waiter seemed quite inpatient throughout the night. On a couple instances he assumed what we meant instead of getting clarification; thus, bringing out the wrong thing. Then the restaurant turned off the music 10 minutes before closing and basically tried to rush us out. Seriously??? Not a way to keep business coming back! I mean, chill out... most of us were pretty much finishing up at that point so at least give the diners the courtesy of a full experience.  Too many better options to want to come back here...
Let me just preface this review by saying that it does pain me to write a negative review about almost any establishment in the valley.  Unfortunately for India Delhi, it has to be done.  Honestly, I have not dined inside this restaurant, my experience is purely from multiple take out orders over the past year.  Living in Arcadia and loving food as I do, I am lucky in the fact that I do not have to travel far to enjoy ethnic culinary delights that other cultures have to offer.  If your a foodie in the 21st century, Indian food is all over your radar.  India Delhi, found at 54th street and McDowell in Phoenix, fits the bill of almost every other Indian restaurant in the valley. Nice external building, clean looking restaurant and the normal tinctures related to that region of the world.    Always friendly and eager to take your order, the young gentleman at the front counter has never let me down in taking care of my to go order. Always checking each container to make sure it has the correct contents, etc.  On the Saturday I am referencing for this review, the young man was not there, but the owner and his wife were. In my opinion, Indian food is not a cheap venture. I always find myself wanting to try a dish as well as getting a staple that I know is going to be solid. When you add in the extra charge for rice(never included), yogurt sauce(not included), etc, the bill for myself and companion always tops $40.  I usually do not gripe as I know the quality will be there and I just love the food, what can I say.  On this Saturday though, something was different. This was evident from the moment I walked in the door, I could not put my finger on it, but something was just not vibing.  The owners wife(or co owner for all I know) was at the counter and asked if I wanted the buffet. I politely turned it down as I am not a fan of buffet food, especially with Indian cuisine.  I politely turned that down and proceeded to order tandoori chicken, saag paneer, chicken biryani, basmati rice and some naan.    What happened next is not something I will forget soon.  I watched as the owner walked out of the kitchen with the pan in hands and used the spinach for my saag paneer from the buffet.  The owners and my eyes met as he processed that I saw what he was doing.  In that moment, the owner sold and gave up all his culinary credibility. He proceeded to head back to the kitchen to use said items.    I waited for another fifteen minutes and took my order home.  What did I find? The chicken biryani, the only item I might add not in the buffet, was extremely hot, almost too hot to touch.  The saag paneer was warm at best. The tandoori chicken was a collection of small legs(customary for Indian buffets) and once again, not hot.  I knew what had happened and could not help feeling beyond annoyed with the situation.   Normally, I just deal with what is, I do not ever send food back and especially on to-go orders.  This time was different, I could not let it go.  I called the restaurant and without pause the owner got on, knowing exactly who I was and what the problem was. He put up a fight for around 20 seconds saying that he just used the spinach as a base for the saag paneer and what not, but then finally just apologized and said he would "make it right."    I do not really see myself going back here, but who knows.  This is a good excuse to venture out and try some more of the valleys offerings in this arena.
Lunch at the Dal House  For the ignorant, like me, there's a small plate for one or all of the several salads, a large plate for the entrees, and small bowl for the desserts.  Those tiny salad plates get full of everything fast.  My favorite feature - the store in the east end of the building.  I want to go back and pick upf a little henna for my Friday night henna painting parties and some of the foods that made my mouth water, for instance, cilartro and ginger.    You can have lunch however you like.  Spicy or not hot, meat or veggie.  Delhi Palace serves a good lunch buffet.  Speaking of service, I hate to whine and I realize it was a Lunch buffet, but I felt forgotten more than once.  It was one of three reasons.  My server was either a new hire or the bosses son, or human beings of the SIkh persuasion focus on service to humankind.  I got the bosses son.  My tough naan came in the middle of the meal while people around me were breaded while in the buffet line.  My ice tea was almost forgotten.  This place has beautiful decor.  A romantic place for a darkened corner meal for you and that special someone who loves Indian food.  You could curry up some real heat in this place.
Some the best Indian food in the valley. I am reluctant to give five star on any place, always being the explorer, but I would go 4 1/2 because there is not damn TV and the atmosphere is excellent
Excellent food, very authentic. We love the garlic naan and every main dish we have ever ordered have been flavorful and delicious.  We like the fact that each of us can order our own degree of spiciness.  The atmosphere is charming and the service has always been warm and friendly. We highly recommend the Indian Delhi Palace.
I  just ordered Malai kofta a vegetarian dish. The quantity was so little for the price and it was really salty. But the chicken biryani I ordered along  with it was not bad.  I still would not be ordering from this place again.
Stopped in for lunch, and it was definitely a solid "meh."  Lunch buffet is $8.99, which was a bit steep considering the lack of selections (only 2 chicken dishes, chicken curry and tandoori chicken, neither spectacular).  The vegetable curry was fine but again, nothing special, and everything else was quite bland.  I won't be returning.
My all time favorite at IDP Chicken Tikka Masala, Peas Rice & Garlic Naan!!! Yummm
I don't understand the low rating for this restaurant.   - Great ambiance relative to the numerous other Indian restaurants I have been to.  - Good service, water was refilled 3 times, naan was replaced immediately upon decimation.   - PRICE. With the yelp deal its incredibly cost effective to get full off of good indian food.   - The food was good, not great, not bad, but good.   Of course I always compare a meal relative to how much I paid. I paid $5 dollars for AYCE indian food that had a decent selection of food, all of which was delicious. For 5 bucks this place is as good as it gets.   Always review relative to how much you paid. If you rate this place any less than 3 stars you are truly a snob.
I was checking the reviews when I saw the yelp coupon and bought it! We ordered: Samosas, Chicken Tikka Masala ($10.99), palak paneer ($8.99-spinach and "cottage cheese"), and goat masala (11.99?).  I'm not a frequenter of Indian cuisine establishments so i can't really compare it to others but the chicken tikka masala was AMAZING! Palak Paneer was also great. The goat masala was good, not gamey at all! They definitely don't clean the bones away very well so be careful not to chip a tooth. Server was not overly friendly but good enough between him and the 2 bussers who were prompt to refill our waters from ordering a little too high on the spicy scale :)  I need to come back for the lunch buffet for $8.99 sometime!
Uh-May-Zing  This was my first time eating Indian food and I am now a new  fan of it! My cousin who loves Indian food and was visiting from LA said it was the best Indian food she has ever had! The location is cool because they give you a taste of the Indian style and culture from the moment you enter the parking lot where the building has a palace shape and their is a cool looking mural on the large wall. The inside is pretty nice and the Indian cultural theme continued here with a homely feel because it is owned by one family it seemed. The chicken masala I ordered was impeccable and just my taste at a level 6 spiciness and the garlic naan was mouthwatering with the yogurt dipping sauce. The place is pretty nice but there's no need to overdress here. Best part was that they offered a 15% Yelp check in discount! Also, they have an attached spice shop if you are interested.
A great restaurant.  The goat, chicken and Nan, are delightful.  Great service and authentic.  A must try.  If you like it spicy ask for hot.  Medium wasn't as spicy as I thought it would be.  Otherwise a perfect meal.
Great food and atmosphere. Had the mixed grill, a little bit everything on one piping hot plate.  Dessert was great too, always a fan of rice pudding.
This is place is AWESOME! Don't get why it's not rated higher. They have Delicious Vegetable Curry and really good lunch buffet. The Naan is off the HOOK. Everyone I know that has eaten here loves it and this place has been awarded by NEW TIMES as well. Seriously you should come here. I usually get take out because I have small kids but the service is always great and the food is Delicious.
Decent. The dishes are somewhat bland and seem to be not quite as authentic as I have had in the past. The curry was ok and the tikka masala, well Ive had better. The buffet is above average and as always the Naan was wonderful!
Quite pricey. I got the Tandori chicken and thought it was a meal (as most Indian places service it with rice or other sides).  But here, it was 4 pieces of chicken, and they weren't even whole pieces.  Like the breast was cut in half and counted as two pieces. Quite odd. And it was pricey for 4 "pieces" of chicken. First went here with a Groupon type deal.  Only go again because it is halfway to my friend's house and we meet up.
after a hard day of racing go karts at octane, we stopped in here for a lunch break.   it is sunday and they have a buffet for 10 bucks. i was quite impressed with the buffet offerings. there is chikpea salad (ok, not great), about 6 curry meat options, and 4 curry vegetable offerings along with the basmati rice, and 2 desert options.   i enjoyed all the veggie options. the curries were thick and full of lentils/spinach/potatoe, etc. the rice was fluffy, despite being in a buffet. even the pudding desert dish, with cashews and raisins was tasty. a bit sweet, but good.   there are about 6 chutneys and sauces to compliment your dish if you choose. i always like the yogurt ones. the achar was way too salty for me. our indian guest was well pleased and we took that as a good sign.   they passed the water glass test with flying colors. very formal interiors and the staff was quiet, yet polite and professional. a great dining spot for curry lovers. i have eaten off the menu before and thoroughly enjoyed it as well.
Awesome. Indian. Buffet.
Food was absolutely amazing! I got a carafe of cab and the non vegetarian dinner, which comes with a bit of everything. The chicken curry was by far the best curry I've eaten. But in all honesty everything from the naan to the rice to the pistachio ice cream and tea was amazing. I will definitely be back and often since the prices are pretty reasonable. I took one star off because the servers seemed bothered that we were there and weren't entirety helpful when we had questions, one server kept whispering everything then just basically walked away before seeing if we understood. Thankfully my friend was there who is a veteran Indian food eater and explained all the meal items to me.
We went here for lunch and got the buffet for around $10. The chickpea salad was ok, not the best I've had. I got a scoop of basmati rice and enjoyed all four veggie dishes (creamed spinach, spiced lentils, spiced cabbage and curried vegetables). The vegetable fritters would have been good if they were freshly put out, but they were cold and a little too hard/crunchy.  The multiple sauces were delicious and sort of fun to get a bunch of samples and try with your meal or dip with the naan bread. Oh, and the naan by the way was fantastic. They brought an order to the table and it must have just come out of the oven as it was super hot and toasty. Mmmmmmm There were two desserts on the buffet, a sweet "pudding" with almonds and cashews and a fried dough with honey.  Both were tasty, but again, I think the fried dough sat out a while so it was more chewy vs. crispy and the pile was all sticking together.  The service was prompt with removing our plates and refilling water glasses. All in all, very tasty food! I would've given 5 stars if it wasn't for a few of those buffet items being a bit stale.
Went to Phoenix today visiting our son.  One of our favorite things to do is to find new Ethnic Restaurants.  We had some chores to do in and around Scottsdale and were craving some good Indian lunch Buffet.  We had heard about this place being a tasty and reasonable place to eat.  Funny, we got there fairly early even before noon on a Friday and the parking lot was full.  A good sign.  We walked into a beautifully appointed clean place with white table cloths, red napkins and that was another pleasant surprise The price for the buffet is $8.95 per person and well worth that. They were constantly filling up the trays.    The salad was crispy lettuce, tomatoes with an assortment of Indian dressings, a chutney, and some other wonderful dressing.  The chick pea salad was so good that I devoured 2 plates of that.  They also had a large bowl of what looked to be taco chips.  However, they were homemade and so crunchy with Indian flavoring.  I could have just eaten that alone.  I was pretty stuffed at this point.  The main dishes were Tandoori chicken, Curry chicken with a great sauce.  Another curry dish with potatoes and onions.   Of course rice and paneer which was also yummy.  A couple of simosa fritters which were a little tough but was still tasty.  Three different deserts.  Rice pudding was great to take the bite out of some of the moderately spicy  dishes.  Also a carrot pudding which if your'e Jewish reminded me of Tsimis. Not sure how to spell it.    There was also like a sponge cake ball fried crispy.  I just threw that into the rice pudding to end the meal.  The place was packed by the time we left about 1.30PM or so.  Lots of business people enjoying some heavenly treats.  Good price, good service.  What more can one ask for. No dinner for me tonight.
I'm not biased when I say, humble little joint but great North Indian food. Have been here for years, buffet and dinner and always come out very satisfied with no issues. Remember, it's all about the food here and not the atmosphere although it is clean and friendly. It may be a bit dimly lit at some of the tables or booths but they will rectify it if you bring it to their attention. The owner Anil is always happy to have you back and he'll make sure you are pleased. It's located in a partially vacated strip mall on the southwest corner of 28th drive and Bell Rd. just one light west of the I-17 frwy. You might still have to squint to spot it from your car, on the inside corner of the elbow. Follow your nose once you exit your car,you can't miss it. Take some home...it's always a tad better the next day..besides you're home too!!
I went here for lunch on a Sunday. The parking lot had quite a few cars, but I got right in. :-)   I got the buffet and had the chick peas salad (very good), chicken tikka masala (flavor was great, but the chicken was slightly dry), goat masala (this was amazing), and their tandoori chicken (which was some of the best I have had). Overall a great lunch.   Would have done 5 stars if it wasn't for the dry chicken tikka.
Seriously guys, adding a bunch of spices to cooked rice with lamb is NOT how you make biryani.  Oh, and who places green bell peppers to biryani?  I'm not sure what I was eating but with each bite, I asked myself loads of questions:  "Is this what I paid $13 for?" "Why did I pay $13 for this?" "Why am I sitting in my car, on my way to the Phoenix Sky Harbor airport, eating this spice flavored rice with not lamb?" "What is this big black thing that looks like a beetle.  Oh, its just a cardamom?" "When I asked the guy who gave this to me for some raita (Indian yogurt condiment), why was he  saying that was going to be extra when it is always customary (and FREE) to hand that out with the biryani?" "Should I finish this or no?  I need to finish this, I paid 13 freakin dollars for this - that's why!"  Then, the cycle of questions would start all over again and if that is not torture, I'm not sure what is.
Our entrees didn't seem freshly prepared, especially my Chana Masala that looked like some dry, clustered up entree leftover from a lunch buffet.  I've never seen Chana Masala lump up like that unless it was my leftovers at home.  Garlic naan was average.  Prices were reasonable, but EXCLUDED rice.  Restrooms were deplorable.  Not sure I'll be back again anytime soon.
I like. I don't get over here that often, but when I do, I always have a good meal. With restaurants that vary their spice levels according to your taste, it's always nice when you find one where your medium hot corresponds to their medium hot and so on. Too many times I've ordered 4/5 for spicy and gotten a 2/5 of 6/5 (yes, that's a thing that can happen). Their naan is delicious, always served hot and fresh baked. The Madras Shrimp are great if you can take the heat, if not, the butter chicken is everything butter chicken should be. Mango kulfi for dessert! Or gulab jamun, as fun to say as it is to eat.
I think a lot of people might get this place confused with "Delhi Palace Cuisine of India" (which is on University, near ASU). That place - avoid avoid avoid.  This place - must go. This is a place that serves really good North Indian food, kind of Pakistani style, if you ask me, and it's really spicy and really good. They'll even give you chili peppers if you ask them to notch up the awesomeness even further.  This place has great service. Came here with my dad near closing time and they still seated us and let us order, even with only 15 minutes or so until closing. Food was hot and fresh even at the late hour. We were keeping the staff from closing up yet everyone was still extremely friendly and helpful, and of course we left a sweet tip.  The food here is amazing, anything you can point to on the menu is awesome and delivered fresh to your table. Now, I have never foot the bill myself, so of course I'm biased, but the prices seem reasonable to me, especially for a dinner for two or more.  I read in another review that the rice was crappy. No idea what that means and no, it's not free, grow up. Rice was somewhat dry but hey, it's rice, you eat it with something else.  Every time I've been here they have quickly seated my group. The waiters are prompt but not perpetually hanging around - fantastic service, although you *might* need to remind them for water once or twice. Food is extremely (OK, it can be extremely) spicy.
Food is always great and the service is very attentive... We'll go back another day.
Tongue is dancing in delight as my cravings have been satisfied with perfectly seasoned spiciness.
Excellent food, great staff - it's family run.  Good atmosphere.
Haven't been here in ages, but went with a friend on Sunday. The weekend buffet is when to go -- more items than weekday. I would give this place 5 stars if it had a few more items, but all the dishes are good! Nice atmosphere, nice tables, and attentive service. I'm actually awarding 4 1/2 stars.  My inside skinny:  The carmelized onions with the tandoori chicken are yummy! They also have a goat dish that's very good ---- WATCH OUT FOR BONES, CHEW CAREFULLY. Sometimes the bones are obvious, sometimes small.  This is one of the best Indian restaurants in the PHX valley, and they have awards on the wall to prove it. I'm not the only one saying this. I think there are only a few places in the valley for Indian food for me (but I haven't been to every one in the valley) -- this place, The Dhaba in Tempe on Apache, and one other that has a great buffet but I haven't been there in years because it's far away. Somewhere in Mesa perhaps?
One word... CHICKEN TIKKA MASALA!  Ok...it's one word if you say it like I do. I like to say it fast so I can hurry up and get past the ordering part and on to the eating part.  This place is awesome. I ordered samosas, garlic naan, mixed grill (tandoori oven cooked variety of meats) and chickentikkamasala *giggle*. The mixed grill was good, but the naan and the masala was the highlight. I had to slap the hubby's hands to keep him from eating the whole thing...ok...by 'slap' I mean I may or may not have skewered his fingers with the fork, pinned them to the table and gleefully devoured the tender saucy piece of chicken as he sniffled something about needing an ambulance...we're so playful.   DISCLAIMER: *No hubbies were actually harmed or manhandled before, during, or after the consumption of the delicious items procured from I.D.P. The improvised narrative describing the dinner-eating portion is fictional...the tastiness of the items we ordered is factual.
came here last Saturday night with a friend. the food is very good and you get a large portion - I had leftovers for lunch the next day. my only gripe is that the naan was a little more burnt/crispy than I like. I will be back to try their weekend buffet though.
Big bunch of family over so we created our own buffet!  Shrimp biryani, veggie biryani, tandoori shrimp and tandoori chicken, chicken tikka masala, palak paneer, samosas, raita, and lots of naan (plain, cheese and garlic).  Everyone loved the chicken...which I don't eat, but others said it was good.  I loved both biryanis and the paneer with raita over it.  I also loved the naan dipped in masala sauce! SO glad it's close to home!
I am hoping for a little bit of London here in Phoenix with this Indian Resturant. Fingers crossed!!!!
While leaving Scottsdale to drive home, the hubby and I found this place randomly without me Yelping. (Which I never do now that Yelp and I have such a deep and intimate relationship.) But lo and behold, it wasn't so bad! It wasn't the best or varied Indian lunch buffet ever, but the food was right on, the veggies were good, the mango lassi was yummy, and the naan was spot on. My only  complaint was that I was cold the whole time. But that was probably just me. Good place for a lunch buffet here in Phoenix.
Very satisfying fix for my travel-induced Indian food craving. Delicious lamb biryani and an eggplant dish the name of which I can't recall. Attentive, perhaps slightly pushy service. Definitely recommend.
I've only had Indian curry chicken once in Singapore which was a very negative experience.  One bite and I was unable to talk for a few minutes.    After 20 years, thought it was time to try again.  Found Indian Delhi Palace  on Yelp.  The reviews seem generally positive.  Dropped by on a Saturday evening to try it out.  The restaurant was about 2/3 full.  Two wait staff were also covering the reception station resulting in a low level frantic pace.  That is primarily the reason for not giving five stars.  Our waiter was quick and to the point.  I told him this was the first time to try Indian food.  He suggested the dinners that included a combination of dishes.  He asked how spicy on a scale of 10 we wanted.  I said about a 5.  He suggested maybe a 3 to start.  Probably was a good suggestion.  Not much time for questions before he was gone with our order.    The dinner included Indian milk tea (Chai) which I really enjoy at Starbucks anyway.  It had more spice flavor than the Starbucks concentrate version.  A nice improvement.  While a little picky, my cup of tea was spilled into the saucer.  Not sure why it was served that way.  I dribbled on the white table cloth every time I picked up the cup.  The tea was good though.  Questions about the food served were sort of answered.  The waiters were too busy to spend much time with amateur questions.  Guess I need to find an Indian to dine with next time.  Not really sure what I ate or the main ingredients in each item.  Everything tasted good.  Next time I will order individual items from the menu so I will know what I'm eating.    So, good food, will try again, but waiters were too busy to be of much help to Indian cuisine newbe's.
Still as good as it has been for the two decades that I have been going to Indian Delhi Palace.
This is my favorite Indian restaurant in the Phoenix area. They have a grocery on the side and they are obviously very authentic. Their veggie koorma, chicken curries, and tandoori are excellent and all served with their lunch buffet, along with their superb naan.  The buffet is probably the best buffet I've ever had, since they are usually populated with cheap meats, and mass produced sauces. This place is excellent, and every dish oozes real Indian spice and care.    Very highly recommended, though I've only tried them for lunch and don't know how and if their dinner would be different.
As I'm crusin' from PHX airport to my hotel, I randomly see a sign for this Indian restaurant and immediately hit the brakes and make a U-turn to stop in for lunch!  I had my doubts, really I did.  I don't ever do Indian buffets because its guaranteed to disappoint me so I opted for the regular menu.  Delicious shrimp madras is what I got (extra spicy) and garlic naan...yummy, yum, YUM!
Had the Sunday buffet which had quite a spread much of which tasted just fine. Three different types of desserts. The samosas were not kept warm which was a bummer. I also should not have to ask to have my water filled or wait some time for plates to be cleared. Service was not as attentive as I would like but the food was pretty good.
Good flavors, good service, Interesting dishes odd pakora.  Walk in and you will see nicly set tables with table cloths and cloth napkins. There is a buffet with plates behind. This makes it a bit confusing as to which end to start at.  I started with some pakoa and mint chutney. The pakoa was the low point of my meal as it was oddly hard as if it were fried twice.  Moving on the the food at least the veg items. There was a Palak dish which had great spice as well as some cabbage dish that was miss labeled  and full of great flavor and textures I went back for more. The chana masala was also quite good spiked with many fresh veggies in sauce.   I am a big fan of their naan bread, it tasted as if it was made in a fire tandori, it really complemented the meal.  If you are in this area of town give it a try.
we discovered this place while wanting to meet up with some friends on a friday after work. the actuall resturaunt looks great but the location is in a rough neighbor hood in ph. the food was great i'd definetly go back for the shrip curry ... the one negative.. i didn't appreciete the waitors smug comment about how much food we were ordering... last i checked we were paying for it so i think we can order as much as we want.
Based on the reviews went here for Lunch, they had Buffet with one Meat and 3-4 vegetarian dishes for around $10.  Tried palak paneer but the paneer(cheese) itself  was missing the dish, it was like having chicken curry without chicken. Long story short the food lacked the taste that you find in good Indian cuisine...
I've been here twice on trips to Scottsdale and the food is pretty good, but the service is terrible!  The waitstaff is not attentive or helpful in the slightest! For the price, I would expect better service. The lunch buffet is better than dinner because you don't have to rely in the waitstaff. They seem to have a fly problem, flies kept landing on my food, my face, and one got stuck in my water. If you've got endless time to wait for you food and can handle a waitstaff that acts like they have better things to do, then this is the spot for you! Otherwise, go elsewhere.
We used to love this place, but the food has gone way downhill. I ordered the Vegetable Korma, and it looked like they used a bag of frozen mixed vegetables - it had corn and green beans in it, something I've never seen in any other Korma dish I've had. We also ordered the garlic naan, but it hardly had any garlic on it at all and tasted like it was reheated. I'm very sad because we used to go here all the time, but we won't be eating here anymore.
They did not make a great first impression and I don't think I will be back.  I took some friends to try Indian food for the first time. The service was not good at all. We had to go to the kitchen to get service for our drink orders. My friends enjoyed the food although I have had better.  But the naan was good.
This place was phenomenal, the food was amazing. They catered to me which was amazing. I can't handle spicy food and they took that into great consideration when I asked what they had that was not only low on spiciness but also vegetarian. I thoroughly enjoyed my meal there.
The appearance and cleanliness of this place is really nice, however there isn't hardly any variety what so ever for there buffet. There is one table of food and that's it and most of there food was cold and tasted exactly like those canned foods that you buy at the grocery store. Price is outrages for what they offer as I went to golden corral with my spouse, and spent the same amount, exact same and got a ton and I mean a ton of options, and best of all there food tastes great! Sadly I do not and would not recommend this place to anyone. If you are looking for a buffet try golden corral or the mandarin, but don't be lured in by the appearance of this Indian place as you will leave disappointed.
Came with friends and ordered med hot for all our dishes, they were fantastic! Everything we ordered was delicious! Ask me what we ordered and i couldn't tell you, we asked the waiter to order for us!!! He brought a great selection. Now the wait staff were really in need of some customer skills training. sorry to say but true. Our older gentleman waiter seemed annoyed with us because we really had no idea as what to order. Sorry. it was our first time. and next door to the place is their store where you can buy goodies, just make sure to check all expiration dates before you purchase anything. Will definitely go back, this was a wonderful out of the ordinary place to have some amazingly different food.
Cockroach on table (and a neighboring table). Lamb super mealy. Wine bottle "opened" in back and then brought to table with cork from another bottle. No apologies. Just arguments. You've been warned.
All I have to say is - I'm a punjabi and I endorse this message.  Portfolio - Chicken Tikka Masala, Chana Masala, Palak Paneer. garnished with courteous service. A gem in the middle of this desert.
I believe this is probably the best Indian food in the valley.
I'm not a huge fan of Indian food, but I do believe that's because I was probably eating at bad places. This place has converted me! I had the Lamb Korma and my hubby had the Butter Chicken. Everything was very flavorful! The establishment is very clean and very authentic. Our service lacked, slow and didn't ask us for drinks etc, but they were very friendly regardless. We will definitely be going back to try more!
The food is delicious, but the prices are WAY TOO HIGH for the small portion sizes. I feel robbed when I spend $50 on dinner for two people and probably $7 of that was their actual food cost, if that. Look at it this way... for $10 you get their lunch buffet that has naan, rice and an assortment of foods (all you can eat). But when you order food to go, they charge for every single item... $10 for each entry, $2.5 for naan, $3 for rice, etc. It adds up quick and all of that is at cheap cost for them, so their margins are huge! It's a ripoff, but the food is -like I said- delicious.
B day party here Sunday buffet and they really tended to our table. We never had to wait for refills or naan they kept our table clear. The food is the best in town and I'll be back soon.
Just moved to this area and tried this place for the first time. Lovely, attentive staff and nice interior. The food was amazing. We had samosas, chicken tikki masala, curry shrimp and garlic naan. I can't wait to go back and try more dishes. A little pricey (never had to order rice seperately) but worth it.
Don't be put off by the fact that they're super rude on the phone, it's probably cultural, and the food is totally worth it! Have eaten almost every vegetarian dish on the menu and d*mn do they do it right! Amazing flavor, spice level is pretty precise. If ur going to get a 7/10 you'll need a water standing by, other than that its amazing spices as you requested.  Bf is in love with the Mixed Grill- as a non meat eater I have to say: it looks and smells AMAZING! And per his review its the best things he's ever eaten. A little pricey at 18$ but he says its worth it. Watching him eat it- I completely agree. :)  Been eating here for the past 3 years and even though the customer service has yet to take a giant step forward I still keep stepping through their doors, inhaling those delicious spices, picking up my 'to go' order and grinning like a thief as I enjoy it for days and days to come. :)
Great food. Great service. Give it a shot!
Needed a spot close to the airport. After reading reviews was skeptical but since we were going early gave it a shot. The food was fabulous and the big shocker was the service was excellent! Many reviews found the service horrible. We were very happy with our meal here and would return.
Been here almost a dozen times. Good service. Open later than a lot of Phoenix restaurants.  Never crowded or noisy.  We are always trying something different and have never been unsatisfied.  Every dish is full of  intense flavor.  A must try!!!
I love the ambiance and think its cool that there is a bar there too.  The owner is very gracious and accomodating.  The food was very fresh and I like spicy...which is how they made the food.  I like the Bollywood videos and the ornaments around the room.  Very comfortable and good food!
Now this comes from a foodie Indian..The management just changed...and the food got worse. The food got worse but the service got a little better than earlier. The butter chicken is way off and was sweet and the Buffet wasn't that impressive. Although,I would recommend you go there for the buffet, because of the varieties offered.
OK so maybe I'm just a simple Scandanavian man, with an easily pleasable palette. But judging by other yelp reviews, my first FOI experience stands alone. I get a kick out of most Thai/Indian/Asian strip mall restaurants. The decor is pretty tacky. So, I tend to get my chow to go. I had the friendliest, most helpful lady guide me through the menu. We picked out a vindaloo, a tandoori, 2 orders of naan, some veggie fritters and a tikka masala.  Vindaloo 2 stars Tandoori 3 stars Masala 5 stars Fritters 0 stars ughhh  Naan 5 stars King Fisher Beer 10 stars...can I do that? Service 5 stars False ceiling with stains 1 star To go boxes and packaging on full display behind bar 1 star Decor...Bollywood meets flea market meets storage room Well, as they say in India, um, hmmm...I don't really know what they say in India. So, I settle for see you later yelpers!
When I lived in the area, I would come by here for dinner, and occasionally lunch.  The buffet at lunch is ok.  Nothing stands out and grabs you and says "THIS IS THE BEST THING I HAVE EVER TASTED", but by far none of it is bland.  It is a buffet so my bar is not incredibly high.  For dinner, I have never been disapointed.  The curry is spicy, the masala is sweet and delicious.  My only true complaint about the place is the decor and the music.  I have come in on a few occassions and the place looks dirty, or the Bollywood Best is cranked up to the point of annoying.
This place had a hard time keeping up with the modest lunch crowd when I was there.   There were 3 buffet items that were totally out.  Not good since there were only a limited number of items to begin with.  I thought the taste was off, not my type of Indian food. No spice and no heat. Blah.  Come on, it''s a buffet and it's lunch.  Nobody has time to wait around for a piece of tandoori chicken.  Buh bye.
This restaurant is good and close, which is why we frequent it. Not the best Indian I have ever had, but still damn good. The decor is pretty standard, they have a full bar and a couple of TVs, one in the dining area playing Indian music videos which are always fun to watch. The staff is very friendly and attentive. The menu is pretty traditional, as far as Indian goes, Naans, Jasmine rice and Vindaloo, Tandoori, Masala, etc., with plenty for vegetarians and carnivores. Dinner is always good and the lunch buffet is not bad, either. The prices are reasonable and there is never a wait. As many times as I have been here I have never had a bad experience. Give it a try and see what you think.
Our family really enjoys Flavors of India.  The paneer tikka masala is awesome.  I am also a fan of the onion kulcha and poori (bread options that really compliment the meal).  The aloo gobi is quite good too.  But the paneer ticka masala....that's the best. Yum.  I have not cared for the lunch buffet much.  I prefer to order my favorites off the menu.
Time has not been kind to Flavors of India.  I just went back for dinner after a couple of years of inadvertently overlooking this place.  It appears that the management has changed and FOI is not better for it.  Perhaps the lunch buffet is still a good deal for the quality and quantity of the food they serve.  For dinner, it's offensive to charge $.99 for a side of rice to go with an order of Chicken Tikka Masala.  It's not an issue of the cost, but the principle of the matter.  Obviously, I'm going to order the rice.  Just up the price of all the dishes by a buck and throw us a bone with "free" rice.  And nearly $3 for a bowl of soupy Raita?  They need to change the name of this place to Nickel and Dime.         Farewell, Flavors of India, farewell!
I woke up late on a Saturday, and I was craving Indian food! To my relief, it was almost lunch time! I remembered that there was an Indian restaurant close to me that I had been meaning to try. I headed to Flavors of India to try their lunch buffet. I walked in and I was immediately greeted. I noted the Bollywood videos playing in the background, I love those dang videos. The host was also my waiter. He invited me to help myself to the buffet. I'm not one of those people that knows the names of each and every dish. As I write this I'm kicking myself for not taking notes. As a whole, the buffet was a-ok. Nothing in particular knocked my socks off. I did notice that nothing was powerfully flavorful. It was kind of a "safe" seasoning restaurant. I would visit Flavors of India again. There was plenty of food, the buffet had a lot of variety, and the service was good!
I have had excellent luck with this place by always following the same formula.  Order mid-week, get the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Lamb Kwarma, order both at least medium, preferably spicy.  Ask for an extra side of rice, I have always gotten it at no extra charge and the portion of entree does require more rice.  Always order Garlic Naan, probably two orders.  This method will easily feed six people, or yourself for a couple days. I can't comment on the complaints expressed by others, as I have never tried Flavors of India their way. My way, I have always been on the verge of food romance pants explosion.
We went with friends who love this place.  Incredibly friendly and patient service that presents fabulous, spicy cuisine from India.  Worth trying for a relaxing and sensational dinner.
Yay! I'm a fan. Not an original comment, but it describes my sentiments. I think the place is pretty authentic -- without leaving with a smell of curry.   I love the Tikka Kabab Kandhari (boneless chicken comes out a-la-fajitas-style - sizzling with onions) and I order Nan and a side of the yogurt cucumber sauce. Then I make myself Nan tacos. (I hope I'm not making anyone cringe - but it's great and there's no food better than one you can eat with your hands!)   The location is odd, but I guess, after 3 years of being out here, I'm getting use to restaurants being in strip malls. The price of the food is reasonable - especially for dinner.   I took one of our Australian friends, who had recently moved to the States from London. He loved the food, and was thoroughly engage in a conversation with our waiter about cricket. (I kinda zoned out and watched the Bollywood music videos until they finished.)   Great place. Try it!
What can I say? I've been coming here for years for a reason... The food is fabulous. Lunch time buffet for $10 all you can eat. The best tandoori and mango losi you will ever have. The atmosphere is perfect. Indian TV is soooo cool. ;)  I'll be coming back again and again.
The outside is a blah building, & the few windows have the blinds drawn.  Once you enter, though, you see a very pleasant, somewhat "upscale" mid-sized restaurant that is quiet, a little dark, & almost full of people at lunchtime (as it should be!).  When I entered, a friendly host greeted me, & seated me in a totally comfortable booth.  Right away, my drink appeared, along with a basket of tasty naan bread.  There was salad, about 10 hot dishes, & a couple of dessert items on hand.  All the food was labeled, & all of it was delicious.  My whole experience at Flavors of India was excellent!  Weekday lunch buffet:  $9.23
Lunch is a great deal at Flavors of India: buffet style with an excellent variety of food. Dinner is more expensive. Their food is very good except for anything with beef in it. Honestly, you can't expect a culture that believes cows are sacred to know how to cook beef for American diners. Theirs is boiled to the texture of tough shoe leather every time. So, avoid the beef. Everything else is delicious and you can't go wrong.
I have to start out this review by saying I never had Indian food before I ate here, so I didn't feel I could give it a fair review until I tried a few others around town first.  Well, now that I have, I have to say that "Flavors Of India" is the best Indian Food in Phoenix, bar none!  First off, when you walk into an ethnic food restaurant, and the place is filled with people of the same ethnicity, and the place is really quiet because everyone is busy enjoying their food, you know it's a good place to eat.    Is it a bad thing when the host/manager recognizes you when you walk in... and remembers your order?  You'd think we eat there a lot or something.  I've found my favorite dish is the Chicken Tikka Masala, medium spicy and if you like shrimp, the Shrimp Tikka Masala is just as yummy!  We usually order a side of the Paneer Kulcha (unleavened bread stuffed with Indian style cheese), which is wonderful to sop up the extra yummy sauce after you are finished.  Portion sizes don't appear to be too large, but we always have leftovers.  And it's always better the second day too!  The service is top notch, the food is excellent, and the best part of the dining experience is the Bollywood music videos playing on the flat screen!  Dinner and Entertainment all in one!  FTW!!!  I can't wait to go back!
This is my new favorite Indian restaurant.  Anywhere.  I had the lunch buffet, which was delicious, and after that I have mostly ordered Palak Paneer with naan and rice.  Their's is fantastic!  So delicious!  I love this place because it tastes so good, and because it is close to home, but the reason this place stands out among its peers is the service.  This place has really, really good service by any standard.  Waters get refilled promptly, waiters are helpful.  Orders are accurate and the staff is really friendly.    Yay!
I try to judge a place by how good it is at what IT does and what they do they do well here. In terms of quick and affordable buffet Indian eateries they seem to have it down.   I work in the area and often need a break from the Biltmore and Esplanade fare. When I head over here I tell the guys in the office and I always have a couple jump to go with me. The guests' first reaction is the same every time; we pull into the strip mall and skeptically get out eyeing the place which is unassuming on the outside to say the least. We open the door and walk in and you get the inevitable, "Wow it smells good in here". You are shown your table and asked for your drink order and then asked to help your self. You will find 8-10 entree dishes + salads, chutney and desert waiting for you that has all been consistently fresh hot, well prepared and thankfully light on the heavy cream that all Indian places pour into every dish to make the, um... crackers eat exotic foods. They bring fresh Naan bread (included) to your table and have a full menu available as well.   The place is owner run and they are polite and attentive. Indian movie dance scenes run the background on a TV set a volume that does not interfere with your conversation and you can get in and out quick between meetings if you need to. Your guests who picked carefully on their first trip return to the table with a second, full, plate and eat until they complain they ate too much because it was so good. Lunch for 2 with iced-tea is about $22 - quite deal as well.
When I lived in Phoenix this was the favorite destination for Buffet of anyplace in town. Always economical and delicious. Reasonably good service and air conditioned. The dining room can be quiet and intimate when the place isn't in buffet mode and is reasonable for a date.
This is the first Indian restaurant we've tried in Phoenix since we moved here from Washington, D.C. I wouldn't say it was the best I've had (nothing tops the Clay Oven restaurant in Frederick, MD-we may be biased because of a huge indian community there), but it was good enough to suit us. We're vegetarians-we ordered the eggplant dish and lentils dish, both which were tasteful.  The naan bread was a bit too crusty compared what we've tried before. The samosas  were unusually small, but good-I liked the spices they used on them.  The huge plus was they put fresh herbs on the dish.  The prices were reasonable for two dishes, and we had plenty to left over to bring home. I was fairly entertained by the Bollywood playing on the tv. (I just LOVE bollywood dancing!).
This isnt the most imaginative Indian buffet, but I like it for several reasons. Reasonably tasty fare, pleasant buffet service and AYCE prices around $9-10, but what I really appreciate is the subdued and somewhat elegant atmosphere, just a quarter mile south of the big do on Camelback.   There's a ton of busy Camelback restaurants, but it seems the choice is often between fast food, pizza or pricey event dining in the Biltmore or Esplanade. Flavors of India provides a relaxing, comfortable middle ground - sit down dining with real china and stemware at very affordable prices. That fills a niche this area needs.    Everybody forgets this place is right around the corner. It's rarely crowded and there's something comforting about getting out of the sun and the bustle and settling into FOI's dark environs for a leisurely Indian meal. The drink service. The naan. Chafing dishes being replenished. It's a gentle rhythm that suits me and nothing seems hurried like the corporate factories up the street. The people here seem to appreciate that you went a little out of your way to stop in, too.  I always leave feeling I've gotten my money's worth, and frankly, a little rejuvenated.   If you live in Mesa, I dont recommend making a special trip to find FOI.  It's not that good. But if you're in the neighborhood, stressed out from shopping and traffic, it's a soothing alternative, a bit off the beaten path.
I'm giving this place a generous 4 stars because the food is actually very tasty. I've been here twice now, and I'm never disappointed. Indian food has to be on the top of my list for favorite cuisines, and I am sad to say there aren't many or any great Indian restaurants that I have found in Phoenix. Flavors of India, however, seems to satisfy my palate. I enjoy the chicken tikka masala every time. I have also tried the curry chicken, which is also very tasty. The chicken is very fresh and tender, both the light and dark meat. The naan is a bit flat and not soft or chewy enough for my taste, but it does its job. I really enjoy their basmati rice. It's not the most elaborate or flavorful I've ever had, but for some reason, I'm drawn to it, and even crave it. There's no saffron or cloves; it's a bit on the simple side, and just a tad bit sticky. The samosas are decent, although I have had better. If you are in the mood for some Indian food, and this place is close by, I suggest you head on over. Prices are reasonable. Two can eat for 30 bucks, including multiple appetizers. The food is prepared quickly. It's not the prettiest of restaurants but it has it's interesting Indian decor with a twist of Mexican thrown in. At least that's my impression. I don't like that they are closed on Sundays, since that's when I typically like to eat Indian food. The quantity is definitely sufficient, and you will have left overs, unless you like to "pig out."   Try it, you'll probably like it!
The buffet is wonderful.  A wide assortment of Indian food at about $10.00 per person.  The chicken dishes are simply terrific.  They also provide bread on the table and a fountain drink for $1.00.  The decor is inviting and the staff are nice.  I recommend.
Let me start by saying I'm not a huge Indian food fan, but I am addicted to their garlic naan, and spicy vegi dal... Mmmmmm.
Quite the ironic name for this restaurant.  I think their name should start the term "Americanized" or "subdued." The dishes on the lunch buffet were standard but they lacked the vigor that good Indian food has.   I have gone here a few times for lunch with co workers, the vegetarian selection is decent. The fried items can be a bit soggy from sitting out too long.  The lunch buffet now is topping $10 which is pretty steep of a mediocre lunch. I feel like there should be a discount at places like this for vegetarians. The Naan, and water is brought tot you by a server so you may feel the need to tip on top of the buffet price.   There is the stereotypical bollywood music videos playing on the TV, with their psychedelic colors and lavish garb. Many of the serving trays make extensive use of aluminium foil which I doubt meets health code.
Unlike other reviewers, I didn't like the buffet, though my friends from work think it's a good value. However, I've been going for dinner to Flavors of India for nearly three years now, and have ALWAYS liked the food. FOI is my first choice for Indian cuisine in Phoenix, out of the four other Indian restaurants in the valley I've tried.   Yes, FOI is in a strip mall, but once inside, the ambiance is pleasant. It seems quite clean, I never got sick from anything I ate there (that's saying a lot, as I admit to being a fussy eater), and the waitstaff is helpful. Bollywood videos on the large flat-screen wall display in the corner are an unusual feature, but the volume is low or completely muted, so you can watch or choose not to, it isn't distracting.   (Here's a footnote about that: I ate at FOI on the night of the presidential primary election. My dining companion noticed that most of the waitstaff was gathered around the TV in the bar, watching electoral results, so he asked our waiter if we could watch too. After getting the enthusiastic okay from the two other occupied tables, it was quite late in the evening, silent Bollywood was replaced by live news coverage with volume turned on).  Regarding the food: I love their mattar paneer (cooked peas in a tasty curried gravy, with small cubes of homemade mild-tasting cheese).  My super-spicy friend gets the lamb vindaloo (super-spiced as he requests).  Tandoori shrimp, chicken and tikka masala are good though a bit pricier, the samosa appetizer (lightly battered and deep-fried cut vegetables) is fresh, warm and crunchy. Regular and garlic nan bread are everything they should be, biryani rice is overpriced (I'd stick with basmati rice as a side dish), and sweet lassi (a well-chilled dairy drink, similar in taste and consistency to a vanilla yogurt smoothy) is a nice treat. My spicy friend says his gin-and-tonic was weak, and they don't have ingredients to make a Bloody Mary, but hey, FOI is an Indian restaurant, so I can't fault them too much for that!   Other pluses: open a bit later than many Phoenix restaurants (seating ends at 9:30 pm); very fast with takeout orders; there's lots of parking; the 16 North bus stop is nearby; silverware, glasses, white cotton tablecloths and napkins are always spotlessly clean.
I haven't been to the buffet.  I like the dinner menu a lot, and the Bollywood videos.  Quick tip most Indian restaurants will serve the mild version for us Westerners unless you specifically ask otherwise.  I can't blame them given the bland tastes of most Sonorans.  My mom actually had a conversation with an Indian woman recently about this place.  The woman said that she kept trying other restaurants but kept coming back to this one because of the authenticity.  I consider that a pretty good recommendation.  Although I imagine what is considered "authentic Indian food" varies from one region of India to another.
I truly love Indian food and I wanted to like this place more, but I ultimately couldn't. I wound up at the lunch buffet and didn't think too much of it. The dishes at the buffet really lacked the oomph that I am so used to at Indian restaurants, and unless the pot was personally stirred, some of the dishes were room temperature. As far as pricing, it wasn't too bad; it was just around $10.   After reading other reviews (Mainly Lisa O's) I would consider trying this place after the buffet is put away. But until then, I'll probably just be staying away.
I have been CRAVING Indian food lately and after hearing about FOI from a coworker and reading the reviews here, I decided to try it out for lunch. Ok it is a buffet, I knew that, but I have been to some very good Indian buffets. When I walk into any ethnic restaurant and I see people of the same ethnicity of the restaurant eating there I get excited. It must be good right?   This table must have been family and eat for free because I have had better. The naan was just ok, the Tandoori chicken, meh (well I have never been a big fan of this anyway because almost anywhere it is usually just dry bland chicken to me). The butter chicken type dish with tomatoes, was ok but looked like they added red food coloring. I enjoyed the flavor of the meatball dish, the palak dish was bland. Honestly the only other dish I found interesting other than the meatballs was the Carrot "pudding" which was sauteed sweet minced carrots, went back twice just for that. The sweet rice was ok, it had raisins and coconut.  I generally prefer it without either.  I may go try it one more time and order off the menu for dinner. Give it a fair chance before completely ruling it out.
So on the spur of the moment, I decided to stop into Flavors of India for lunch today as I was driving by... I love Indian food. And with just a couple of exceptions, haven't found much of it in the Phoenix area that I would categorize as great tasting. Unfortunately, this place fell more into the norm of Phoenix Indian food than not.  I wasn't that it tasted bad... It just wasn't particularly awesome or memorable. Excluding the couple of saving graces of the aloo tiki (fried potato & Indian cheese fritters) & kheer (rice pudding), the food was just meh. And with a $10 price tag for the lunch buffet, I think that there are definitely better places for me to spend my lunchtime.
This is a pleasant Indian restaurant. During the week they have a lunch buffet for ten bucks. It has limited offerings and is not especially spicy, but nevertheless the food is tasty & I managed to get my fill!  The staff is pleasant, which is a plus for an Indian restaurant.
so the wife and I love to get Indian buffet at this place. The food is always fresh, the service is always good and BONUS*** They always play those Indian music videos with everybody dancing!!!    I prefer doing the buffet thing because I only know a few dishes that I like. It's about $10 a person, and you will not leave hungry. The Tandoori chicken here is the best I've ever had and they have plenty of vegetarian dishes, if that's your bag. I sometimes get buffet takeout, and eat Indian food all day for about $10. If your looking for some good Indian food or never tried it and are looking for some variety, this is the place!
I love, love, love this place. The service is always wonderful, the food is consistently delicious, and my husband loves the BollyWood videos. How can you go wrong?
I love this place. They have such great food, i leave satisfied every visit. The foods delish, the staff is friendly, and the decor is awesome.  Could eat there everyday  :)
Recently got take out (chicken kadai and onion kulcha) and was a little disappointed. The meat was a bit fatty which is not OK!!! And, while this is supposed to be a spicier dish, which I would normally love, I found it to be spicy but not entirely flavorful. The onion kulcha was fine. Considering it's proximity to my apartment I may check it out again (perhaps stay away from the meat)?
When the boyfriend and I get home after a long, tiring day and we just need to curl up with some comfort food, we invariably agree on chicken tikka masala from Flavors of India. It's the best, and the standard size feeds 2 easily with rice and naan. They used to give me a bit of a hard time for always getting the same thing, but they've let up. To be fair I've only gone there for takeout, but they always have cool Bollywood movies playing in the background.
I'm not sure what's going on with Flavors of India.  The last few times we went there, it was mostly empty and it just didn't feel good to eat there.  The food was okay but the experience was not enjoyable. Too bad...we used to enjoy it.  But based on my most recent experiences, I just can't recommend it anymore. :(
So I just moved to Phoenix not too long ago and have been trying out new places. I love Indian food, and a friend recommended this place. I'd been to other Indian restaurants here and wasn't too impressed. This place was different.  The food was very good, though since I went for the lunch buffet it probably wasn't as fresh as it would have been ordering from the menu. That said, I saw the staff bring fresh stuff several times and it tasted great. The place smelled just amazing- I think my sweater smelled like Indian food for two days (in a good way!). The staff were very attentive and helpful, even though they were obviously very busy, too. Good service, great food and reasonable prices...what more could I ask for? This place is definitely a keeper!
Had friends staying down the street from this place last Fri.   We ordered take out, this was my first time ever ordering Indian for take out. We ordered Chicken tikki masala, paneer tikka masala and aloo matter, all we pipping hot and super yummy, we all ordered med spice and the heat was spot on, made our noses run a little but didn't numb our mouths. The nan was good,  its better in house when its warm still but tasted good. Some of  the appetizers did not travel so well we ordered chicken pakora and it was very odd with strange little pieces of mystery meat with soggy breading. the vegetable pakora was OK and did stay a little crispy and the veg samosas stood up the best of the three and were tasty. All the portions very very generous, we could have split an entry but ended up being pigs and ate it all ourselves. Will make the long drive down there to eat in and get some more super yummy tikka masala sauce .
I don't know what they've done, but this place has SERIOUSLY improved their food over the past year. I was wary to try it again since the first time I went (yes, over a year ago) it was less-than mediocre. I live less than a mile away, was jonesing for indian food one day, and didn't want to drive far. I forced myself to go here and am now completely ecstatic that there's an indian food joint I can walk to, gorge myself, and roll my arse home.   The menu is standard, but somehow a little better because they offer dishes that have subtle differences. HMMM, let's see. I don't know if i'm going to describe this correctly:  Okay, I'm a vegetarian - DON'T STOP READING THIS, DAMNIT! I know what good food is!  Starting over - I'm a vegetarian, and I eat A LOT of indian food, and I have eaten at a lot of indian food places. I don't claim to be an indian foodie, but I do know that the vegetarian dishes have subtle differences so I think some places omit the dishes that are similar and just hope that people who come in order the thing that's closest to the thing they really wanted. There's one dish I always order - paneer (tikka) masala, that some places don't have so I order the closest thing to it, and of course I can't remember it right now but it's another paneer dish with a tomato base that's similar. The thing that's awesome about this place is that it has BOTH, as well as other dishes that other restaurants sometimes don't put on the menu. You know what I mean?  Who cares if you know what I mean - FOUR STARS!
I used to be scared...I used to be petrified.  I was never one to branch out with my variety of cuisine, which meant that I never had Indian food before...until a couple of months ago when I was invited to a dinner party. And at Flavors of India...my Indian Food cherry was broken.  I decided to review this place now...since I have experienced other restaurants since.  I tend to always come back to this location.  The place seems very clean, I love the Bollywood videos that they play, and I love the service.  And I think that they have the best buffet!    Now, I am really bad at names of the food that I order there (which is why I end up at the buffet...I may not know the names, but I know what I like looks like)  See me there at lunch real soon :)
This was my first time here. It was a nice experience.. And I found that I really like Indian food ! Good stuff !
Wide range of vegetarian options. Great chicken tikka masala! Very friendly and attentive staff. If you're into Bollywood, this place plays videos too.
Reliable, quick and accomodating.  It's probably not the best or most authentic out there, but when you hae a hankering for chicken tikka masala, they really do make the best.  They are good at accomodating changes (I always get half chicken, half paneer) and they have a great mango lassi that doesn't taste like it came out of a premade tub.  Little pricey though.
I am a big fan of Indian food albeit an unadventurous one.  I always get the Chicken Korma.  The creaminess of the korma just soothes my soul, especially when it is the right amount of spicy.  And there is garlic naan to be had.  I have been to Flavors three times now and each time I have left with the best kind of fire in my belly and smile across my face.  This place is almost never crowded and the service is pretty decent.  They play Bollywood movies for an added cultural effect.
Not very good, this was probably some of the worst indian food I've had.  (I've been pretty spoiled)  At one point there was something that was hard in my food and I cringed when I bit down.  I'm not sure what it was.  I'm used to very well flavored Indian food, and the curry was bland. The service was good, and it was inexpensive, but I think I'll try some other local places first before returning.
= = = = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE DAILY LUNCH BUFFET  = = = = = =  Way back 21 months ago this was my introduction to Indian food.  Since then, I've had the pleasure of trying all the Indian buffets in the Valley (I think), so I have a measuring stick now.    While I still like Flavors of India here, I found a fairly large number of the dishes today to be soupy, which is not my preference, so I'm going to drop this one down to 3 Stars.  With that said, the Tandoori Chicken was good, as was the Chicken Kandhari & the Chicken Makhni.  Also, they had BEEF meatballs!  What are THEY doing here??  Ok, anyhow, the dining room is nice, it's comfortable, & nothing is less than "A-OK".  I'll probably circle back around to this one.     :-)  Lunch Buffet still $9.23.  They're closed Sunday.
My friend and I decided last minute that we wanted to go out to eat last night instead of staying in. Since it was a holiday we didn't want to try our luck at any of the restaurants nearby so we headed over to Flavors of India which is right down the street.   The place was a lot cuter and nicer inside than expected. We were seated right away at a large booth and the hostess gave me a rose for the holiday. They had a special of a large plate of grilled meats for $13.95 which our waiter said was enough for 2. So we split that and also ordered our usuals, Paneek Pakor and Naan. Our waiter also suggested Indian Beer, and I can't remember the name of it, but it was very good.   The food was all very, very good. The naan was much better than the other Indian restaurant we frequent. I can't wait to go back to try my favorites (butter chicken and tikka masala) although everything they had looked so, so good.   I was really impressed overall and I love supporting local businesses like this one.
Pretty standard Indian. And by standard, I mean this is what you will find at almost every Indian restaurant in America. I am no Genuine Indian food expert, but your average USA Indian restaurant will have the same menu as every other one, no matter what city or state you're in.   That being said, if that's what you're in the mood for, then FOI will fit the bill. It's in a very sad-looking strip mall, and the management of the restaurant must be very anxious about all of the empty storefronts around them. But the interior of the restaurant is spacious and comfortable, and when I walked in to pick up our takeout order, I was immediatelly greeted by a very friendly host.   The food was good, as far as overly-oily typical Indian fare goes. We ordered the Tandoori chicken, Tandoori fish, naan, and a cauliflower and potato dish. All were very tasty and served with basmati rice.   I have two criticisms of the food: 1)the onions in the tandoori dishes were raw. Perhaps if we had eaten there, they would have been served in a cast-iron skillet, which would have improved matters. I'll withhold final judgment until we try it again. The meats were all very good, though.  2)OILY. Oh my goodness, there must have been equal parts oil and vegetables in the cauliflower dish. I wonder if Indian restaurants are under the impression that Americans really do want their food swimming in oil and that's why they make it that way, or if true Indian food, in India, is also as oily as what you'll find at restaurants here? I don't have the answer.   **I will put in a plug here for Bombay Spice, at Tatum and Shea, which is Indian food made healthfully, without nearly as much oil or cream as most restaurants. I wish I could count on that everywhere. **  So, it was a solid 3-star experience, given that it met my expectations of very oily, very tasty average Indian food. It would definitely earn another star or two if someone in the kitchen made an effort to cook with health in mind. It's really not hard.
Tasty when they haven't run out of food on the buffet. Dirty and full of roaches. I wish I had taken my can of Dow Bathroom Cleaner to spray on the mens room door. Health department says they've take legal action. The employees sit at the bar and drink and talk on cell phones and watch t.v.
I only stopped in for takeout.  The employees were very helpful and attending while I waited.  The restaurant was slow to middlin' for a Friday evening - but the smell was mouthwatering from the parking lot.  My food was fantastic and the nice sized portions ($11 or so for my meal, plus rice and nan) afforded me lunch the following day.  We'll definitely be back for more!
Very good food. Very good prices. And the staff are very friendly.
I used to eat here all the time. It's been a hot minute. Today having lunch at their once great lunch buffet was horrid. The rice was dry and crunchy. The food was of poor quality. The tomato chicken tasted like beef jerky . On top of all that the services was horrid. I had to actually get up from the table and walk over to the bar were there was 5 waiters standing around and talking to ask for a refill of soda. They acted like it was such a bother and barely said two words to us. Never going back again
Ate in tonight and the food was fine it was the service that was not good.  Our waiter was very Rico suave and had far better things to do with his night than bring us our food or even show up to our table at all, when he did make it around,  he reeked of Cologne and I just wanted him to scram.  There was a large group of odd looking hygienically challenged old Indian men running around,  I think they were the bus boys but they came by to clean a table next to us and liberally spayed Windex all over the place so that added a nice flavor to our food and he then decided the carpet on the front part of our table needed vacuuming right then and there so he broke out the vacuum and went to town for about five Min's, nice. we had to seek out the check and when we did get it we were over charged for alcohol we didn't even order, thanks Rico for the nice $71 evening for our little party of three, as good as the tikka masala is we wont be back.
Was in the area and hit this place for lunch today. Every thing was very good, especially the nan which was brought to my table fresh and hot.  I have eaten here many times before but not lately. Some days they have stuff I like better than other days but it is always pretty good.
This was the worst experience ever in a restaurant!  First, the service was lackadaisical at best.  It was very slow to have our order taken, and it took almost 40 minutes from the time we ordered to get our food. The food itself was tasty enough, once it finally arrived.  However, the worst part about this meal was the COCKROACH that we discovered on the wall over our table.  Immediately, my friend and I began to point at it and talk loudly. We tried to get the attention of waitstaff for several minutes.  Finally, the cockroach fell onto our table. That was it. We leapt out of the booth and exclaimed "COCKROACH!" Is this the worst part of the visit?  NO.  Waitstaff then came over, pulled back the table, squashed the cockroach, and then gestured for us to resume our meal and said "Cockroach gone."   At least the manager comped the meal.  But,  if there is one cockroach allowed to crawl around the dining room TABLES, I can only imagine what the kitchen might look like. I definitely can't imagine going back!
Flavors is easily my favorite Indian restaurant in the Valley. With friendly wait staff, good prices and fantastic food you can't go wrong. Don't be fooled by it's humble exterior; it's the food you're there to enjoy. I prefer to skip the buffet as I like my food XXXX-Indian-hot, but I have never been disappointed at dinner. In fact, the staff recognize me and my daughter and often ask if we'll have our regular, even if it's been months since our last visit.  My absolute favorite is the lamb vindaloo while my husband has chicken korma and my daughter goes for the chicken tikka masala and a mango lassi. Don't forget the rice pudding (kheer) for dessert. You won't be disappointed!!!
Sorry, should have gotten to this review; because I am a fan of this restaurant.  Love the Rice Pilao; every time must get this dish.  All the curry dishes are great; especially for someone who dines with people who either don't like spicy or crave spicy dishes; they will adjust to your taste.  Been here about 5-6 different times every time left very satisfied and ready to go back.
I have been here a few times, but mainly at dinner.  Dinner Has always been great, great waiters and staff, with a LCD TV playing almost famous famous bolywood movies.  LOL  It cracks me up when they dance.....LOL...anyhow, Great vegetarian choices for people who eat there veggies, but trust me, I am a MEAT eater,  Chicekn Tika masala, Little dry but still good.  My favorite is there Palak Paneer. Great for the vegetarian.  I have also tried there lunch Buffet for 11.00.  I give a Thumbs up..  Good, serve yourself, and pig out!!!!!!
I miss this place!  We used to live around the corner from Flavors of India and went here at least a couple times a month.  Favorite dishes were Malai Kofta (sp?) and Palak Paneer. My husband loved their lamb dishes.  Their lunch buffet was just okay. Could have a better selection.  Service was always good. They are sooo nice. One time we ordered takeout and my husband who was sick at the time picked it up. The girl at the counter offered him a little baggie of spices to help with his ailment. How sweet and thoughtful!   When we eat in for dinner, we enjoy the Indian beer, and my husband REALLY enjoys the Bollywood music videos. Hmmm... could it be the completely gorgeous Indian women dancing around in saris?
Flavors of India serves up a decent lunch buffet.  I've been there a couple of times though and it seems some days, the food is better than others.  Also, I wish they offered a bit more selection.  I've teetering between a 3 and 4 star but because of the reasonable price and friendly service, I'm bumping up to a 4 star.  I'll have to go again to make a final decision.   See ya there!
I love Indian food although I cannot eat it everyday since the spices and my stomach don't get along very well. But when I do get my monthly Indian fix it better be good taking into consideration the next couple of won't be pleasant for me. Flavors of India does the trick for me and their food and flavors are awesome and unique.  Keep up the good work guys.
Excellent food...nice and spicy (when requested)! We have gone twice and being Indian...I can recommend this place as a good source for a buffet and selection of food. The malai kofta is AMAZING!!!
I mostly do take out. I love the food and the service. I have tried a lot of Indian restaurants but their Samosa, Garlic Naan and Chicken Tikka Masala are great.  Enjoy!!!
Been into Indian food lately, a friend suggested this place..i was skeptical because its hard to find good indian food places..however once i tasted the food i was delighted, i have finally found my favorite indian restaurant in Phoenix. The food is very flavorful & rich..
What a great find.. I've been searching for years for a place like this.. sketchy from the outside but worth the wait and that you will do. Ordered chicken tikka marsala. (6 on spice scale, could have gone to an 8) and the lamb vindaloo (also a 6, more fairly spiced) with the garlic naan... oh la la, that hit the spot.. the restaurant is dim and loud from nearby tables but cute and comfy..we will be back and I'm not sure I would even waiver from my original selection it was that delicious... feel safe with this selection on flavor and atmosphere but step out of the box for more flavor with the spices.....
Service and Food is R&R!  I make this short and sweet. Lets find the real places in Phoenix and lets support the authentic, creative, and traditional restaurants.   True, it feels a little awkward because of the metaphysical transportation from USA to India. After 10min its like you are in India. Cliche, but lets be honest, if you have have been there its kinda the truth.   Service: Very approachable, knowledgeable and sincere. The table next to us for some odd reason didnt like the food, she said it was "too different." Uh? Ok..its Indian food! Its meant to be different. Nonetheless, the ?manager? insisted on offering dessert. The patrons denied his generous offer multiply times. GREAT SERVICE!! (Our service was *5stars*)  Food: Sadly, I don't know what I devoured because I arrived late and they just placed the food down as soon as I sat down. That being noted, what ever it was ...it was goood!!!!!  The chicken fell of the bone, the sauces were savory and spicy, and the rice was moist.  Well R&R (Recommend & Return)  R \_  NOte: Lock your doors, the Flavors is in a exasperated area.
We order 2 plates chilly chicken, but it is so hard to find chicken in it.  They cooked it with 75% of onions,  capsicum and 25% of chicken.  They should change dish name, it should be "chilly capsicum" instead of "chilly chicken".  Worst dish!!!   Don't ever order chilly chicken here.
This was the Indian restaurant I would often frequent when I lived in Phoenix. The three stars I give this place reflects my mixed feelings about it. I tend to gravitate to Indian restaurants that offer excellent lunch buffets, as it gives you the opportunity to sample multiple dishes. The buffet offered at Flavors of India is just okay, but often a little on the bland side. I do enjoy their samosas, vegetable pakoras, and tandoori chicken, but most of the entrees offered at the buffet are underwhelming. The story changes, however, when you order items from the menu and ask for them on the spicy side. Their mutter paneer and aloo gobi are excellent and nicely spiced. My personal favorite here is the baigan bharta, which is spicy fire-roasted eggplant with onions and peas. The taste of it is just out of this world. This is a great place for take-out, where you can order items to your specifications.
Being an Indian i would definitely know what Indian food should taste like, and this one is no way near to the original, Young guy is the son of the actual owner (who is nice guy) is extremely ill-behaved,  gravy we ordered was full of water and tasted like crap. First learn to talk decently with your own country men, later comes serving good  food.
They've changed their chicken tikka masala recipe at least twice since my original review, and each time I've liked it less. The sauce used to be creamy. Now it looks like there's no cream in it, and it separates easily so the fat floats on the top. I'll have to find another restaurant to sate my chicken tikka cravings.
We eat here for lunch quite often and love the food! Service is great and the dishes are always on the spot when we eat here....highly recommend!
This restaurant is near our home so we have visited it on quite a few occasions - always for dinner. The food has always been pretty good, though in recent months, we've noticed that the recipes have been substantially improved. We find that we are more frequent diners nowadays.  Today, flavors are more distinct and better balanced. The Vindaloo has has an appropriate tartness against the spice. The tomato-based curries are richer, with a good balance of salt and sweet. We like hot dishes, but usually order them "medium" for our friends - and that has worked very well, with everyone enjoying the dishes.   Their location in a strip mall off 16th street doesn't look like much in the evenings, with all the other businesses closed and standard LED open signs flashing, but inside the restaurant is clean and nicely appointed, though admittedly it can be a little too dim for some folks. We could live without the endless Bollywood clips on the TV screen in the dining room (just the bar would be okay), but they do make for comical dinner conversation on occasion.  Service is always genuine, efficient and friendly. Big, cold Indian premium beers are always welcome on a hot Phoenix night and they are served with tall, cold glasses.  Take it from a long-time Phoenix resident that loves Thai, Indian, Cuban and Mexican food -  if you're looking for good Indian food in the Central corridor, try this restaurant for dinner. It doesn't look like much on the outside, but there's always parking and it's very good.
I'm finding more and more great places to eat in the central Phoenix area and I can add this to the list,  thanks to fellow yelpers Rand H and Mike C who invited me to join them for lunch buffet here. Seating is ample, with booths available. Lighting is toned down to a comfortable level and the TV screen playing Bollywood dance videos had the sound turned down.  I enjoyed pretty much every item in the lunch buffet. The main dishes were really savory; I especially liked the onion and cauliflower pakora. The  heat level of the dishes that were spicy was just right for me. The two desserts offered - mango pudding and rice pudding - were superb and an excellent way to cap a great meal. Service was very efficient, and the cost of the buffet was 10 bucks, tax included - truly a great deal.
At first glance, I almost turned around and got back into my car. It was in a dark stripmall, everything in that stripmall was closed, etc. The husband and I walked in to an almost empty restaurant, again I almost ran. I'm so glad I didn't. To put it simply...I adored this place! The service was great (not overly attentive but didn't ignore us), the decour was great and more importantly the food was great! I had the lamb Marsala (mild) and found it delicious. My husband enjoyed his meal too. This place is definately on our list of places to go.
= = = = = =  DAILY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =   It took me over two years to circle back around to this one but it was SO good today!  I was joined by Norm R. & Mike C. for lunch this time, & started with some nice Indian style salad.  Then it was on to most of the rest of the 21 food choices.  Warm Naan bread was brought to our table, & I eventually bit may way through some Basmati rice, Tandoori Chicken Kandhari, Chicken Makhani, Beef Meat Balls (What is BEEF doing here??), Palak Tadka (spinach with tofu), Daal Makhani (really good lentil soup), Gajar Halwa (carrot pudding), various treats such as Chilly, Potato & Onion+Cauliflower Pakoras, Chana Masala (chick pea dish), rice and mango desserts & more.  Everything was just right here today for an Indian Buffet, and reasonable too at $9.15 plus tax, so it's 5 Stars this time for Flavors of India.  Yum!     :-))
I had lunch here with Norm R. and Rand H. and after trying almost every indian buffet in the valley ,this one is got to be in the top 5.The buffet itself is layed out nicely and the food is always real good.This visit the onion cauliflower pakora was the big hit ,I could have ate just a big plate of those and been happy. The naan bread that was brought to are table was not the garlic type but was very good as well. The desserts here were great to they had mango pudding with fruit cocktail mixed in and rice pudding. (no monkey balls today)?Anyway it was a great lunch and 5 stars for them today.
I went there today for the first time for the lunch buffet. It was good and the service was great, very attentive. Will be back for the regular menu.
Have went here for Dinner before, it was okay but not great. Went to lunch buffet and it's terrible.  Not spicy. The dishes taste nothing like they should.  If you must eat here, the Tandoori Chicken isn't bad.  However, if you really like Indian food, stick to Chutneys in Tempe, or the really good Indian Market with a buffet on 7th street near Thomas.
On occasion I crave Indian food. This is not the best, nor the worst I've had but I too concur that FOI isn't at the same level as it has been in the past. The servers and preparers are exceptionally polite and lovely, but the food was not as flavorful and savory and I remember. As I pick at the mango pudding and the carrot pudding (which seems like a dessert that is sweetened and full of butter) I will go over the highlights and lowlights of my culinary adventure- I enjoyed the spinach/cheese mixture; one of my go to dishes. The chicken tikka was ok, and the tandoori chicken was a "B". On the flip side, the assorted fritters had seen fresher days and the vegetarian/cabbage dish was not very flavorful, IMHO even with the big caraway seeds. The seeds were huge - to the point I was routinely picking them from my dish. Kudos to Yelp which enabled me to have another helping of mango pudding as I write this. Seeing how there are/were several Indian diners here, it can't be too bad.
The all-you-can-eat buffet is the best value in town! I just love the onion bhagis and potato pakoras. I believe there are always at least 2 chicken dishes and a tandoori chicken, the standout was the chicken keema aloo. I'm not a big fan of okra, but what they did with it and onions was very nice and subtle. They also had a squash dish that had nice, firm pieces of yellow squash in a wonderful sauce. This was also the first time I tried their dessert; it was gulab something: perfectly round balls of fried deliciousness in a hot, syrupy goodness. I could just have these for breakfast like pancakes! I didn't even get a chance to try their condiment bar. Trust me, you will leave very full.
I think this place is 3 and a half stars. It is a fair-to-good, family-run restaurant, and because it is the only Indian place I know of in central Phoenix, I've been there quite a few times, only for dinner.  The atmosphere is comfortable and relaxed, with kind service, booth seating and Bollywood videos to entertain you. It's not the kind of place to take a date you want to impress, but it's the kind of place to go with your friends for a pretty good meal.  Last time I tried their frozen dessert (forget the name of it) and it was lovely, a delicate blend of spices that was the perfect finish to the meal.
Worst Indian in the entire phoenix valley, the lunch buffet had only one chicken dish, one meat, one daal, one vegetable, are you kidding me and nothing was exceptional, it was just average. Not at all good and value for money, Compare the menu with Chutneys on baseline and Ray.  I will never come back again.
Great service and very good food.  We ordered the Lamb Curry, Aloo Mutter, Chicken Tikka Masala and Garlic Naan.  Everything was/spiced/seasoned to order just as we requested.  The aroma of fresh garlic from the naan was outstanding.  Great portions and reasonable prices.  Need extra rice and they did not hesitate and did not charge.  Will definitely be back for the lunch buffet.
One of the best Indian buffets in the valley.  Love their chicken makhani (butter chicken). It makes an appearance on their buffet table fairly frequently (as much as i love tikka masala, it's a nice change). Their naan, palak paneer, and chana masala are all perfect cooked and seasoned.   Service is quick and friendly. One of my favorite spots to go for lunch. Go now:)
What can I say. The ambiance is fantastic. The restaurant is clean. The service is friendly.  And the food...spectacular. I prefer going during lunch for the buffet...which is a rarity for me, since I typically loathe buffets. But this restaurant's buffet is packed full of flavorful choices; from the chicken to the vegetable or potato pakoras.   On the dinner menu, my first choice is the chicken vindaloo. Just superb.   On a side note, you should check out their music videos playing on the two tv screens. (Again, this is against the grain for me, since I usually loathe and rant about any restaurant with tv!) Sometimes the videos are so lurid that they're addicting to watch! They're all the same with the same theme: Man falls in love with girl. Girl dances and acts coy. Man sings to woo her. Man gets girl. The end. lol  Flavors of India is a gem. Lunch or dinner, this is the place to go.
Flavors were decent. They had about 7 different tubs of dishes to scoop from and a salad-type bar on the side. All the flavors weren't too different from one another - one more herby or one more spicy. The chicken dishes were well seasoned and relatively moist. They give you naan upon seating and you can ask for more. The naan is plain or... buttery? I typically love love love rice pudding, but this place makes it... interesting. It tasted ok, but it was thick. It had other goodies in it like almonds or something.   Staff was attentive, but don't expect any smiles or warm fuzzy freindly feeling. Also, check your silverware... I changed out my fork 4 times because there was still dried food on it. The last fork I got still had dried food on it... but I was actually able to scrape it off with my napkin for this one. yeah...
Quality has really gone down the past few years. I've been coming here since the day they opened up in 2003. Please bring back the original cook!!
Lamb tikki masala and garlic naan are delicious. I try to come at least once every couple weeks for lunch. Great food every time and the owner and his wife are hands on and very kind. Definitely recommend this place.
Yesterday was my first time trying Indian food (don't judge meeeee!) and I'm now HOOKED! Anyone who hasn't tried Indian food, or is curious and wants to sample - go here.   This review is based on the lunch buffet, which beats out Chinese buffets any day of the week. You have a selection of 9-10 choices, plus dessert. The neatest part is the variety of food switches every day, so you're never eating the same thing over and over. Yesterday's buffet consisted of chicken masala (chicken, spices, tomato sauce cooked), daal makhani (lentil soup), bhindi (bombbbb okra!), chicken curry... and a ton of other goodies (dessert was shahi kheer - basmati rice pudding with almond and pistachios).   My only complaint was the bread, as it felt like it was covered in oil. However, for $11.99 and all you can eat - I don't really care.  Side note: they play this channel on their TV that's an Indian version of MTV - so freaking entertaining.
We went in for lunch today.  Parking lot was full and several people inside -- always a good sign that the food is good.  Was planning on doing the lunch buffet but found out they don't have Chicken Tikka Masala on buffet.   Sad panda.  So, we ordered Chicken Tikka Masala with some Garlic and Plain naan.  Service was very good.  The plain naan was excellent, while the garlic was a little too garlic for our taste.   The chicken tikka masala was decent, however it was more of a soupy texture instead of a paste that I'm used to.
Great Indian food here. It's been almost 6 years ago since I've eaten here. Their buffet food never disappoints. Even their gulab jamun (the little donut hole-like dessert) tasted fresh. Unlike the ones I've had before from other Indian restaurant in the valley that was cold and stale. Everything was great!
Food was ok. Service was poor. Saw a roach near our table. Not my choice for a lunch companion!
I finally had the opportunity to try this place. I went for dinner instead of the lunch buffet. My friend and I shared the appetizer platter, butter chicken, and lamb vindaloo. Everything was piping hot and fresh. Service was timed well even with a large group in the restaurant. Good portions. The appetizer platter and the lamb vindaloo were delicious. The butter chicken was too buttery for my liking. Maybe it is a different style/region of cooking. I am still on the hunt for a place that serves butter chicken that will taste almost like my friend's mother's butter chicken.
I Love Indian cuisine and this place was great!  Good buffet for lunch and friendly service.    I'm a lover of butter chicken and I literally ate like Homer Simpson at a buffet lol ( shows you my age) this and the mango dessert I couldn't get enough of!  They never ran out of food and quickly filled the trays in a timely manner.  This place is worth the drive and you will leave happy.  I did!!!  The buffet is always good to get a sample of different items.  It's also great for vegetarians!
Perfect authentic food. Generous portions. Relaxing atmosphere. Just beautiful! Great  service. I want to try everything on the menu. Just go!
Just delicious!  Got the chicken Korma and the sag chicken, medium spice, with a mixed bread basket.  So flavorful and well prepared, with some leftovers (I was there with a friend and we shared the two).  Highly recommend!
Absolutely the best in Phoenix - my opinion.   Try the yellow Dal, Chicken Biryani and Aloo Mutter in medium.   You can thank me later!
Always delicious! Lunch buffet is so yummy, fresh and full of choices (meat & veg). Dinner menu is hard to choose from due to the extensive variety. The chicken tikka Masala is rich and flavorful. Definitely a favorite. Garlic naan is also a must! The atmosphere is clean and open, and the wait staff are attentive and sweet. I lololove this restaurant!
Great dinner and reasonable prices. Server gave us lots of attention even though the place was packed. We've come here several times and also been happy. Glad we live close.
Everything was burned and the samosas were a Joke I'm Indian and this was not good $13.00 for lunch buffet
This used to be one of my favorite Indian restaurants when I lived closer. The last time that I visited it wasn't as spectacular as it used to be, but it is still really good and I would recommend it. It is nice dining, linen table clothes and napkins, well dressed staff, so it can be a nice evening out, but you wouldn't feel out of place dressed casually, either. The service is good and the menu has a lot of great items. And, of course, a great selection of vegetarian dishes, as most Indian restaurants.
I agree with the other reviewers here on yelp.   Food is good quality but not very spicy so it's OK for a lunch buffet.   Very clean dining room and bathrooms.  Service is fine as far as a lunch buffet goes.  The iced tea was better here than other ethnic restaurants, it had a hint cardamom or cinnamon that was interesting.
This place used to be a favorite but the quality continues to deteriorate.  It appears there are new owners.    The buffet items are overly greasy and spiced oddly.  Last time I was in not one staff person there even said a word to us.  It was weird!
Edit: New ownership noticed 2008.   Tasty Indian cuisine with a British influence. Pub side has mostly British ales and are served in traditional, Imperial pint glasses.  Food is average and in line with most Indian Cuisine in the Phoenix area. Chana Masala with garlic naan is an exceptional combination at this location. Appetizers are high quality as well.   Prices/portions are on par for most restaurants.  Service is about average as well - sometimes great, sometimes good, and sometimes poor.
The food here is good, but it didn't knock my socks off (or in this case my flip flops).  My group ordered quite a few dishes to share, I chose the Chicken Vindaloo and each dish was good but I've had better. They really don't do spicey very well, but I can take a lot of heat, so I guess it is all in perspective. The place is very clean, the staff is friendly, and their appetizers were fantastic.  I will probably come back, but there is no sense of urgency.
i used to eat at this place every month back in 2005-2007, since then they have completely gone down hill. really slow service and the quality has faded, i feel badly i hope they can fix that soon.
Stopped into this mid-sized place for the lunch buffet today.  It's a little glitzy inside but ok, & has all glass covered tables that were mostly set up for at least four people.  I missed seeing booths, my preference, but did manage to find just one comfortable spot in the place, at a smaller, out-of-the-way table.  It's a good thing I got there at opening time!  Among the salad items, the cole slaw was tasty, & the server lady brought me naan bread that didn't have garlic or greens on it, but it was buttery, piping hot, & cooked just right.  Otherwise there was nothing special about the place.  Everything tasted ok, but a lot of the dishes were way too soupy.  $8.95, Open 11:30 AM, Full Bar.
Just stopped for lunch before driving off. Food was below average. They had about 3 vegetable dishes and 3 chicken dishes. Nothing great .. Probably won't ever go back.
2 for awesome service & the best naan ... The rest.. Hands down to a zero ... & I feel bad rating it so low... But I've had wonderful Indian food... Outside of the mother land...& this is just horrible... :-(
Good Food....The Part-Time Hostess Is Awesome....
Don't go! On a scale of 1 to 10, I would give the food a 3, service 3 and ambiance 5. Prices are high and serving size small.   The tandoori chicken is the worst I have eaten in AZ. For a moment there I was envying my dog's chew stick. Really, it sucked.  Wonder how they survive.
I made the mistake of going here once for lunch. Blah. The food wasn't good and the service was bad. They seemed to hate me for some reason.
Pros: Ummm, let me get back to ya   Cons:  1. Currently undergoing some kind of exterior construction  2. Food had spices in it, but nothing that made any dish "pop"  3. Bathroom is filthy  4. Service was unfriendly  5. Felt ill afterward   Don't waste your time here, there are lots of awesome places to eat in Phoenix.
The only reason I'm giving this place 2 stars instead of 1 is their naan bread was fantastic.  I'm hungry and craving some Indian food, so I stop in.  I'd eaten here a few years ago and thought it was pretty good but not great.  So I go in and the lady at the counter who is none too welcoming tells me to go sit "whereever".  So I do, assuming she will bring me some water and then I'll go to the buffet.  But I'm sitting there for a while, about to just go to the buffet when she comes over and rudely says "You can go get a plate."  I'm wondering if I've offended her in some way but as I haven't really said or done anything, I figure not.  As I go to fill up my plate, I (and the entire restaurant) hear her yelling into the kitchen and the tone was not friendly.  Someone yells back, also not in friendly or joking tones.  Now, I look at the items in the buffet, and it looks pretty sparse.  Granted, the place hadn't just opened, it was after 1.  But still.  Rice, a chicken korma, a spinach dish, a vegetarian dish, maybe two sad pieces of tandoori chicken, no onions or lemon with in.  But, I figure, maybe they had a lunch rush and maybe I'm spoiled into having a larger variety.  I check out the "salad" part of the buffet, pretty standard stuff.  The food was very bland, even for me who doesn't like really spicy.  All the food seemed to have a similar flavor to it.  Then I tasted one of the relishes- bad idea- I had to spit it out it was so noxious.  I'm not even sure what it was,maybe something with olives (my husband is constantly amazed that I will eat things I don't recognize) but it was bad, bad, bad!  Inedible.  Heinous.  At this point, I'm really wishing the waitress/greeter would bring me the water I still haven't received so I can get this awful taste out of my mouth.  She comes over and I politely ask her for water and if the buffet comes with naan bread which I see other customers eating.  She says yes and stomps away.  She brings me water finally and a few minutes LATER I see her order some naan bread from the kitchen.  So I'm done with my meal and eventually she brings the bread, which, I will say right now, was outrageously good.  So good I'm considering going back even though the meal itself was pretty terrible and the service worse.  I go back to the buffet, convinced I've maybe missed something- like the really great milky tea or rice pudding some Indian buffets serve, but no.  I'm out of luck.  To top it off, I go over to pay, and I compliment the lady on the naan bread, to which she says nothing but tells me to wait there.  I wait while she and several others clean up the entire buffet!  After they are done, she comes over and does me the favor of letting me pay.    I couldn't really believe this experience, it was almost comical.  Like one of those restaurants where it's their "thing" to be rude to the patrons....well, I  will probably not be going back here even for the naan.
I'm an admitted Indian food neophyte, so take this review for what it's worth, but I did really enjoy the food at TOI.  Ok, so the server wasn't super "warm and fuzzy" and didn't slap on a ridiculously fake smile the entire time, but he got us what we ordered in a timely manner and was somewhat pleasant about it.    Parking was abundant and the atmosphere was kitschy, but it was clean.  The portions did seem a bit small, but let's face it, Americans are used to wheelbarrow sized portions!  I definitely had enough to eat and it was really good.  I would definitely make a return visit to TOI.
So sorry to see the recent sub par reviews. I frequented Taste of India from 00-06, and would have given them 5 stars for food, service, ambiance and selection of Indian beers. Bummer.
I stopped by the restaurant a few Saturdays ago for a quick buffet lunch.  The place is generally dark with tables, not booths.  The place is clean, but the mood is chaotic; papers on some tables, chairs stacked, boxes around, etc.  It is difficult to have a relaxing lunch when the atmosphere is simply distracting.  I said about four words to the waiter (literally two thank yous for the water refill).  The food is basic Indian and is good, not great - tandoori chicken, palak pannear, etc.  I was hoping for something unique, or at least a signature dish, but my hope was not realized.  The price of the buffett is under $10.00.  It is worth it, but I do not have a strong desire to return any time soon.
The food tasted really good, the time to make it, however, took a while.
I think this place closed.
Rubbery, nearly raw, white outside, pink inside chicken in two different buffet dishes.  I hope they looked at my plate to try to figure out why i simply got up and left, but in my opinion, if you are incompetent enough to put an entire serving tray of undercooked poultry out on a lukewarm steamtable, then anything I can try to explain about what was wrong, will likely fall on deaf ears anyway.
I love this place and it's by far the best Indian food in the valley that we have found.  The owner is always there to greet you with a smile and you'll be amazed by how many of the patrons he knows personally.    The dishes are wonderful with plenty of food to be taken home.  I would highly recommend this hidden gem of a restaurant.
The mild chicken tika masala was pretty good but not excellent, its sauce more buttery and less creamy and tomatoey than I'd prefer.    Portions are plentiful.  You'll have leftovers.
I'm not an Indian food connoisseur. I'd only eaten it once before, I can't even remember what I had and it was purchased from a little hole-in-the-wall in NYC. Lately, for some reason, I've been wanting to try more. I took some friends and family to Star of India on a Saturday night. The place is dark and the smell is strong. It wasn't very crowded, but we showed up a little late. The food was delicious and most of the portions were huge. We had an assortment of veggie and meat dishes. The rice was particularly good. Service was awesome - our waiter (who I think may have been an owner or manager) was very attentive and brought us extra rice and dessert on the house.   It's a little more expensive than my regular restaurants, but I'm definitely going back!
This small, dark restaurant is in the Ahwatukee area, in a shopping center with a Trader Joe's, Safeway, and other stores.  It is in the corner, on the same side of the shopping center as the Trader Joe's.  We go here periodically because they have decent food, and I like the staff - very friendly.  It's nice to get some saag paneer (great texture, fluffy & creamy - try it) for take-out.  They use canola oil, which saddens me, as I like ghee (I like my saturated fats & olive oil more than certain vegetable oils).  You can get decently spicy food here (that's "extremely HOT" to some of you) or skip the heat entirely.  They use good spices and make good sauces.  They don't make the most awesome Indian food I have ever had, but it is good, hearty, and comforting.  It's a good place for children, if there is something on the menu yours like (and who doesn't like ras malai or rice pudding?).  It can be good for groups, but I would call ahead or make reservations (not sure if they take them).  I appreciate how they gave me decaf tea & warm water (not just "no ice" water, but room temperature water) when I asked.  Recommended: any of their tandoori dishes; a vegetable curry that may not be on the menu but comes as a side in one of the special dinners; saag paneer; mango lassi; their relishes.  I'm good with anything on the menu.  Try the lunch buffet.
Good joint. Brought my friend who have not had good Indian food there. He was willing to try again and i took him there. Guess what - He liked it. Whatever he ordered looked like baby's poop - slimy and greenish, but it tasted really good. My own chicken was quite tasty as well. Everyone gets complimentary bread and some chicken (?!?). Buffet WAS unimpressive.  However, all in all this is a real nice place for some tasty food.  "I like"  Eugene
After going back a few times, I can say I love the chicken dishes but have always found the lamb to be fatty and tough. That and service varies... one waitress was pretty rude, wouldn't answer our questions and even asked "are you sure you want to order that?" Um... yes? Maybe? I don't know? Do I?!?!?!?
So I just got back from taking a solo trip over to Star of India.  I was craving some comfort food, something simple, but yummy, something that would cheer me up on a cloudy day. Something that would make me feel less loser-ish because my lunch buddy had taken the day off and I had to eat solo....cha-ching... Star of India fit perfectly!   I chose to do the buffet because it had everything that I liked. I don't claim to be an expert of Indian cuisine, but I love the sauces and gravies and the rich flavors that are used.   The naan was HOT and fluffy and I scooped up everything with it!  Like I said, this place is nothing fancy, but it was clean and my waitress was friendly. Plus, it made me feel a little less loser-ish.
It's been almost two years since I last visited Star of India, and my absence is due to other reasons and not bec. of the food.  Some good eats I've tried here are the chicken tikka masala, basmati rice, and chicken naan, the latter of which was overflowing with chunks of tender, marinated chicken.  Add a side salad and you've a delicious meal.
Went here for the lunch buffet, which was about $12 a person.  The papadum were nice and light. The pakora were cold and soggy. Of the two chicken dishes in the buffet, I tried the chicken tikka masala which was ok. Instead of having the chicken Korma, I had the vegetable korma which was tasty. My favorite of the vegetable dishes was the chickpea dishes which had a bit of spice to it but was not overwhelming or overly spicy - I would have liked to try a spicy dish. I was disappointed in the sag paneer - usually one of my favorites but hadn't tasted one like this - not sure why I didn't like it as much as  I usually do. It tasted like spinach and a little mint of something like that but couldn't figure out the rest of it.  The other vegetable dish was ok.  A couple of minutes after we sat down freshly cooked Tandori chicken and Nan were brought to the table. Both were tasty. I tried both of the desserts - the galub (i can't remember how to spell the rest of it) and the rice dessert - both were very sweet and tasty. One of us had the mango lassi which was sweet and good.    Overall the buffet was ok - don't know how long the food was sitting out so I can't comment on that.  I think I would come back for dinner to order from the menu instead of having the buffet again.  I gave three stars more because in comparison to other Chandler restaurants its a bit better than what I've been having here lately - as far as compared to other Indian restaurants I've been to out of state - this was a little disappointing. I'll try something from the menu sometime to see how it compares to the buffet.
If Star of India (SoI) is named after the historic ship that set sail from Great Britain to India then it is best to declare at the beginning that there is nothing worth remembering about this place and there is little that keeps you afloat in the morass of ordinary fare.   Like many other Indian restaurants in the valley, the smell of Indian cooking hangs in the air and permeates every piece of furnishing. The place does not disappoint when it comes to service, it is warm, quick and attentive. The complimentary papadums (Indian flatbread) with homemade chutneys (condiments) is usually the high point of a meal at SoI.   Experiences with the order could be as follows:  Gobi Parantha (Indian bread stuffed with cauliflower)- The real thing is meant to be fluffy and served with butter but the SoI parantha resembles a topping-less thin crust pizza.  Lamb korma- The gravy is thick, nutty with a lot of authentic flavours but the meat tastes pre-cooked.  Chicken biriyani- it is difficult to describe the God-food that is biryani but SoI manages to serve a new variation which is nothing more than chicken pieces thrown into a mishmash of rice and vegetables.  Disheartenment with the over-priced, sub-standard food could lead to a decision of not ordering dessert.   Finally, as observed in other reviews and the menu, if you visit this place then stick with the tandoori stuff and Chef's specialities. However in that case the excitement of an extensive menu will be lost.
I've lived here for three years and this was my first visit to Star of India. Not sure what took so long, other than I had no idea it was here ... buried in the back corner of the strip mall in Ahwatukee that houses the Trader Joe's I frequent. (That's where I procure my cornbread and my tea tree lavender liquid dish soap, among other staples.)  Anyhow, I give Star of India 3.5 stars. The food was great and the digs were what you might expect them to be for an Indian restaurant buried in the back corner of a strip mall in Ahwatukee: simple but clean. We didn't come here looking for a scene, we came in search of fine ethnic eats, so the modest decorum was cool by us. And the eats were indeed fine and ethnic.  The staff was friendly. I do have some advice for our server, however: you have a nice smile and were seemingly helpful in making suggestions from the menu, but try being a little more reassuring once I settle on something. I have enough uncertainty in my life. Example:  Server: "How spicy do you like your food, on a scale of one to ten?"  Me: (thinking, 'Gee, this is nice. I'm used to the one-to-five scale offered me by most Thai restaurants. There must be a favorable exchange rate right now, what with the economy and all.') "I like my food mild to medium, so let's say five."  Server: "Are you sure?"  Me: "Ummm ... I think so. Is that considered mild to medium?"  Server: "Is this your first time eating here?"  Me: "Yes."  Server: "You may want to go easy, then."  Me: "So ... three?"  Server: "Really?"  Me: (thinking, 'Don't do this to me. I have enough uncertainty in my life') "I don't know. Again, it's my first time eating here, so I don't have a barometer by which to measure your one to ten scale. What do you suggest?"  Server: "Five should be good for you."  Me: (perplexed) "That's what I was originally thinking."  Server: "Do four then."  Me: (again thinking, 'Don't do this to me. I have enough uncertainty in my life') "Let's go with that."  Server: "Positive?"  Me: (really unsure now) "YES!"  The Aloo Parantha was great to start with. It's like naan, only whole wheat and stuffed with potatoes and green peas. Tasty. My Chicken Tikka Masala was very good, although I will do five next time. Alexis S. had Vegetable Korma and they were very accommodating so as to prepare it without nuts. (Something she has grown increasingly intolerant to, especially recently. Sigh. Lucky me.) I snuck a taste when she bent down to pick up her napkin. It was excellent. The Korma, I mean.  Uncertainty in my life aside, one thing I'm fairly certainly certain of is that I'm pretty sure we'll be going back to Star of India. I must try the korma next time. And yes, I'm sure! (I think.)
The food was pretty good, and the 1-10 spicy scale they offered was helpful. Service was excellent. Naan was excellent. The only reason i won't go back is because it's too far, and there are definitely indian food places that are on the same par with this one closer to my house.
The best Indian food that I have had since I left Seattle and on par with the best that I have ever had. Loved the Tandoori Chicken and Garlic Naan. The rice was outstanding, very aromatic. The rest of the meal was equally excellent. Although I don't know what it was. My wife orders and I just enjoy. Some vegetable plate, some spinach maybe some potato looking things. I don't know the names but I do know great food ! Happy we found it and will be back.
Not by any means an Indian food expert, nor have I been to more than 3 Indian places.  I was craving some Naan (that awesome flatbread) and talked to my good friend (who's Sikh) and he recommended this place as it was local to me and he had had a good experience there - and if he says it's good I listen.  She even asked me on a 1-5 scale how hot I wanted the food... 3 totally but could have done 4 probably :)  It's in a dark corner of the plaza and the price was higher than I was expecting but the food totally made up for it.  The safest thing I could get is Chicken Tikka Masala, which tears me up anyways but I love indian food (don't think indian food is meant for skinny white guys.. just sayin).    Bottom line... girl on phone was very helpful and very nice, the guy at the front desk was very welcoming and nice and they even offered me drinks for waiting like 3 minutes for my food to be done (was doing take-out).  Felt very welcome there and everybody was friendly.  Got home, everything wrapped and sealed up nicely as for no spillage in the car and the naan was wrapped in reynolds wrap.   Food was great... bread warm and fluffly, chicken cuts were very tender and moist and the rice was perfect fluffliness.  I'm totally going back... but I need to give my body a break... I'm payin for eating Indian food...  but it was so worth it!
I loved this place the minute I stepped in the door!  It's fairly small, beautiful inside, & very comfortable & cozy.  The lighting is just right, & Indian soft jazz & soft rock playing in the background were not offensive.  There was no soup, which would have been nice, but after the standard Indian salad, I dug into Chicken Vindaloo, Malai Kofta (vegetable dumplings in a sauce), Alloo Kobhi, Yellow Dahl, & more unusual treats, along with the usual Basmati Rice, good Chicken Tikka Masala, & so on.  Along the way, my very friendly & attentive server brought me a plate of hand prepared Tandoori Chicken.  That was a nice touch, & it was moist & good!  Almonds in the Rice Pudding for dessert made it extra good too.  The great atmosphere, food, & service here make it one of my favorite Indian Lunch Buffet places here in the Valley!  It's $9.99.
Since the place is right in my new 'hood, I had to check it out. It seemed slow for a Saturday night -- we were seated right away in a mostly empty dining room. Usually a red flag for me, but times are tough.  Everyone working there is really nice, and different people popped over to the table at various times to make sure everything was okay. Very friendly and attentive, which is awesome.  Unlike some other reviews here, we were not offered any kind of "scale" of hotness other than "medium" or "spicy". I always go with the mid-range until I have a good feel for a place, as did my wife. Hers was quite a bit spicier than mine, which I thought was odd.   I had the Malai Tikka which came out sizzling in a bed of onions. It was very tasty but the chicken was quite dry. I ordered naan and rice with it which was pretty much a necessity... I'm not sure who would want to eat a big skillet of chicken by itself, so I'm not sure why they have these things as extras instead of just coming with the meal. My wife had the Karahi Tandoori Chicken Saag which looks like thick pea soup but it's extremely tasty. She grabbed some of my naan and rice because, as I mentioned before, you wouldn't really just want to eat a pile of Saag by itself.  Yeah, I have a takeout menu sitting next to me so you can stop being impressed that I remember the names of the dishes, har har.  Overall, I'm very impressed by the service and ambiance but the Malai Tikka left me flat. I will be back and I'll try a vegetarian dish next time.
Ridiculously tasty.   Not good for you.
We lived in Ahwatukee for probably a good 4 1/2 years before we ever tried Star of India and I have no idea what was stopping us. (To think of all that wasted time we could have had together...) We met some friends for dinner here because she worked with a bunch of Indian guys and they said it was the place place they found in Phoenix. I've probably only been to maybe five different Indian restaurants in Phoenix, but so far, I'd have to agree.   Some particular delicacies you'll find are in the Chef's Selection area of the menu. My husband can't get enough of the Lamb Frazee (I think that's what it is). I can't go for a visit without the Aloo Gobi (in the vegetarian section).   The lamb frazee on the chef's specials my husband LOVES! It think it's the first one on the list. I can't go without ordering aloo gobi (potatoes and cauliflower) and a side of raita. My favorite time is actually lunch when the have a nice buffet with at least three different main courses and probably three different vegetable courses (almost always aloo gobi is there too). At lunch they bring around naan to everyone but if you request garlic naan, they will oblige. You also will get a plate of tandoori chicken - so good! The toddler loves coming here with us. He eats off both our plates and waits (most often impatiently) for desert. Our favorite (and they're always on the buffet) are those little cold, wet donut balls. God, I love those things. (Though my personal description does them no justice.)   I ate here throughout my entire pregnancy so maybe that's why the toddler has a taste for spicy ethnic food. (That could also explain his love for ahi...) Either way he's always happy to come, as am I.   It's priced well and everyone is so friendly and sweet. They're always bringing out extra treats for Beckham (the toddler) like rice pudding and if you haven't been in for a while, they still remember you and greet you like an old friend. Maybe I can talk the husband into going here for dinner tonight? Nothing says Easter Sunday like a little curry, am I right? Jesus didn't sound like a picky guy. And with party tricks like water into wine, surely he would have been up for some curry...
Revisited this place right at 5:00 when they open for dinner. They seemed a bit unprepared, like all the staff had not arrived. So, for the first 15-20 minutes we had what seemed like a "fill-in" server who did not know the menu.  I was all good though... had the Chicken Saag. It was fan-tastic. My parents ordered other dishes and we split two orders of naan among us. They pimp drinks here a lot--must be a high margin item for them. The only disappointing thing about the saag was that I asked for it spicy and it was not spicy. I mean it was Cleveland spicy, not Punjab spicy.  As an aside, this place is always good for people-watching. We had the pretentious neo-hippies next to us who couldn't be bothered to have their children sit down to eat, lest their creativity be stifled.
Well to start  I now have a new favorite east Indian buffet. Went here for lunch today with Rand H. and this place was small comfy and with lots of nice decor. As far as the food goes everything I ate was great. The service was real good as well. Not much more to ask for ,  woo hoo!!! as good as it gets. they should change the name to 5 star of India. yumm yumm yumm!!!!!
It's been almost 7 months since I reviewed the excellent lunch buffet here, so it was time to drop back in & see how they're doing.  Mike C. joined me for a first visit here.  First off, this is a small, cozy, very comfortable place.  You enter to a full bar, & off to the right is a room suitable to be reserved for a group get-together, & then to the left is the main dining room.  I started with a good salad & Ms. Server brought our chosen (Garlic) Naan Bread.  It was hot & delicious.  Then it was on to tasty Vegetable Pakora disks, Keema Mater ("lamburger", if you please), Chicken Tikki Masala, Karahi Vegetables, Matter Paneer, Saal Paneer, Dahl Maharin, & so on.  All of the hot food was labeled with a little description of what it was, & there were also at least 3 desserts to choose from.  I tried the one that was some sort of cheese in a cool, creamy sauce with almonds & looked like ice cream.  It was real good!  Now the food is mild here, not spicy like at Pasand, so your kids will love it.  With soft Indian music playing, great service & great everything, this wonderful place moves up to being one of my top favorite Indian restaurant in all the Valley.    :-))  Lunch Buffet $9.99 includes hot Indian Tea.
Found this restaurant on Yelp tonight and it did not dissapoint. The food was delicious and the service top notch. The atmosphere was lovely.  Definitely will be going again in the very near future to sample more of their menu. Thank you for a great meal.
Great atmosphere.  Great help.
Above average. The Korma and Vindaloo were tasty. We ordered spicy, and boy, it was. Whew. Definately one of the better Indian places in the East Valley. Oh, the staff was friendly but slow.
I went for lunch and it was very good.  The reason why it isn't 5 stars is because the selection was limited.  Definitely a place to go for lunch.  :)
Well, my beautiful bride and I were headed to the Indian Paradise in Chandler... closed for good (we sought yelp for this one). So we remembered the Star of India in which we visited a couple years prior. We remembered the food was good (not great), but we were not impressed at the time because this restaurant was not ready to open at their scheduled time; and not only were they not open, it seemed that they were just arriving.  In todays competitive market, I dont know how a restaurant could not be ready at 5pm, we had to wait another 15 minutes to get in and another 15 to place our order. They really should be ready at 4pm... I believe restaurants who suit their own schedule instead of what people seek, will be out of business soon. I don't eat dinner that early, but there are many folks that prefer that time slot.           Tonight we got there late... 9pm; I know we can't expext the best service or quality of food 1-hour prior to closing, but why not.  Well, tonight we had three issues:  1) We were seated quickly by the water girl, but waited a good ten minutes to figure out who was our waiter/waitress before we could even ask a question about the menu or even place a drink order. 2) The owners daughter was running around and at times yelling or crying. Not really a big, big issue because we have young children, and when we first sat down this cute little girl landed on my wifes lap; we have a daughter around her age, but there are times when you leave the kids at the grandparents home and rarely get some time for one another, and you don't want to hear yelling or crying, especially from the owners child. It tells me they either are not watching her or they are not paying attention to their business. Maybe that is why I found a strand of what seemed to be part of a brush of some sort in my food. The female owner/waitress tried to play it off as a part of an herb. Not quite...I know what it was and my wife verified it 3) Their curry, rice, and naun bread is tastey, but their veggie kofta balls in the curry were hard and the lamb (lamb curry) seemed a few days old.  I see some good reviews here, but we will not be back; they did try to accomodate the bristle brush strand with a $10 coupon and free dessert; but the lack of smiles, poor service, semi fresh food, and denial of the bristle strand, will have us put this "Star" out.
Star of India has an upscale Indian restaurant theme.  The prices are definitely upscale, but is unfortunate that I can find better food at simple Indian establishments.  The food is well spiced and flavored, but the main problem I had was that some dishes tasted exactly the same.  The Korma and Mattar Paneer should be two distinct tasting dishes, even though the color of the sauce is the same.  The Korma has a little bit of a sweeter taste normally.  The naan was not too special and slightly burned.  I would say the service was similar to an upscale restaurant.  I would take a date here, but only if she has never tried better Indian food before.
I feel really bad about not bestowing five whole stars upon this place in my previous review. In hindsight, the only explanation I have is that I was "holding back" because it was my first visit to ANY Indian restaurant in the valley since moving here and I didn't want to just go carelessly throwing five stars around before experiencing other Indian restaurants.   To help you understand what I mean ... It's as if you were an ice skating judge at the Winter Olympics. And the first skater out, say, from the Congo, absolutely blows you away. Like, you can't believe it! But the whole time she's skating  you're thinking 'The Congo? Do they even have skates? Have they ever even seen ice?' And she finishes her routine and it's flawless. But you haven't seen any of the other skaters yet. So you can't go ahead and give her a perfect score, especially without seeing the Russian chick first. But you're not allowed to wait and see the Russian chick before having to submit your score for the gal from the Congo.  They need your score right now! So you ding her for some arbitrary reason, like her skate laces weren't the same length as each other. Or something.  And then you get a chance to watch the other skaters, Russian chick included, and they were all just "meh." And you wish you could go back and change your score for Ms. Congo, but you can't; the IOC won't allow that. And you have recurring nightmares about the medal ceremony, where she stands on the podium with her bronze medal, just below the South Korean girl (who trains in the US) and yes ... the Russian chick. But she displays great sportsmanship. She smiles as the Russian flag waves and "Gosudarstvenny Gimn Rossiyskoy Federatsii" (that obnoxious national anthem) plays over the loudspeaker. She is probably happy with her bronze medal. She might even be a hero in her home country. But you know it's just not right. She was done an injustice, and YOU were responsible for it!!  Luckily this is Yelp, and not the Winter Olympics. Now that I have eaten at several other Indian restaurants in the valley, I have become a regular at Star of India and would like my previous three star review stricken from the record and replaced with five strong stars. In fact, I'm gathering signatures on a petition that Star of India be renamed Five Stars of India.   They deserve their gold medal.
Wow. Just... wow. Wow!   I came here for a wedding rehearsal dinner and the experience was incredible. I was in a large party and we ordered damn near one of everything on the menu and every single thing I tasted I wanted more of.  Tandoori chicken - served on a sizzling platter with seared vegetables and fall-off-the-bone tender. Had a delicious, yet mild, flavor, perfect for those venturing into Indian food for the first time. Vegetable korma is my absolute favorite. It's like a thick sauce you can eat over rice or by itself with chunks of potato in it. Very flavorful. Chicken Vindaloo is a little spicier but doesn't kill your tastebuds with heat. The spice definetly enhances the flavors in the dish. Sop it all up with rice, or garlic naan and special naan. Sooo good!
Tried the lunch buffet and enjoyed it extremely. It could've used a little more spicy heat. But overall, it was an awesome gastronomic experience. Remember to try the milk tea and freshen your breath with their homemade concoction of Tic Tacs and fennel seeds!
I almost feel guilty writing a review for Star of India, since I frequent this restaurant at least once a week.  Obviously, I'm a fan.  The owners, who seem to spend their entire lives at the restaurant, are some of the most welcoming and thankful hosts I've ever run across.  This is one of those small family owned restaurants that I feel proud to support.     Don't get the impression that I would rave about a place if they didn't have the food to back up their hospitality.  I'm fairly certain I tried just about everything on the menu.  My favorites are the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Saag Paneer.  My wife and girls really enjoy the Paneer Tikka , Samosas, Malai Kofta, and the Shahi Paneer.  My oldest daughter has developed something of a reputation at Star of India as the "Gulab Jamun" girl.  Each time she comes home from college, we pay them a visit. The owner can't resist bringing her ridiculous numbers of these desserts just to see the look on her face.  If you've never tried Indian food before, this is a great place to start.  Ask for Preet and he'll be happy to help you pick something that meets your tastes.
Consistently good Indian food. Anything with the garlic naan is better. T host is always attentive, though when he is not around, the staff are definitely not up to the same caliber. Their food always tastes fresh, hot off the stove.
I have been by this spot many times and I needed a place to eat lunch so I stopped in... I entered the restaurant and was seated right away. But then I sat there for a good 10 minutes and watched the workers walk around  then I got to see the owners little kid decide she was going to sit with the consumers in the booth a head of me... Then the kid started crying and it just does not need to happen I was kind of shocked please leave your kids at home if they are not working at the restaurant.  I ended up getting up and asking the staff if I could just get the lunch buffet. I got a bit of everything to try I enjoyed the rice and the chicken dishes... The fish dishes on the other hand not so good the fish puffs were cold and not good and the one fish dish super fishy tasteing. The bread was really good that came with the meal... So all in all I would say I will not be going back anytime soon nothing to write home about.
I tried the Malai Kofta, garlic naan and vegetable biryani. All of these were excellent. The prices are amongst the most economical in Phoenix Metropolitan. $8.95 for most curries, only $2.50 for the garlic naan.
5 star service, 4.5 star food, overall a super enjoyable experience.  We'll definitely be going back!  My boyfriend and I went to Star of India for dinner.  I got the chicken tikka masala, while he got the channa masala.  My chicken tikka masala was absolutely perfect, all buttery, with tender chicken and a spiciness that was tasty and not overwhelming.  His channa masala was really good -- he asked for medium spiciness and it was considerably spicier than my mild.   We ordered a parantha and a naan to go with our entrees. When the very nice owner asked us how our meal was, my boyfriend offhandedly said the parantha was a little different from what he was used to, that it's not as fluffy and tender as parantha from other cultures.  The owner immediately set out to find us a bread we would like, giving us a free order of roti, and free order of rice to pack with my to-go box for my chicken tikka masala.    The owner was gracious and eager to please, and really fun to chat with.  That made all the difference, and with the great food, we'll definitely be going back!    p.s. get the gulab jamun -- it's delicious!
I would eat here again! The prices are very affordable and the food was delicous! We ordered the combo appetizer with was bursting with different flavors and spices. The tandoori chicken was good, but the portion was skimpy and there was more bone than meat. Our lamb saag was awesome! Perfectly cooked lamb that was fork tender and the sauce was yummy. I was so happy they didn't skimp on the meat. Our portion had a lot of tender lamb in it. Best mango lassi I've had in a while. We completed out meal with the gulab jamun. Delicious! I'm not used to it being served cold, but the flavors were spot on. Great service and a fun atmosphere due to the musc played.
Our favorite Indian place - nice, simple atmosphere, great Tikamasala, decent prices.
Visited last night with the wife.  She is a big Indian food fan and she has been introducing me to the cuisine.  I have to say this place was great.   The only thing I would say is that we ordered each dish medium heat and it tasted as though there were no spice at all.  Food was great and the price was very reasonable.  Snagged up a coupon on restaurant.com and  we ate for a very low price.
I LOVE Star of India. I have been there three times, and every time, the service and the food were spot-on. You absolutely cannot beat their buffet. They have a huge spread with tons of vegetarian options-- there's something for everyone. On days when they don't have the buffet, they also have a sampler platter on their menu that is good. The buffet and the sampler are great introductions for people who have never had Indian food before. Their vegetable samosas with yogurt sauce are my personal favorite. This is a great restaurant for both vegetarians and omnivores alike.
This is by far my favorite Indian restaurant in the Phoenix area and the best!  The food is very delicious and the owner, Preet, is very hospitable.  Too bad I no longer live in Ahwatukee.  All I could think of when I was at a restaurant down the street from my place earlier, is how mouth-watering Star of India's chicken tikka masala is.... Yumm!  A must visit!
Very delicious! And really great prices! I had the Tandoori Shrimp Masala (Medium) and it was absolutely amazing. Hubby ordered the Lamb Vindaloo and he really enjoyed it. His only complaint was that he went to order it "Hot" and after an "Are you sure?" from the server he changed it to "Med-Hot" and he wished it was hotter. My medium was flavorful and I was very pleased with it though. Everyone has a different take on heat level, so he will try it Hot next time and I am sure it will be great. We split an order of Garlic Naan which was absolutely delicious! Overall, a quiet little place, with good service and great prices. We have finally found a restaurant in Awhatukee where we were not disappointed! We will definitely be back.
This is an incredibly good food stop!  Check out their hours before you go, however, as they are closed during various hours of the day.  The lunch buffet is our favorite--great selections, varied spices and tastes, and all you can eat, of course!  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and most of the menu is gluten free, which is important to us.  It's quiet, clean, cozy, not expensive, and decorated classic Indian.  Trader Joes is next door, as is a bead store for the ladies in you group (needs a motorcycle shop or gun store nearby for the men).  If you like Indian, you'll like Star of India!
I'm really surprised at all the good reviews of this place. We have been trying to find a good Indian place in the area and chose here because of the good reviews. The bottom line is that all of the food was extremely bland. We got the vegetable samosa,  shrimp vindaloo, Bangan Bhartha, and garlic naan. The vegetable samosa's crust was very hard and didn't flake off like I'm used to, the filling was average (this was the best tasting thing we got). The shrimp vindaloo was in a very watery bland sauce that reminded me of italian tomato sauce. The Bangan Bhartha was just unbelievably bland. The atmosphere of the place was not bad and the service was pretty good. I didn't even want to keep eating after the first couple of bites.
I returned to Star of India last night for the third and final time. I had a Groupon and hoped that maybe they would have gotten their act together since the last time I was there about a year ago. Nope. The service is still lousy. It took 40 minutes to get served two very standard dishes - tandoori chicken and the baingan bharta. So nothing fancy, no fish that had to be specially cooked, no changes to the recipe. A couple who came in after us was served 15 minutes before us. The tandoori chicken did not taste like tandoori and was just covered in onions (probably 2 onions) and the baingan bharta was bland. I had half a dish left and didn't want to take it home. I won't be back.
Love the buffet, the folks that work there are great, we usually hit this at least once a weekend and our table is always ready and he knows what sort of naan we want. Small but worth it.
My wife and I love Indian food. We've tried every Indian restaurant in the Ahwatukee area, and this is our favorite. When you come, remember that this place is family owned and operated; it's not a chain with five bussers and six servers running around. For that reason, service is not as quick as Chile's or Outback.   The food is authentic, fresh, and the restaurant aims to please. The owner always comes by and greets us, and if there's anything wrong they fix it immediately. The prices are fair, not cheap or expensive.   For best results, order a la carte expecting to share each item. A curry or two, some samosas, and a meat or veggie entree will be more than enough for a couple, and you'll come away with about a $40 bill. There's also a Groupon out there right now, $12 for $24 I believe.    Good for: Foodees, couples looking for something different, casual meals, and a weekday night out.  Bad for: Snobs.
I don't understand how people can like this place.  Maybe I'm spoiled from growing up with fresh Indian food daily but this is the worst Indian food I've eaten in the valley.  NOTHING was fresh.  Everything tastes like it came thawed out of the freezer.  The samosas were so old and stale the green peas were a strange brownish green color and the minced lamb was dry as sand.  The lamb dish we ordered was so over cooked it felt like beef jerky chewing it.  And to top it off the chutneys looked and tasted like they came out of a jar from the grocery store.  If you truly like this food do yourself a favor and try ANYTHING else and you'll realize how subpar it is.
Wife chose this place and we went late Tuesday (9pm) for dinner after I got out of school.  Owner was attentive and very helpful and helpd us order.  he explained dishes and brought usu a few different breads.  Dishes were VERY colorful, tasty, piping hot.  I asked for spicy and WOW..., on that scale, I should have asked for mild.... Yummy food and Great time. the owner's family children were playing (read: screaming and running around jumping on boothes and staring at us over the wall) the whole dinner, which was mildy annoying in a quaint way..:{ we'll be back. maybe once school starts?
= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =  It had been almost 15 months, so I stopped back in here, joined by Mike C., to see how they're doing.  For me, the strongest feature of this place is the small, stylish, very comfortable dining room.  It's just right!  In other ways, though, I was impressed a little less during this visit than before.  We have so many excellent choices here in the Valley, & certain things didn't measure up to the best:  *  The food selection here was slightly small (for an Indian or Pakistani Buffet), with 19 items (counting the salad items separately).  *  The chicken used in the Tandoori Chicken here this time seemed low grade.  *  At many of these Buffets, you come away raving about how good the Chicken Tikki Masala was.  I didn't find that to be the case with this dish here.  *  The table service was proper but not friendly.  Yes, this is the case at about half of the Indian & Pakistani Buffets, but at some, such as India Grill, Kabab & Curry, & even Copper Kettle (since he moved to the new location) they're so graceful & nice that it adds to the pleasure of dining there.     :-)  With all that said, I do still think this is an "OK" dining choice, & it's 3 Stars this time for Star of India, where the weekday Lunch Buffet is $9.99.
I was unaware of this little gem of a restaurant next to Trader Joe's in Ahwatukee, and the only reason I ventured there with my wife was that there was a Groupon deal for it. Thanks Groupon!   Here are a couple of things I thought were worth mentioning about my experience:  Food: I had the Chicken Tikka Masala with "medium" spice levels, and it did not disappoint. The curry was fragrant, rich and spicy! Just the way it should be. I'd be hard pressed to recommend a better Indian curry to my friends. The garlic naan was also well done and was a decent portion, be it for a slightly exorbitant price (more on that below).  Spice Level: Spice levels are more spicy than the the typical Indian buffet, so beware if you have a delicate constitution. My wife was tempted to get "hot", but lucky enough she settled for "medium". It was just right  for her, and she likes spicy food.  Price: The meal was a little on the pricey side due to the fact that we had to pay $2 - $5 for rice/bread on top of the entree, as it is not included with it.   Onion Fumes: While waiting for the food to come out, I started tearing, and started wondering if I was just having a "moment". ;) But as it turned out, it was onion fumes wafting into the dining room from the kitchen that were making my eyes water. Yes, the fumes were that strong! Then again, we sitting right by the kitchen door and it was a little stuffy as it was cold outside (winter) and they likely had the heater on. I did cease to notice it once the food came though, because I then started crying tears of joy whilst stuffing my face. Nom nom nom!  Conclusion:  I would likely return, and bring a couple of friends or family members back with me!
First time we went I was very impressed...owner is such a nice man. Food was really good.  Our seconds experience we ordered for takeout and not as good. Latest time we had a groupon. We were there for at least 2 hours. It was very warm, none of the tables were clean, service was terrible, there was a little girl running back and forth screaming and worst of all was the food. They have gotten very skimpy. I think our food was sitting for a while before it was served because all of it was cold. Too bad because it was so good the first time.
food is better than average. the owner is a great guy.
This is the best Indian food restaurant I have ever been to.  I highly recommend the lunch buffett - they usually have Chicken Tikka Masala, Tandoori Chicken and some type of lamb dish that I cannot think of right now.  The Naan bread that they bring you is also amazing.  I have lived in Phoenix for over 13 years and this place is better than anywhere else.  This the place to go if you like Indian food.
Yesterday I arrived to Phoenix and Star of India was my first restaurant in this city. I love spicy food and they a good choice of spicy dishes. I had curry chicken and a vegetable salad . Food was great and hot enough.  Kudo for fast service
This place is the spot for lunch! I mean come on. Its Indian food buffet style! What's not to like about that. They serve you garlic naan or plain naan also buffet (all you can eat). The have all the standard fare as well as basmati rice. I always eat about a metric ton of food and when I get the bill... That's right $10. Starbucks costs more than that!! Definitely try this place out.
We returned to Star of India recently to enjoy the lunch buffet on a weekend. The restaurant was pretty empty the last three times we've been here--I hope that's not a bad sign!  The buffet is somewhat limited as others have noted. There is stuff to make salad, plus about 8 entrees, various sauces, rice, naan, a few desserts, and Indian tea. Everything is quite delicious, but if you are looking to sample a wide variety of Indian cuisine, this won't quite do the trick. The entrees are quite filling though--I really had to press myself to try a little bit of everything. You will leave feeling like you just ate enough to last for two days!  I find the staff to be quite helpful and friendly, as well.
Lunch Buffet  There was three of us for a fast lunch.. The food was excellent and the service was very attentive and helpful with ingredient explanations ( one of us is gluten-free).  They had about 12 items to choose from (meat and vegetarian) along with a basic salad, and 3 desserts.   We plan on going back again the next time we're in the area.
I've lived in Ahwatukee since 1999 and have eaten at Star of India quite a few times.   I've always found the food good, but not great.    Recently, I went with a friend to the lunch buffet and was very pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed it.  Not sure if anything has changed there or not, but there seemed to be more variety of food to choose from, and more flavor.  I tried to ask the waiter if there were new owners or a new cook at the restaurant, but he only spoke Hindi.  No matter... the food was great and I'm looking forward to heading back soon.
Star Of Indian in Ahwatukee is a gem! The food is excellent & very fresh. I have never eaten anything there that would make me think otherwise. We usually eat our favorite dishes every time we dine there but whenever we try something new it is always a wonderful surprise. The service is excellent, the owners are very nice people and are always willing to go the extra mile to make your visit a great eating experience. I've eaten at other Indian restaurants in the area but none compare and it being so close to where we live (The Foothills) it's a perfect place for us. You must try it once for yourself !!!
I went to star of india when i was in Chandler and i went there to try and it was GOOD! i go there whenever i feel like havingfiid at Star Of India. STAR IF INDIA IS THE BEST !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :)
How can anyone give this place more than 3-stars? The food is overly buttered.  My naan is always burnt.  I ordered dahl and it was burnt. I have been here to eat and ordered take-out three times and each time I am disappointed with the taste of the food.
Lunch buffet until 2.30pm.
i was going to star of india and i ordered shai panner,chicken karuma and garlic naan. so goooood i love it so much my favorite resturant n phoenix
We love this place! Best naan bread ever and the chicken Makhni is excellent! We normally order our dinner to go but it is also a nice place to eat in, nothing spectacular but cozy and romantiquish... If you are around you should give it a try!
My husband I LOVE this place. Sure, it's not a five star restaurant, but they aren't claiming or trying to be. Their food is very, very good, though. My husband is Indian and has probably tried every Indian joint in the valley and we always end up back here. Their Chicken Muknee and any of the saag dishes are our favorite. The naan is also hot, a little yeasty and chewy- melt in your mouth yummm...   By the way, if you don't like buttery food, why are you eating Indian cuisine at all?
Just had them deliver. Very good chicken tikka, very flavorful and I love the garlic naan.
We love this place, the food is fantastic. Great spices and good quality food for the price :)
Service: A+ came on a Friday night couldn't believe how busy such a small place could be but now I know why. Was brought a drink while we waited for a table staff was happy to see us and very friendly.   Atmosphere: A+ small restaurant but very cozy and authentic the walls are filled with Indian art and the music was authentic and cheerful.   Food: wow! Let me say it again! WOW! We were first brought out a complimentary taco shell looking appetizer with a few sauces it was delicious. I then ordered chicken tikka masala (hot), regular rice, and garlic naan. I think I've found my favorite food of all time. Everything was so hot and delicious I will definitely coming back very soon probably twice a week. I've eaten at a few Indian restaurants most recently the "curry corner" and this place is hands down 100% better in every way shape and form.   Price: extremely reasonable for the quality of food. I heard they even have an all you can eat buffet from 11-2 I will definitely be checking it out soon!   Overall for me it's the best Indian food in phx and most likely all of Arizona if you are over on 40th and chandler blvd GO CHECK IT OUT you will not be disappointed.
Great lunch buffet here today. Good selection and tasted freshly made. Good naan, too. I'd go back again.
The flavors here are truly great, if you like garlic and spices this is your place.  So if you have a 2pm business meeting you may want to find something else, but if you want to make your tast buds hit the international disco floor give the lunch buffet a try. There were the usuals, pakoa, aloo tiki, raita, and then mostly common food but well executed.  For me the winners were the saag, a green spinach based concoction packed with garlic and exotic flavors which may even be healthy. The korma was my other favorite with clunks of veggies paneer and a creamy curry sauce.  The meal also inclues garlic naan (nice touch), chai tea and desert.  For desert may I recommend the rasmali. a sweet creamy milk sauce with balls of cheese that have the texture and taste of cake.
The buffet was pretty good, nice selection, though the flavors were a bit understated. I can understand, for a buffet needs to have wide appeal. I just think if people are going to an Indian restaurant they should have a good general idea what they are in for. As such, I would have preferred the food have a bit more of a kick.   Service was decent, casual but friendly. Clean, well set table and and nice ambiance. Maybe a good place to take someone experiencing Indian or the first time, but if you are looking for spice like I was, you might be disappointed.
This place has some the absolute best chicken tikka masal in the valley... The courteous staff makes it even that much better. This dish can range from mild to blow your taste buds hot but they always seem to get it just right unlike other places. I would recommend this place to any and everyone!!!!
My favorite indian restaurant in the Phoenix area.  Staff are very friendly, give good recommendations.  Everything comes out fresh and hot.  They'll make your food as spicy as you can handle.  The meat samosas, chicken curry, chicken tikka masala, shrimp korma, aloo gobhi, naan, and garlic naan were all delicious.  It does take a little time for food to come out but that's because everything is prepared upon order.  Have to say, didn't want to write this review in hopes the place wouldn't get busier but I have to give them their dues.
Very good food and the staff is friendly. The atmosphere is very India, and that's cool cause you definitely get the authentic experience being there. I loved eating with my hands (which is not a requirement, I just did it personally, I think that's what they do in India any way) and that was fun. The drinks are pretty reasonably priced. But for a buffet I would say it tasted pretty fresh and good, not tasting like the usual tasteless stale buffet. Definitely recommend this place!
This place is absolutely amazing.  The service is incredible, and you can tell that they really care about their customers and the food they provide.  It seems to be family-run, and they are extremely attentive and helpful when a dumb American such as myself is trying to order things he doesn't know about or understand.  The food is awesome.  I like spicy food, and I order a '7' out of '10', which gives me some real heat and keeps me reaching for my Kingfisher beer.  Everything is amazing - perfectly spiced, cooked, and portioned.  The atmosphere is wonderful too.  I don't know what a traditional Indian place is supposed to look like, but it's authentic enough for me.  The last time I was here, there was a large indian family sitting near us, and they kept talking about how wonderful the food was, so apparently it's the real deal too.  I confidently give this place 5 stars.  There is nothing I would change.
Star of India was first recommended  to me five years ago but I was a bit hesistant because I had never tried Indian cuisine before and feeling a little adventurous one night we decided to give it a try we were amazed and instantly fell in love with this restaurant from the delicious food to the very kind owners who make sure that each experience there is as good as our first if not better. We have been to other Indian restaurants in the valley and in California but this place by far has won our hearts and taste buds.  We have taken many people here to try Indian food for their first time and each time they too fall in love with this restaurant. We love things extra hot and we are never disappointed with the spicy saag or tikka masala, my daughter loves things on the mild side and they always accommodate to her tastes as well. Don't forget to try the naan or the deserts too...Enjoy.
Been here many times. Good food and service. Never disappointed. I like the ambience in the room. Light music, dim lights and quiet. Just wish the place is bigger. Not much room to move at the table.
the lunch buffet is a great deal. The fresh garlic naan is delicious as is everything else.
Been here three times now over the last few months and the food and service never failed. The tandoori chicken is amazing! Have had it three times now and it didn't disappoint! Another favorite is their malai kofta! So delish! Definitely recommended!!
I visited Star of India with a friend for dinner and we both agreed that it was alright. The service was attentive, which we liked. We had the chicken masala and the lamb vindaloo with garlic naan and rice. The chicken masala (ordered mild) was good, with very tender chicken, but with a little lacking in flavor in the sauce. The lamb was alright... a little tough, as if it was not cooked long enough, and the sauce (ordered medium) was not spicy and, though more flavorful than the masala, it wasn't the most amazing I have had. Overall, it wasn't bad, but it wasn't great. I was also a little disappointed that we were charged for the rice.... really? The dishes (which are not inexpensive) don't come with a tray of rice? Indian food is all about the sauce, the meat isn't meant to be the main part of the meal... so what are you supposed to eat the sauce with? A spoon? It wasn't a huge charge, but I disagree with the concept of it. Anyway, I don't think I will be rushing back, although maybe it is better at lunch time.
Wow. Great food . The chicken tikka masala is the best and the saag paneer is awesome too. Best Indo-Pak restaurant in the Phoenix area and Arizona hands down. They also have a location in Tempe .
Great food. Eat here a lot. Better than most indian places Ive tried. The vegetarian dishes are tasty. Havent really ordered a lot of meat dishes since I enjoy the veggie ones so much.  Have had them screw up pickup orders so i prefer to eat there.
I go here all most every weekend for the weekend lunch buffet. So much good Food and they are cooked so well. I love the Beef Paya (a dish that tacks like 20 hours to cook) and the Bryan is very yummy. they also got a good collection of salads and veg dishes.
Let' s get one thing straight, this is not Indian food. It's Pakastani food. They threw out the word "Indian" to attract more customers however the food is very traditional Pakastani. I didn't think the food was good at all. There are better Pakastani restaurants like Tandoori Times and Tandoori Village.    The only reason this place is still in business is because it is one of the first "Indian"-Pakastani restaurants in the valley and so clueless Phoenicians had no idea what Indian food back then. If this place opened now, it would go out of business with all of the new and better restaurants in the valley.  The restaurant is clearly not for vegetarians and that is no suprise since it is a Pakastani restaurants and Pakastanis are not vegetarians unlike many Indians.  They specialize in the chicken and lamb dishes and much of their food is cooked on the bone in a traditional set up. There isn't much flare or professional chef-like appeal tot he food.  It has a very homestyle Pakastanie cuisine. As a result the food is not that spicy and doesn't pack a lot of heat but it does have flavor. Again, I'm biased because I'm not Pakastani and I prefer Indian food which is spicier and richer (greasier). However, if you are Pakastani, I think you wil enjoy this restaurant as it does have a very authentic Pak style cuisine.
Situated right beside the awesome Cornish Pasty Co., at first glance this place comes across as a curio shop. There are show windows decorated with Islamic art pieces and carpets. This restaurant scores points on the ambiance. Unlike other dingy South Asian places that I've been to, this one has a sealed-out kitchen to keep their customers from a smelly experience.   Since the menu is predominantly Pakistani and Mughlai it is best for vegetarians to skip this place unless of course they are happy with a couple of paneer dishes, Indian breads and appetizers. It is also useful to be aware of the slow cooking that goes into Mughlai food that makes it flavourful in a different way. People who visit this place expecting a mish-mash of spicy curries might be disappointed.   When we went there we found that a young fellow was managing the show. We went ahead with the lassi, palak paneer, naan, sindhi chicken biryani and the lamb curry. Satisfied with the first three courses we wanted to round up our dinner with phirni. The young fellow (presumably the owner's son) wanted to pass off kheer as phirni but since we knew the difference we cancelled the order.   Overall it was a good experience and we'll be going back for more.
I love this place. It's great Pakistani food near my house. The chicken boti is really good and the naan is acceptable. Last night a few of my party said things were too spicy so if that's not your bag, have them knock down the spice a little for you.   The service was great. We had a group of 6 and the man was accommodating and friendly. We had drinks all evening and he brought us food when it was ready. It was quick and tasty.   If memory serves, they do not have alcohol but you may bring your own wine to share at your table (we've done that several times here).
Just been there once, but their Chicken with mint, cilantro, garlic and ginger is AWESOME!!!   I would like to try something else next time!
If you want spicy, this is where you need to be! The food was excellent, service was also very good. I had the Shrimp Balti with rice, and the chicken with mint sauce. Just all around yummy- and I will be back to try more things!  I was fine with the spice level, but if you aren't a fan of spice then even the milder dishes might be too much.
I like Copper Kettle in Tempe, so it was fun to get together with Norm R., & Mike C. today to give Copper Kettle Mesa a try.  It's larger inside, & much fancier than the other one... very nice!  There were about 20 main food items, which is adequate for this place, & everything was delicious.  The food here is Pakistani, similar to Indian, but perhaps with more meat dishes & tending toward the spicy...  especially the diced veggies for the salad.  LOOK OUT!!  They vary the menu somewhat from day to day, so rather than try to itemize, I'll just say that I think it'll be real good on the day when YOU come, too!  With all this wonderfulness, though, you get Grumpy Uncle.  Eek!  Minus 1-Star.  Lunch Buffet $8.50    :-))
The food is fairly good.  That's why it's such a shame that the service sucks!  Every time I have gone there, they take forever to bring you water, take your order, bring out food, everything - even when you are the only people in the entire place.  They are always unfriendly.  Out order has been incorrect on a couple occasions.  I really wish they had better service.  I just won't go there anymore because of that.
Bring a fire extinguisher! Well, not really, but you do have to be a tad careful about the capsaicin level of some of the dishes here, they're pretty high on the Scoville scale. Rand H., Mike C. and I tried the buffet here today and I must say I'm a fan! (that's what 4 stars is supposed to mean, right?) The dishes are truly tasty with varying degrees of heat, from extremely mild to thermonuclear. My suggestion is, get a tiny sample of each, try them all in small bites at first, and on your next trips to the buffet trays, indulge in those dishes whose heat level you like. I found pretty much all dishes - meat, veggies and legumes - to be good. The tamarind chutney was a bit watery, and they didn't have mint-cilantro chutney, which is my preferred condiment for taming the heat of this kind of cuisine. I'm glad I managed to have room for dessert, because their rice pudding was heavenly.
Yay I am a fan. Norm R. Rand H.went out to Mesa to try this Pakistani buffet.Well the place was well decorated and not to big. The buffet is your average east indian size about 20 items. 19  were very good and one set my mouth on fire. The meat dishes were very tasty I really liked the chicken tika witch is almost the same as tandoori chicken with a bit more of a barbecue taste.The veggies were all very good  and prepared a little different then what i am use to. I gave this place 4 stars on the food i am a fan and would look forward to a trip back there the service only rates 2 stars though. So if you like east indian food you will enjoy the copper kettle
Not a bad place for Indian food, but it's definitely not my first choice.  I felt the food relied a bit too much on salt. Other diners complained of spiciness - I think it's more saltiness that comes across as spicy. I just knew food was salty when I ended up guzzling down a fair bit of water when I got home...and my fingers swelled so much I wondered if they used MSG.  Service was excellent - most attentive and extremely friendly. Sadly, I won't be coming back because of the overkill on salt.
Every dish I have ever had here has been amazing.  Fragrant, spicy, full of flavor.  As stated before, the service is excellent.  I've tried about 10 dishes here and every time I thought to myself, "god damn this is good!".  They are also very knowledgeable about their food and their ingredients and can customize dishes to your dietary restrictions and/or guide you to a more appropriate dish.  Please be aware that they only serve their full ala carte menu at night, during the day was buffet only and the last time we went they only had 2 dishes which were dairy-free, so we had to bounce, which was super disappointing because I was fiending their food.  Do yourself a favor, if you're a fan of lemonade, and try theirs, it's amazing.
The other night my girlfriends and I were starving after a book and author event that we attended at Dobson High School.  Craving Indian food, we stopped into Copper Kettle which is located in the closest shopping center to the school.  It's not often that I feel invisible, but the poor service we received here made me feel that way.  There were only two other occupied tables when we walked in, and the wait staff made me feel like I was intruding on something important.  They were all standing around a table and I had to actually make eye contact to get the head nod directing us to our seats.  After asking for water three times, we finally got it WITH our entrees (not to mention that you can't order a Kingfisher to wash your meal down because they don't sell alcoholic beverages).  Yes, they ignored all of our requests for something to drink until they could bring it with our food.  The food was actually fine.  We ordered three vegetarian dishes - the lentils, vegetable curry and a cauliflower dish.  The spice level was right but the portions were pretty small.  And, they charge for rice.   That's one of my biggest pet peeves.  Has the price of basmati rice gone up so much that you have to make me feel silly for asking if it's included?  I love Indian/Pakistani food, but the poor service here was more memorable than my stomach's happiness so I don't think I'll be returning if I find myself in the area again.
I've eaten here several times and I think the food tastes very good. The buffet is the only way to go here because the meals are overpriced and  portions are small,  Now the service is horrible, inattentive at best , I don't feel welcomed and the servers I have had were flippant and the last time argued with us regarding the tea, we were served tea that was old but he insisted it was fine. Kinda aggravating. So if you are just looking for some good indian buffet, with out service not a bad place.
In the mood for Indo-Pakistani food?  Come here on a weekend and you will not be disappointed.  Each and every time my daughters attend a weekend birthday party, my wife is the one that takes them.  Where does daddy go?  I go to Copper Kettle for a lunch buffet.  I am very fond of the seemingly endless combinations of flavors and textures Indo-Paki food presents.  I am no stranger to spicy food.  I love it and it loves me.  Whenever I get a chance to go to Copper Kettle, I am in my "happy place".  Let's say you are a first-timer.. All you need to do is tell the server and he/she will take you on a tour of the buffet tables and give you an impromptu education on the cuisine.  I know this because a few years ago, my wife felt very inquisitive and asked about the dishes they were offering.  She found the waiter to be very helpful.  The best way to can "break the ice", experience and learn about another culture is to eat their food.  Give this place a try.  You'll be glad you did.
I feel that I'm cursed with the fact that I'm a small girl who has a boyfriend with a large appetite. He always wants to go to buffets and I always feel like it's a waste because I usually can barely finish off one plate.  We came into Kopper Kettle since it's right next to one of our other favorite restaurants. The service was extraordinary. The manager/owner asked us if we had ever eaten there before. We told him it was our first time and I had eaten indian food before but he was new to it. He then took us around the buffet and explained each dish to us, what was in it...the level of spicy...and what it goes best with. It was the nicest thing ever because my biggest fear in restaurants is mystery meat since I can't eat pork or shellfish.   The owners wife was our waitress and she kept our drinks filled and was constantly asking if everything was good or not. Which by the way IT WAS. I've had a lot of indian food but their buffet really took the cake. It was wonderful.   At the end of our meal we were surprised however, because the total for two buffet dinners was almost forty bucks! The food and service were amazing but forty bucks seemed a little steep to me. Maybe if I was a normal American who could wolf down four plates and then go back for dessert it would be worth it...but whenever I go to buffets I feel sort of ripped off since I can't take anything home and I barely eat.     Overall~ Food: Amazing Service: Amazing Atmosphere: Amazing Price: Disappointing
I am not an expert on Indo-Pakistani-etc food, so you can take my review with a grain of... spice.  THE FOOD  I've been here twice so far and would like to think that my delicate taste buds are getting accustomed to the spiciness. I have not tried the buffet, just the table service. The portions are reasonably sized and food comes out quickly. The mango lassi is a must if you are a weakling like me for just about any of the dishes. If you are truly weak, asking for "mild" might still be too much for you, but then you probably should've tried Arby's instead. I tried Tandoori Chicken Tikka the last time I was here.  SETTING  Every time I was here, the number of guests was pretty low and I had a choice of booth or tables. The spacing is reasonable, the lights are just right and there are no funky smells coming from the kitchen, so I would say the place is exactly what you'd expect for the price.  SERVICE  Attentive and not overwhelming. Even towards the end of the night when the waiter obviously didn't want to wait any more, everything was served swiftly and water refilled just in time.  OVERALL  I will definitely come back, the mango lassi has my heart. I wish the prices were a bit lower, but there are no surprises in what you get for your money.
I know this place a little too well. Hmm lets see, most Indian ocassions I attend get their food catered by Copper Ketle. So, over the course of a couple of years, I've eaten this food over 30-40 times. That's a lot.  The naan and chicken is good. This is the staple of good Indian food. If you can't do good naan and tandoori chicken, you fail as an Indian restaurant. They also have pretty good qorma, tikka, etc. Biryani is hit or miss, its never terrible, but its never 5-star.   If you eat the food at a catered event it is very hit or miss, sometimes the meat in the qorma is just BAD. Either its too fatty, or too boney, or not enough meat. At the restaurant its a much different experience.  The only other issue that keeps this from getting 5-stars is the cleanliness. I hate to bring this up, but there are rumors that the restaurant shut down due to food inspection (and they only catered until the restaurant reopened). i'm not picky about cleanliness, as long as i don't find out about it i don't care, but this is somewhat troublesome.
It's been over a year since I reviewed this nice Pakistani buffet, so it seemed time to come give Grumpy Uncle & his nice restaurant another try.  Also, since my last visit, his sister's place, which would be Surly Auntie's Copper Kettle in Tempe, has closed.  That's too bad, as I really liked the cozy little place, & it was closer to home for me.  Ok, so Jeromy H. joined me for this outing, & the upside for me in dining here today was that this Copper Kettle continues to offer a nicely decorated, clean dining room featuring somewhat unusual South Asian buffet foods, including beef, which of course you wouldn't see at an Indian buffet.  Also, the low price of $8.50 remains the same as it was before.  On the negative side, the rice & the Tandoori Chicken were both a little blah, & there were empty, unused trays at the serving table.  This is not ok, & Uncle should have at least put out a few slices of Bell Pepper or whatever in the otherwise unused trays.  You don't just leave them sitting there empty.  This is still an "OK" place, & a regular menu is offered, but no alcohol, in keeping with Islam.
A friend and I were in the mood for Indian food last night for dinner, the place that I wanted to try happened to be closed due to storm damaged, still didn't want to give up on the idea of having Indian cuisine for dinner, she suggested Copper Kettle, which I have been meaning to try for awhile now. We went inside the restaurant and waited to be seated. I have to say service was excellent, never once did we have to ask for our drinks to be refilled and they were very attentive to our needs.  For starters we ordered  hummus & the tandoori naan basket, we picked Onion & Garlic, The Garlic Naan was crisp and garlic was not over powering but my favorite was the Onion Naan, it had saut  diced onions layered in the center of the bread, so delicious both went well with their Mint Sauce! We ordered Pea Pulao, which was outstanding and very flavorful. Also ordered the Ginger Balti Chicken and Tikka Masala Chicken and on both dishes the chicken was tender and juicy, though the ginger chicken was great & full of flavor I just couldn't get enough of the Tikki Masala! Since it was my 1st time there I am definitely going back & will work my way through the menu!
Rand H. and I went here for lunch and the food was good and the place was nice. It was early 11:00AM so we had the place to ourselves. But I wasn't over joyed by it. If you want this kind of food it's one of the few places like it in the valley.The owner was there greeting and serving the drinks. But there were two or three empty trays. I did as Norm R. suggested and sampled everything I thought I might like and went back for full servings of what I liked. I gave it three stars.
"Exotic warm spicey radiantly delicious, everything I tasted got better and better" says my wife. We had the chicken tikka masala, the matar paneer, pea pulao (basmati rice) and a garlic & cilantro nan. The portions were generous. We haven't had much Indian (or Pakistani) food before, but just the past week we had some while visiting Sedona, and it's very interesting to see the different styles of preparation.  The masala at Copper Kettle was thicker and I don't think the sauce was spiced as much (as the place in Sedona), the chicken in the masala on the other hand was spiced beautifully (fairly hot).  There was a buffet available (at dinner), but we opted for fresh preparation, and although we waited a little bit for our food, it was worth it.. The staff was very friendly and assisted us with our selection.  We look forward to our next visit!
this should be  -5stars  food was terrible to put it midly.  biryani was stale and dry. the rice must have been on the heater since morning tasted bad and rice as bone dry and hard. pakoda was a joke was not properly fried and tasted of batter. jamoon tasted of oil after first bite. chicken tikka was sweet. the only eatable dish was naan and ginger chicken. they charged 11.5 for buffer wasnt worth even 2 dollars. please look else where for good food. for good biryani try sabri nehri on devon in chicago
In Scottsdale for vacation used Yelp and Zabihah.com to find some halal eats. Came across this place and said "why not"?   When we got there the place was empty. It was a sunday night around 8 so figured there might be one or two people but it was bone dry. Ordered food as we were so hungry. Nice wait staff, very helpful. I ordered the tandoori mixed grill and the wife and little princess wanted to have paya. I thought the tandoori mixed grill was ok. Some of it was dry but there were two delectable morsels of chicken covered in some sort of yogurt sauce that were amazing. Both ladies loved the paya. On the way home I developed some gatrointestinal issues. Man, it hurt. Could it  have been from the food I just ate? Not sure but it was tough driving back to Scottsdale as there were some tense issues. I have a sensitive stomach so no doubt some of it was my own issues. Ladies didn't have any discomfort.   We returned the next day for the lunch buffet. Nothing fancy and nothing amazing, just your average fare. I wish they could have had more meat in the buffet.   Overall, not a bad place but nothing amazing. When we came in for the buffet it was also empty but then two more families showed up as well. We may go back if we are in the area again.
The food was great! I loved goat and lamb curry ( I forgot the name of the food). The price was quite high for lunch buffet that open till 3pm (its about $12). Its the same price if you go to Pasific Buffet but you can get more choices ..lol. The only thing that less interesting was the service. The guy who working as a cashier served us that time. He didn't smile, didn't answer everytime we said thank you (I mean, you should be polite to customer, at least, right?!), and he didn't care about our water drink until we asked for it. Even with those experienced, I like to give 4 stars just because the food was very very yummy! Delicioso!!! I would like to go back (but might be in different time.lol..who knows, I might get another waiter that more friendly than that man..lol )
Is it possible to have two horrible experiences in one weekend? Damn.   Fuck my life. It is.  I have family in town, so naturally, everyone wants to go to the most ethnic place possible. We go to the Copper Kettle in Mesa. I'd been here before and my experience wasn't bad. I liked it. This time around though, I felt like I wanted to kill myself.  We walked in, it was busy. Great. Good sign, that must mean that people like the place. I noticed there was a buffet in the back. All the food looked fucking miserable. Of course it did. It's a buffet. What self-respecting person would eat ethnic food at a buffet?  In any case, we are seated. 15 minutes later, we get 3 menus. 5 people at the table. 9 minutes after that, we all get plastic coke classes of ice water (I shouldve been conservative on this 98 degree day, because this was the only water I got-- no refill).   We ordered our food, and it was fucking useless. The chicken was undercooked. My mom ordered the beef chapli kabob, which came out to the table sizzling....seemingly great, only to make EVERYONE in the restaurant cough, and give us dirty looks.  My poor aunt had specially requested no chilis in her dish, and of course, her dish had EXTRA chili. My aunt requested all of this in Hindi and Urdu....native languages to these people. What the shit is wrong here?  After we got our food, no one came back to check up on us. On this hot spring day, we never got refills on our waters. I guess now I know what it's like to be welcomed to the desert. Thanks a lot Copper Kettle.   Also, with the undercooked chicken, my family and I are probably going to get sick from salmonella. Kidding. But seriously.  I am Indian and my Dad was born in Pakistan. I can judge this food and service. I can't come back here. This place is a joke.   Getting a server was like what I imagine it's like to hail a cab in New York City. They see you. They know you ask for their help. They know you are a paying customer, but don't really care about you and go on with their day.  Bottom line....  No respectable Indian or Pakistani should/would eat here. Or Human for that matter.  Never coming back.  There has got to be a better place in town...
Awesome food, fair prices, great service, very authentic...they are great for kids and will modify the spice to your taste.
A very, very nice Pakistani buffet.  Every single thing we had was delicious and seemed very fresh.  The service was perfunctory (it's a buffet) but friendly.  And quite a bargain at $11.50 per person.  Highly recommended.
01/2012 moved to sw alma school & warner (s end of shopping center)
Pretty good Indian cuisine!  The service was excellent; our waiter was very attentive with water and checking up on us.  The food was a tad-bit over-priced for what it is.  It was excellent, however.  There are many vegetarian dishes.  My personal favorite is the Malai Kofta.  I also ordered a fried cheese appetizer, and it was very good, though it came out after my entre.  The place is a little bit slow too, though not due to staff.  I think the problem may be a slower kitchen.  Everything tasted fresh and delicious!  I used my Entertainment book discount for a buy one, get one entre, and I would come back!
I went back to India Gate recently and was delighted!  I swear the taste and quality of everything has improved, as has the service.  Our servers were all very attentive, though not pushy.  Everything was excellent; my party ate every last bite.  I think the prices may have been reduced, though I'm not certain.  I ordered the same: Paneer Pakora (fried cheese appetizer I highly recommend) and Malai Kofta.  Both are outstanding!  I will be back!  My new favorite Indian cuisine in Chandler!
Only been there a couple of times, but the food has been consistently good.  Not great but good.  Prices were reasonable and the staff has been attentive.  Worth giving it a shot.
I just recently had my fourth visit to India Gate for the lunch buffet. I must say the place has grown on me. The selection is large and the food is hot and fresh. The lineup changes often for the buffet but usually consists of a couple curries, masala, a chickpea dish and maybe some goat (which I have yet to try)and rice pudding for dessert.  Service isn't always very friendly or outgoing, but it's all very functional and efficient. Naan is refilled quickly and regularly as are the drinks.  Take time to enjoy the jamming Indian music that is played. You might catch yourself doing some toe tapping. India Gate is a great place for lunch if you want to give Indian cuisine a try or if you're a regular. I highly recommend.
I was on a date with my daughter, dammit.  Here's how it works:  every other Wednesday each of us takes a daughter out to dinner.  That way we get to have dinner with each of our daughters once a month.  It's a great opportunity to check in -- hopefully they will open up at some point.  Anyway, this time my oldest picked Indian.  I was thrilled.  Usually they both pick Chinese and, much as I like it, it does get tiresome.  Meanwhile, back at the review, we ordered the meat appetizer.  This had a couple kinds of chicken, a meat samosa and lamb kabob.  It was fine, not bad, not brilliant.  My daughter got chicken tikka masala, her favorite.  I tried a ginger kabob at the waiter's suggestion.  These, too, were fine.  No fine dining but not bad.  At this point I didn't realize that they nickel and dime you so I was still oblivious as to what this mediocre food was going to cost me.  Then we went to the bathroom.  We were nearly done and my daughter asked me to accompany her.  That's where we saw it -- the cockroach.  It was easily an inch long before you got to the antenna.  To be fair it was dead.  But at some point it had been alive and had had plenty of time to grow oddly large.  Now I realize that I'm new to PHX and there are palmetto bugs here but I used to live in an old brownstone in the city and I know a cockroach when I see it.  It was right under the empty toilet paper dispenser.  I told the waiter that the toilet paper dispenser was empty, hoping that he'd see the roach and know that I saw it.  I paid the bill and left, intent on warning yelpers everywhere.
I think this is the worst Indian food I've ever had. Went in there last Wednesday and we were the only people. I should have taken that as a cosmic sign from the universe and back out the door but alas, I decided to go against my woman's intuition and gave it a try. The food looked like they were cooked around Valentine's. The taste wasn't much better. It didn't even taste like Indian in any sense of the word. To add to that, the staff were strangely enamored with my party. It felt like they were literally hovering around our table, eyes wide and beetle-like. I was actually pretty scared now that I think about it. I just smiled and gulped down the meal as quickly as I could and we high-tailed it out of there.
This place is good for a quick scoff and run. The food is pretty decent (the Chicken Tikka Masala has never let me down here) although their onion Bhajis need some work and the service is usually prompt and efficient. Don't come for atmosphere though, talk about over lit! It's like eating under the spotlights of an evening sports event.
In Phoenix, there are essentially 3 types of Indian restaurants. None of the restaurants in the valley can compare to good ones in real cities but there are some good ones: Royal Taj, Guru Palace, Dehli Palace. Then there are tolerable ones: India Palace, Tandoori Times, Indian Paradise and then there is everything else (places you shouldn't go to).  India Gate is one of these places.  I'm Indian and we tend to be picky about which Indian restaurants we eat at. Just like you wont find a Sicilian at the Olive Garden, yoy won't find a Desi at India Gate unless they work at Intel and are too lazy to drive to a decent restaurant.
Their lunch buffet is rockin'. Since we were practically the only ones there on a Tuesday, I asked him to spice it up on the dishes and they did! Everything was delicious! The reason I'm not giving India Gate 5 stars is because they're a bit over priced for most Indian food places in town by like 2 dollars on their main dishes, but other than that great food and excellent service.
I actually really enjoy this place, and I'm kind of a brat about Indian food. The food isn't the best ever, by any means, but it's always been pretty damn good. The service has always been attentive, friendly and lighthearted- they always make sure that we have a good time. I've never been to their buffet (buffets make me nervous at restaurants where that's not ALL that they do) so I can't comment on the quality there, but my dinners have always seemed fresh and high quality. The ambience is nice and I, personally, found the lighting to be at a nice dim level. The price is good too.  A great place to take first timers who are afraid of Indian food.
I tried the lunch buffet here today.  It wasn't bad, and it was better than an Indian place I tried in Ahwatukee two weeks ago.  The rice, Dahl, Garlic naan, and ground lamb were all good.  The Chicken korma was a bit bland for my taste and the sauce was pretty thin.  The pakoora was a little tough as was the gulab jamin.  Overall, not bad, I would eat here again, but I will continue to search for a better indian place in the East Valley.  The lunch buffet was $10.91 with tax, service was decent.  c
Last week I had this mad hankering for some Indian food and I thought I would give the India Gate a try since it's right down the street from my office.  It's a pretty typical Indian buffet; they have Indian rice, chicken curry, chicken tandoori, ground lamb, and enough vegetables to satisfy any of your vegan friends looking for a buffet.  I went as soon as they opened at 11:00 and everything was hot and fresh.  Service was decent, I didn't understand a word they said but they brought me naan without requesting it and kept my water glass full.  I wouldn't say this place blew my skirt up or would win any awards, but if you are looking for a quick scoot in and scoot out for some Indian food, it will suffice.  Quick tip: go out to their website to get the coupon for the lunch buffet before you go.
I've always been a big fan of Indian food, but as a newbie to the Valley, I wasn't quite sure where to get my vegetable korma fix. I mentioned this in passing to one of my coworkers, and he emphatically suggested India Gate, saying it was the best Indian food he has had in Valley, even after conducting a lengthy but informal taste test of the Valley's other Indian offerings. He then warned me that it would look like a hole-in-the-wall, with a secluded location within a Chandler shopping center.    So, when I had a particularly powerful hankering for Indian food one night, I decided to make the trip from north Tempe to west Chandler to check out this place once and for all.  And I wasn't disappointed. This is, indeed, a gem of a restaurant.  I decided on the bhindi masala, which is okra cooked with onions, tomatoes and spices. I am a big fan of okra, which, sadly, doesn't seem to make it onto many restaurant menus. My dish was incredibly flavorful and one of the most memorable of the year. I have since returned to try India Gate's malai kofta (vegetable dumplings in an incredible cheese sauce,  vegetable korma,  veggie fried rice, bengan bharta and samosas. Everything has proved to be delicious.  However, the restaurant is not without its drawbacks. The service I've received has been awkward at best, if not a touch rude. Also, many on the serving staff speak with thick Indian accents that I found hard to understand. Once, I even received the garlic naan instead of the plain naan because I couldn't understand my waiter when he was repeating my order back to me. For some, I realize that would be a pretty cool mistake, but garlic gives me heartburn surely invented by El Diablo himself. I would go here even more often if it weren't for the communication barrier.  Like my coworker, I highly recommend this place as one of the Valley's tastiest., even when considering the less than desirable service I've received there. It's a particularly great place for take-out; there's even a coupon for 15 percent off take-out orders on its website.
The review is for the buffet only. I visit often since it is near my workplace.  The food is just all right but lacks the variety. I wish they add a few more dishes (like seafood or lamb) rather than those tasteless sweets.
I was staaarving today at lunchtime so when my husband suggested the Indian buffet, I was so down! Everything was really good, I haven't had vegetable pakoras in years, so yummy. The only thing I'd say was lacking is the decor. The first room you walk into is fine, but then there is another huge room, that's half empty. It's kinda weird.   I'm happy to hear that they are going to start offering a dinner buffet starting in September. The waiter also said that the dinner buffet will offer more variety that lunch, including some seafood. YAY.
Very good food, great service.
This is the second time we visited India Gate. The service was as good as the last time we were there. The waiters are attentive and friendly, willing to explain in detail what and how each dishes were made (for those of us who has no idea what some of the items are on the menu)  Cozy place to have a nice meal, reasonable price.
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits): 8 Food 10 Service 7 Atmosphere 6 Value  For me, when it's time for Indian, it's India Gate vs. Cafe Krishna.  India Gate has superior service, meat, and alcohol.  Cafe Krishna has a better atmosphere, better desserts (more cardamom, which I love), and is a much better bang for your buck.  So it's tough.  I do prefer Krishna a little more b/c i really dislike Gate's golden mirrored surroundings and love cardamom.  Though I also like Gate's Indian wines and super attentive service.  Though Krishna is a little cheaper....  dammit!  So basically I just go back and forth.
I'm still on a buffet binge and Indian food sounded like a nice change of pace.  After driving around "the hood" aka the 24th St. and Thomas area after a meeting today, I was unable to find a suitable buffet.  So, I headed back to Chandler.  I thought I remembered driving by an Indian restaurant on Chandler Blvd. at one point and was pleasantly surprised when I found India Gate.  The atmosphere is sort of cozy ethnic,and  reminds me of the Bay Area .  I was seated quickly and I thought the service was friendly considering the language barrier.  I was impressed by the selections on the lunch buffet and thoroughly enjoyed everything I tried.  The food was hot, fresh and with what appeared to be good quality meat (tried lamb curry and chicken vindaloo) and the heat factor was moderate.  The best part about the meal with the garlic naan....pure carb heaven.   It's $9.99 which is somewhat higher than some other buffets at lunch, but I felt the overall experience was well worth it.
I went here for dinner and only got the buffet because I couldn't decide what to order off the menu. I really enjoyed the chicken tikka masala. I like mildly spicy food and this was perfect. The rest of the food was kind of bland. The dinner buffet was $10.99; I think that is reasonably priced but it was the first Indian buffet I've ever had so I can't compare. The service was outstanding.
Dropped into this large Indian Buffet restaurant for lunch today.  The Naan bread was seasoned & burnt just a little (that's good, not bad) & sliced nicely.  Over at the serving table was the usual (simple) Indian salad, & then it was on to the hot trays.  The meat dishes were Chicken Curry, Tandoori Chicken, & Keema Matter (lamburger).  Then there was the usual spinich, potatoes, ground carrots, & a couple of other things.  Overall, the weekday lunch selection was a little sparse, the food a little salty (even for me!), the seating less than ideal (no booths), & Indian music was playing too loudly.  On a positive note, there was some good Rasmalai.  This is a dessert of homemade cottage cheese balls with bits of pistachios in it, floating in a cream sauce.  Lunch Buffet:  7 days $9.99.  (More food selections on Sat. & Sun.)  Dinner Buffet:  $10.99.  (More food selections than weekday lunch.)  Regular menu also available, as well as "to-go" from either the menu or the buffet, & there's a full bar  There's also a banquet room with a small stage & a dance floor.
I went to India Gate with my boyfriend and had a great experience. The interior design was pleasant, the music was energetic, and the servers were extremely nice and helpful. We ordered paneer pakora as our appetizer and cheese naan. Both were undoubtedly delicious. For drinks, my boyfriend ordered the Merlot while I got the Cabernet Shiraz Indian wine they offered. The Indian wine was a real treat and the Merlot wasn't too bad itself. I don't remember exactly what my boyfriend got for his main dish but it contained shrimp and he loved it. My main course was the vegetarian dinner: Soup, two curries, daal maharani, rice, raita, naan, and kheer. While everything tasted perfect, my favourite was definitely the vegetable soup which consisted of lentils, numerous vegetables, and just the right amount of spices and herbs.
Unfortunately, the trip to India gate restaurant in chandler was a waste of time. The only good thing was that we had a buy one get one free coupon. The staff stood at the bar and stared the entire meal. They even brought us items off of the buffet... and we didn't order the buffet. i expected my food to be freshly prepared... all of it. even the naan. Maybe we hit them on a bad night. None-the-less, we wont be back.
Delicious great  food accepts restaurant.com coupons but you really don't need them as the prices are quite reasonable.
This is like the 4th Indian food review I'm writing in one night...So, I'll make a rubric:  for the buffet: Naan: indian food staple - 5 star Tandoori chicken: another indian food staple - 5 star curry selection: bleh, i'm a little picky, it was a decent selection -3 star desserts: decent selection, gulab jamun was good, not a fan of the other stuff - 4star service: good  by the way, i just made the cardinal sin of referring to curry as 'curry'. there is no such thing. qorma, tikka, salan, etc are all your 'curry' dishes, but they are all very different and using those words makes it much more apparent as to what you can expect from the sauce.  decent indian food if you're in AZ. the search continues for some indian food that compares to the stuff you get in cali.
It was pretty good. But I dont know much about Indian food. It was better than the only other place I've been too which had dirty grey chicken in its dishes. Taste was good.
I honestly expected it to be a sad imitation of Indian food in Arizona, and I was wrong! The decor was definitely Indian, the service was friendly, and overall, I was pleasantly surprised with the aesthetic authenticity of the place.   I had their $10.99 buffet, and thought it was really pretty good, but my Indian friends pointed out that it was clearly sub-par, and not made from scratch. I pointed out that it was only 11 dollars, and all-you-can-eat, and we called it even. They had a good selection of different foods, a TV playing the basketball game that was big enough to see, but placed in such a way that it didn't demand attention or take away from the dining.  Honestly, if this place were located in India, it'd be fast food. In a more diverse state, like California or New York, it'd only garner a 2-Star rating. But in Arizona, where Indian food is more scarce than rain, it's a solid 3 stars. I came in and had a good meal for less than 15 dollars, and left. Solid in every respect, and it apparently has all 12 Indian people who live in the state in its employ for added authenticity. I kinda wish the prices were lower, but this ended up working for me.   As an analogy, it's like the El Torito of Indian food. Not as good as it would be if it were made from scratch, or with better ingredients, but clearly a step up from Del Taco. I left feeling alright with everything. Not great, but not underwhelmed, either. If you're in the area, and desperate for Indian food (or if your friends want to eat at the nearby Heart Attack Grill, and you can't stomach the place,) this is a good standby restaurant. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there, but I wouldn't necessarily avoid it.
We've been to many Indian food spots in the past but this is by far our favorite. The food is always on point and we are always greeted with a smile.
Been in for the buffet twice.  Nice selection of food.  Price is good and naan is delicious.  Great service each time we visit.
I enjoy the lunch buffet here, not a huge selection but enough to make me very full. Great naan bread.
good food overall, $10 for lunch is over my budget but the naan rocks (garlic and parsley flecks)   our 4y/o ate free!   good stuff
Pretty decent Indian at a good price.  Garlic naan was very good as was the Chicken curry and Tandoori chicken.  Desserts were pretty decent as were the saag paneer, malai kofta and beef vindaloo.  Can't beat the $8 weekday lunch buffet price which includes masala tea.
Lamb was tough, chicken was dry, the sauces were too oily.  Decently flavored sauces and the soup was very nice, but I won't be back.
Ah very good. I love the biriyani with lamb and chicken.....Lamb curry wasn't bad either. The garlic naan was on par. Oh also it seems they have shrimp and beef curry.....nomnomnomnom.   Wait I thought the cow was holly.....nomnomnomnom.
I didn't want to write a review for this place because my husband loves it and I love my husband. However after a recent dose of South Asian food in New York we believe that Phoenix has a lot of catching-up to do. The more we condone the production of greasy fare on dirty plates the more we fall behind. Pull up your socks buddies because soon my newly educated husband will also fall off your patron-list!
Let's see, yummy , yummy, yummy and , yummy.  What else can I say.  I'm a sucker for Indian food and this place did not disappoint.
I'm starting to get the hang of Indian food, and as George Costanza would say: "I'm Loving It !".  So when a friend suggested an Indian buffet, I was all over it.  India Gate is great, not pretentious or over the top, with a good sized menu, oh but I didn't want the menu Georgie, I wanted the buffet.  It had all of my favorites like palak paneer and matter paneer, plus some new favorites like the minced lamb and green chutney.  I love their lunch buffet and stop by at least twice a month, but I was unimpressed with the lamb vindaloo entree from the menu. The lamb was tough and had gristle. Boo Gristle... Hooray Beer!
Indian food.  Lunch Buffet.  Rice pudding.  Nuff said.
Go here for sure!  If you like Indian food then India Gate in Chandler is a sure stop. They have a daily lunch buffet and dinner buffet on the weekend. They also provide a menu from which to order.  My husband and I love to eat here ...we usually opt for the dinner buffet as it makes for an instant dinner and it is very reasonably priced. Also the food is really flavorful and delicious!  The always have a variety of non-vegetarian and vegetarian dishes available which is really convenient as I lean towards a vegetarian diet whenever I have the option. My husband - a born carnivore - prefers the complete opposite.  The service has always been very apt and we have only had good experiences at this restaurant. I know that another India Gate was planned to open at the corner of Higley and Baseline Rd.
Before dining here, I had never tried Indian cuisine before, so I was very excited to try this place out with my boyfriend (whose an Indian food lover!) We went on a Friday night and the place was calm. Rather cute little place actually. I ordered the Chicken Korma with rice and naan bread, my boyfriend and I both thought it was all delicious but I don't think I will be going back anytime soon. The service was poop, They have a TV in the eating area that seemed to reeeeally be distracting the waiter, because he was so spaced out the entire time, this lady (wife of the owner, maybe?) Kept dashing around yapping on her phone, and the fella behind the bar kept staring when we were obviously done with our meal and were waiting patiently for someone to come by. Eventually he came by and brought us our check, but It was a very awkward atmosphere in general, which is a shame because the food was very good.  Guess it's fine, because I tried making Indian food this weekend and it was a success! I even made naan bread. Yum.
Very good lunch specials! I went here for dinner and had a great meal. I will definitely come back to try some more new, delicious meals.
Delicious Indian food buffet! What more can I say? It's affordable and the service was nice too.
I love Indian food but this place just sets the bar...I've tried several similar locations in town, but this place is the best in my opinion. Their garlic nan is well seasoned and just the right texture, their lamb curry has great flavor without letting the heat do all the work and their dinner sampler selection is lovely. Each side dish on the platter was great to sample. Their tables are small and cozy and they also feature a buffet though me and the hubby chose to just dine-in with service. This place is a must try. Also, Groupon featured these guys for a great deal which made the experience thrifty as well as tasty ;)
This restaurant is steadily declining. Been a long time customer (10 plus years). The service and the selection is dwindling. The meat is not fresh or it's over cooked. I  purchased a restaurant.com gift certificate, and they refused to honor it accordingly AND assessed an automatic 18% gratuity to the bill. (I did the buffet. PLEASE!) I won't be returning to this restaurant again. You shouldn't either.
We got a groupon deal and decided to try out this place. I went on a Sunday. There are on one other table beside us. We thought that is not a good sign.  I ordered lamb. It was good, but not fantasy. When the bill come, it was a little more expensive than I thought. Oh, I forgot to mentioned their dish doesn't come with rice or bread. I have been eating Asian food all the time. What kind of Asian dish doesn't come with rice. I will not return even with groupon.
Food was good. That being said, the service was so bad it was uncomfortable. The waiter didn't so much as nod at us, rather just came to stand at our table and stare at us. We, assuming he wanted to take our order, gave it, and he grunted and walked away. That's as much communication as we got the whole time, no lie.  We won't be back.
Atmosphere was good. Service was good. That's about all. They are pricy ($40 for two people and small portions) and they either overcharged or charge for all parts of the meal (ie rice). All in all, won't be going back.
= = = = = =  CLOSED!  = = = = = =  This Buffet hasn't "MOVED"!  it folded!  it closed!  Kaput!     :-O  Taj Indian Cuisine now lives at this address & it's ok.     :-)
= = = = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET  = = = = = =  So what's the deal here...  1 Star; 5 Stars; 1 Star; 5 Stars.  Huh??  Ok, so to do my part to make things worse...  Ur, I mean BETTER, I whipped over here for the Lunch Buffet today.  It's been nearly 3 years since I was here, because they were only got 2 Stars out of me last time.  Today, there there were about 15 items out for the Buffet, including counting the salad ingredients separately (because at Asian Buffets they present them separately but at Indian ones they all come out in the same tray).  This selection is a little small, but acceptable for an Indian place.  As on my previous visit, I missed having the option of booth seating rather than a tables & chairs only but the dining room is nice overall.  There WERE a couple of more legitimate NEGATIVES to gripe about this time, so let's get them out of the way:  *  It was too cold in the dining room!  *  The Indian music was playing too loudly.  (I asked them to lower it & they did.)  After that, though, it was:  *  Good table service.  *  Naan bread was brought to the table.  I prefer it garlicy, but it did arrive nice & hot to the table, with some seasoning & butter.  *  The food was just a little spicy overall; not bland, really, yet it would be suitable for most kids, I think.  Here were a few of the other dishes out today:  *  Chicken Keema (Think "chickenburger").  Uck?  No, it was ok, & a little unusual.     :-)  *  Chicken Chilli.  Excellent!  *  Tandoori Chicken.  Excellent!  *  Desserts included Rasmalai (cottage cheese disks in light cream), Khree (rice pudding), and of course the ubiquitous Gulab Jamun (monkey balls!).     :-)  Little china bowls were provided for the soupy dishes.  (Yeah!  You can't take that for granted at an Indian Buffet.).  Ok, last but not least, ALL THE FOOD WAS GOOD!  It was also inexpensive for an Indian Buffet at $7.99 with a free coupon from their Website, so it's a good solid 3 Stars this time for India Gate!     :-))
I only went to the lunch buffet here and it seems they're going with quality over quantity.  Not too many choices at the buffet but the ones they did have were all tasty.  Hooray for white meat chicken!!
After being disappointed that the Capriotti's on Sahara was closed, I walked around and came across this restaurant. When I first saw the store front, it listed that they had a dinner buffet from 5pm to 10pm - woo-hoo! But when I walked in, it turns out that they didn't have a buffet for dinner (at least for the night I came in - minus one star for false advertising!).  It's okay though, because I ended up ordering the Vegetarian Thali, which is almost like a mini buffet in itself - Palak Paneer, Channa Masala, Rice, Pakora, Naan... And Kheer! It was all very good! I especially liked the Channa Masala.  The interior of the restaurant was clean and well lit. Service was attentive - I always had a full glass of water.
India Oven serves above average traditional South Indian cuisine. One caveat: I've frequented here multiple times with a South Indian boyfriend and an Italian American boyfriend, and the experience is miles apart. The food was always fresh, hot, and mind blowingly spicy and flavorful with South Indian boyf, while comparatively cold and mild with Italian boyf.  Discriminatory practices aside, the mulagatani soup is always peppery and  flavorful, mango lassis are perfectly salted, the garlic naan and samosas are perfectly crispy, and (usually) the vindaloos and masalas are ultra flavorful. I recommend ordering extra spicy (think 8 if you usually order a 5 or 6), as they seem hesitant to load up on flavor if an American palette is present. Also, I prefer dinner to the lunch buffet (sometimes the lunch tray food is cold/old).  Addendum: They offer good fish and egg curry.
I came here with a group of about 11 people. We were quite the multicultural, quirky group of artist types, ranging in age from 20s to 40s, and each of us enjoyed the restaurant.  The food was great, and the waiters were attentive and polite even though a large group like ours isn't easy to manage sometimes.  The naan (bread) was so delicious; and I was able to dip it in each of four different sauces (one being ketchup!).   I also had the cheese naan- equally good.  My dinner was chicken korma (forget eating vegetarian that night!) which was awesome, but I was too full to finish it.  I would definitely come back, although I have to say that I am not from that area and got a little nervous about the characters hanging around or walking through the plaza. As a woman I  don't know how safe I'd be in that area alone at night.  But the plaza and parking areas were well-lit.
Yes, okay, so the waiters don't smile.  That seems par for the course at every Indian restaurant I've been to, no big deal.  They were out of the mushroom matar, but the Palak Paneer was so tasty that I didn't mind.    We were there with one friend who hadn't had a chance to try a lot of Indian food, so my friend and host ordered an appetizer sampler, three types of naan, and we shared.  It was a fantastic experience, everything was yummy.
Awful food. Cold. I came with a group of friends and were wight pissed off. Expensive. Less quantity. I would not recommend.
I stopped here for lunch with my family as we were passing through Las Vegas. We thought it would be nice to have the lunch buffet. Once inside, we found the buffet to be steeply priced ($10.95). That would have been okay if the food had been well-prepared and tasty. Unfortunately, the samosas and pakoras were dried out, the dishes were bland and unappetizing. Only the naan was decent, but still I've had much better lunch buffets at Indian restaurants for around $8. A disappointment.
This place is overpriced and the food was very mediocre. The chicken looked so bad that I only decided to go for the vegetarian dishes. The Naan bread was partly cold and not crispy. Bah! I had better Indian food. I think the best indian food in town is the Himalayan. Unfortunately they don't have lunch buffet anymore.The only good point: the place looked clean.
I should've known this meal was hopeless when our waiter brought my dining companion non-alcoholic beer instead of the real thing.  Thankfully he did not make this mistake with the wine however it still puzzles me as to why he brought the bottle to the table for inspection but did not think to also bring an implement for opening it.   The chicken tikka masala was almost passable but the assorted appetizers we ordered were pretty woeful. A tiny little plate of dried up little bites, almost indiscernible in flavor from one to the next.  Suffice it to say, India Oven is not worth putting on your list of "must dine at" spots in Las Vegas!
i would love to give it zero stars if I could, (Yelp? maybe a feature you can implement??) anyway, bottom line I WISH i'd stopped by here and read the reviews before plunking down $26 on 2 lunches we could never get back!! food is disgusting, bland, tasteless, hopeless, worse than mediocre, and I could go on and on. there were total of 5 dishes, and rest of the lunch buffet was filled with lettuce, onions, chutneys, yogurt dips with no real veggies to actually dip in. the samosas were leaking of oil, pakoras were nasty didn't taste like pakora batter but stuffed with some dal of some sort to save money, the curries were GROSS ugh!!! and when u enter, u see all these awards plastered on the walls??/ who is handing these out??? don't go here...its full of retards serving nasty food that'll make u barf whether u're hung over or not.
Meh.  This was OK but not amazing by any stretch.  The service was almost as uninspired as the food. . .  Although the food was passable, it was relatively bland -- a bad thing for Indian.  I also wasn't too impressed with the vegetarian options here, which is a definite warning sign on anything Indian.  Most items on the menu were over-priced for the size and flavor.    Good destination for hungry Strip-goers; not the go-to spot for quality Indian.
2.5 stars really, overall ... meh sums it up.The whole thing just lacked flavor, which Indian food is all about, right?  We went to thier brunch buffet the food was ...meh, the deco was ...meh, the service was good the waiter friendly, there were not many people here when we came usually that is a bad sign. Its was only $10 each for all you can eat so we didn't feel it too overpriced like most things in vegas.
When we pulled into the parking lot... I was skeptical to be sure. But inside, clean-tastic decor from the 80's abounded. The posse of owners presumably, were very amicable and did not kick us out even though we were there just before closing. Samosa's were decent and palak paneer appropriate. Garlic naan a PLUS. But cheesy decor and too attentive wait staff made India Oven exactly what it was for us- a last resort for Indian Cuisine.
The samosas were good. Chicken and prawn tikka masala had some flavor to it. The Naan was just heavenly. Indian food is the type of food that you eat when you are in the mood. The service is OK. They also have a lunch buffet. However, the prices for dinner menu can get a bit expensive.
Well, just had dinner there an hour ago, tried it because of a friend's recommendation.  I have to say it was just okay- a little more than what we would've spent if we had gone to India Palace. The veggie samosa was very good, spicier than most I've had, the chicken tikka masala was good and the aloo matter ( they spelled it mutter) was alright too, but the mixed tandoori was quite a disappointment..little pieces of chicken, lamb and ONE prawn which they forgot to actually put on the plate and brought it out later! Not to mention when I split my lamb, it was still raw inside...meh...  Should've kept to our original plan and gone back to Indian Palace...oh well $88 bucks gone and we live and learn...
I'm not big on Indian food, but I have a friend that swears bye this place. Being new to the area I went with her and I have to say it was pretty good.  I only had the Nan, veggie samosas, and a taste of her entree (some kind of eggplant dish that was really good). I wasn't incredibly hungry but everything looked good.  I also tried King Fisher which was an amazing beer, the service was friendly and went out of their way to make sure we were good, I'm pretty sure my water glass never got below 1/2 empty.  I will be going back to hit up the full menu some time soon
This used to be one of my favourite places to eat indian food.  I would always get the veggie thali and a chai.  They are very nice there.
Only 2 high chairs in this restaurant?  My son just sat on our laps the entire time.  Not even sure if one opened up while we were here but we never ended up with one nonetheless.  What's up with being so stingy with the nan?  We get a basket to start but there's not enough and then you wait 20 minutes later for another one???  Food selection is very slim too.  There's gotta be better options in Vegas...
Amazing chana masala and the spice levels were very good - exactly what I ordered, and it was hot!  Overall breads were good as well, and the food was the main reason to go here.  Service could have been much better and it is a somewhat sketchy location next to a "massage parlour".
I like the lunch buffet here and they offer great service. Surprisingly nice decor. One of the waiters let us pester him with our ignorant questions about India for a good long while. This place is a gem.   I read a review about some high chair problems. looks like they were expecting a authentic Indian restaurant to be like an applebeese with 10 high chairs and crayons to draw with. My advice, stick with the big chains if that's what you are looking for.
We went to the lunch buffet to sample as many offerings as possible. And I must say that some dishes were better than others, but all were quite good.   The spices were quite adequate and it was all fresh and properly cooked. This is a relatively unassuming place, but the decor in no way interferes with the food or service. The servers are quiet and polite and not in your face as in many near-strip places.   The buffet offerings were a good cross-section of Indian food. The Tandoori chicken was well spiced and crispy, if a bit dry ( it IS a buffet after all ). My favorite dish was the Palak Paneer, spinach with cheese, it was the one absolutely perfect dish. One I would order and eat just by itself. It was a smooth creamy, most delightful. The samosas were crispy and fresh, very nicely done. All the curries were well spiced and well flavored. The goat curry was cooked better than most places do, as it had great texture and was cooked just enough. And a mark of a nice Indian restaurant was that the naan bread was buttery and fluffy and not flat nor burnt nor too heavy ( see my review on the Samosa Factory on how it is done poorly ).   Of course more expensive items like seafood were missing, but considering the price, that was to be expected. So for an enjoyable lunch buffet, this is really a bargain. And if you can consume large quantities, better for you.   Now that the Shalimar is no longer in town, this is a good go-to standby. Certainly the best Indian lunch offering. Can't wait to try the dinners.
I went here with a couple of friends for the Lunch Buffet on a Tuesday.  The decor and service are excellent. The platter was not extravagant but decent. May be we have just been spoiled by other buffets. The samosas were tasting good but were cold. Rest of the dishes all tasted the same. The ingredients changed but the taste was the same, both vegetarian and non-vegetarian. For a restaurant, that has advertised all over LV bus shelters and supposedly been the best Indian Restaurant from 2001-06, it was quiet a disappointing buffet. But otherwise, there neither anything right nor anything wrong with the food. Just Okay.  Will try the Ala Carte and may be that'll change my opinion.
I don't understand the negative reviews. We arrived later in the evening shortly before they were closing, but the owner was gracious enough to  serve us. The servers were very attentive. I ordered the chicken tikka masala and it was delicious. I also loved the mango lassi. I particularly love hot spicy foods, and their level of spice did not disappoint.
This is good a place as it gets close to the strip. The best is the lunch buffet. The evening experience is average.  The food quality is very good. The owner is mostly there and a very friendly person.
Used to be a huge Indian snob when I lived in LA and was a Vegan.  Indian is some of the only food Vegans can actually go out to eat and rest assured that certain dishes won't contain butter, eggs or cream.  If you are Vegan--this is not the restaurant for you.  It did however, have lots of vegetarian options.  Nothing extraordinary--but it was a buffet.  I think typically one must drop a little expectation for the convenience of super fast and simple lunch options.  The naan bread was awesome!!  I found the server quite attentive.  He filled my water probably 4 times in the hour.  I would go back for lunch.
I have been going here for a few years and it is kind of a love hate relationship. They are consistent and the food is some of the best Indian food in town but the service is usually terrible and they are very expensive. I do prefer them over Gaylord at the Rio which has a much nicer dining room but it is even more expensive than India Oven. I wish Yelp had half stars, I would give this place 2.5
Not bad, but wheres the meat??? If you're vegan, ok. Had the buffet and vindaloo, with almost no meat. Cheapo's here think chicken is expensive or something!
This place was a little scary, and I must have really been craving indian food, since I ended up eating here..  To start things off there was no one there on a Friday night at 7pm.  Pink lights set the mood for an interesting meal, as I really couldn't see the food that I was eating.  The combo includes Naan, a drink, and an entree.  I had the chicken vindaloo,and the garlic Naan.  The Naan was decent, but the vindaloo left a lot to be desired.  I could have made a better vindaloo on my own.  There was one small potato and no pearl onions in the dish.  The service was non existent;  the decor was hilarious with the pink lights and the deer head hanging on the wall in the dinning room.  I think that the owner must have been on some really strong drugs when he was decorating this place.  I will definitely not be returning to this restaurant, and my quest for excellent indian food in Vegas will continue. .
Overall review for the lunch buffet: mediocre but reasonably priced ($10-11).  The buffet has a decent selection of rotating Indian dishes, but they are all surprisingly spice-less.  The Tandoori chicken was a little dry with a surprising lack of flavor; the curry goat and curry chicken -- muted flavor and spice-less; the palak paneer (spinach with cheese) -- nicely creamy, but a little too buttery and spice-less; the samosas -- deliciously crispy, but (you guessed it) spice-less; the chana masala (chick peas in masala sauce) was probably the highlight of the buffet, but also spice-less.    On a positive note, they do offer free naan with the buffet.  And naan does make everything better.  That said, if the location wasn't so convenient to downtown and the northern end of the strip, I probably wouldn't go back.
We went to India oven after trying mint a couple of times, which by the way great restaurant with good food and decent price.  The ambience wasnt great, waiter seemed like traditional Indian gujju broken english. We ordered two vegeterian dishes dinner format that includes one naan and half rice ($18 each). Price was hefty but food was good. However the service was pathetic. There were couple of different people serving the table without proper communication withing themselves. We asked the first waiter for togo boxes for our left over food, however different waiter showed up and started to trash the food. We asked for an additional naan togo and that different waiter came back without naan even though they charged for it. When I asked about the naan he said he was not not told as if it was my duty to tell each time a different waiter shows up. All in all I wont recommend this place if you are looking at a good experience.
I go here every week with my husband and a group of friends.  I've noticed there are some negative reviews on here, and that came as a big surprise to me.  My husband and I have had Indian food in many different states and even different countries around the world.  After traveling around the world to find the perfect curry, I can tell you that this is the best.  I have not had better Indian food.  Truly.
I've come here with a group of friends every year for the past 7 years and weve never been disappointed. I was really surprised to see an average of three stars. If you like your dishes on the spicy side let them know, overall their food tends to be milder than other indian restaurants in the area. I usually leave having eaten way too much but its so good you just keep eating!
We went here for dinner last weekend. We had been once before many years ago and liked it quite a bit, but never got around to coming back. We happened to be in the neighborhood and decided to give it another try.   As we were entering, the Mayor was exiting. He shook our hands, and I asked him how his meal was. He said it's always excellent, so I'm guessing he's a regular.   The main thing I remember from our previous visit to India Oven is how good the naan was. The naan was pretty good this time, but not quite as good as I remembered it. It was large and looked like elephant ears. It was a little burnt on the bottom. However, I liked that better than the naan I've recently had at other places which has tended to be underdone.   For our entrees we got the lamb korma and paneer tikka masala. I liked the lamb korma quite a bit. It had large pieces of tender lamb and a tasty sauce. The paneer tika masala was good but not particularly memorable.   My wife had the mango lassi. She said it was good, and she's pretty picky about her mango lassi.   At the beginning of our meal, they gave us papadum with mint and tamarind chutneys. The papadum was good but nothing special. I wasn't crazy about the mint chutney. It was okay, but I've had much better. I'm not a fan of tamarind chutney in general, so I'm not going to comment on that.   We also asked for an order of the assorted pickles which they served with the papadum and gave it to us free. It was interesting but super salty. It reminded me of Mexican salted prunes. I'm glad I tried it, but I don't think I'd try it again.   We split some raita which was pretty decent.   Overall, I enjoyed the meal, but I probably won't be back for awhile as there are other Indian restaurants in town that I prefer.
This review is based on my first time eating at an Indian place!  Went to this place as a suggestion from my friend,jon, who loves this place.  Went on a Friday night and it was pretty empty. There was about 5 parties there ranging from 1 to 6 people pet table.  The staff seemed pretty bored, which added to the boring ambience. There's nothing that makes it scream, "Indian restaurant".   Our wait staff was pretty good, always there when we needed.  They gave us a little too much time to over view the menu.  I'll start off with the appetizers.  There's a complimentary plate of a baked type of chip? That's served with 2 different sauces. One was sweet and red like a thin chutney. The other was spicier and green like a salsa verde. Overall it reminded me of chips and salsa.   We ordered meat Samosas to start. They're pretty much ground beef empanadas with Indian seasonings. Overall it was good, but definitely not a stand out I'd go back for. Very mild.  I ordered a tasting dinner.  This came with: basmati rice, naan, a goat curry, a chicken curry, and a shrimp curry. It was also served with a cool, cucumbery, white sauce and a sweet dessert cup.  The portions were good; enough to share.  Although it was all really good.. The food definitely tasted like it just came out of serving pots. The only one that seemed like the meat was stewed in the curry was the goat. The chicken and shrimp servings came off as if the chicken or shrimp was added into the sauce before being brought out.   Also, the three different curries seemed to be of varying heat. The goat was most mild, then the chicken, and then the shrimp being the spiciest.   I'd definitely recommend getting this "meat dinner" if you've never had Indian food.   You get a little taste of everything.  The menu was definitely hard to understand. There's one goat,  one veggie, one seafood, and one chicken section each with about 6-8 different options to have your choice of entree in.  The descriptions really don't give any idea of what to expect from what you order. I.e. Chicken in spicy curry sauce VS. Chicken in very spicy curry sauce.  I hated the seating of this place. They should definitely get a new interior designer. The tables are so close with no booths! I felt like I was unintentionally eaves dropping everyone's conversations.  For food: I'd definitely give the food a 4.5 out of five. The only complaint would be my food wasnt served completely piping hot. One dish was warm while the others weren't ect. But taste was definitely awesome! All the curries were different like I ordered three different dishes and eating with naan or rice changed the tastes too.  Service: 4 out of 5. It was satisfactory and I have no complaints, but nothing spectacular.  Price: 3 out of 5. I'm a huge fan of Thai curry, but it just doesn't seem worth it for the price. My meal with one mango lassi(which was underwhelming) and Samosas($7) was about $45. It's about 2 cups of curry, rice, and naan for $21-24 dollars.   I would definitely go back! But only when I want to splurge. I'd rather go get Thai curry :]
I've been going to this restaurant for years. I love the chicken tiki masala. The naan is fresh and delicious. For a treat I will have the mango lassey. The buffet is good, but it lacks variety. I prefer to eat here at night.
The food was outstanding, the service was good, the price was high. I was in no way disappointed by the quality, presentation or ANYTHING about India Oven, but the price for entrees here is shocking, particularly when rice or breads are not included in it.  Treat yourself to the food here, just cope ahead of time with the $30 per person price for lunch.   The decor is nice generic white tablecloth, the building unremarkable and the location not upscale, so these can't be the cost basis.  Maybe the buffet is cheaper, but I ordered from the menu so I could get the amazing onion bagee and a standard, but non-buffet entree, which was $17.  FYI, the little strip mall it's in is a pit--without having reached graffiti and boarded-up window status--but the food was stunning!  If you like/eat Indian food as much as I do, you'll want to visit India Oven.  If it weren't for the entree prices, I'd have given it 5 stars.
My Girl loves her some Indian food, so she suggested (by waking me up) that we should go to India Oven for lunch and then some java afterwards. Myself I am not too big on Indian restaurants, so far I have limited exposure to them and the few I have been to recently have not really been that great. However, being the open-minded boyfriend I am, I gave it the good fight and went along with her idea.  It was lunch time and they has a small All You Can Eat Buffet for I think it was $10 or $11. BTW It took me a bit to catch on that when people on yelp were saying AYCE, they meant "All You Can Eat"... yea I guess I can be slow sometimes and BTW means "By The Way" just in case... grins~ ok back to the subject. LoL - "Laughs Out Loud" ;p  As I was saying the buffet was small and limited and ranged from dried up meat kebabs to nice tender Chicken Tikka Masala, A mutton stew, along with the various vegetarian dishes like Palak Paneer (spinach and farmers cheese), Sabji Samosas (vegetable fritters), Daal Makhni (creamed lentils) and a few others. So overall the buffet was home to maybe 12-15 items and their Naan bread does rock. My girl also ordered the Sweet "Lassi" homemade yogurt drink, which she loved.  It was slow so the waiter was always there when we needed a drink refill and was courteous when doing so. Our bill came to $31 and some change for the two of us, which is not bad for a lunch out to try something different, but I still have to say I have yet to try for myself an Indian Restaurant in Las Vegas that I could not wait to go back to eat there again.  That said, I am sure that many of you would enjoy the food, especially the vegetarian assortment of dishes and my girl says the dinner menu is better.  Best Regards, James "Culinary Schmooze" Williams
Love it!  Food is great and the Nan YUMMY! Great service! Waiters wait on your every need.
No one can beat there chicken tikka masala!! N there mango lassi is awesome!
Pricy and ok tasting. Is close to stratosphere and the only nearby one so I chose to go here. There are others in a mile or so.
I would classify it as an upscale Indian Restaurant - nice interior, tablecloths, cloth napkins, lot of silverware, etc...  Food was excellent but I think over priced.  Service in general was good but it took a long time for the food to come out even though it wasn't crowded.  Curious because we sent one of the dishes back because it was too spicy and a replacement came back fairly quickly which made us wonder why our original order took so long - like half an hour.
I was here for a lunch buffet because our boss kindly decided to treat us to a free lunch. This review is written with consideration that a buffet will never be quite as good as a freshly prepared meal, and I have taken this handicap into account. Bottom line-- they did a pretty decent job.   The tandoori chicken was not the juiciest but it wasn't the dryest either. Some places have a tendency to screw up the coloring and turn the chicken pink but this place got it right, and the spices were intact too. They were flame grilled just right. I also thought the kabobs were pretty solid.  The biryani was so-so but it definitely tasted better than some of the other places I have had in town. I was impressed with the vegetable curry-- lots of sliced vegetables and rich, spicy curry. The yellow dahl (lentil soup like dish) was a bit runnier than I would have liked but it was actually seasoned pretty well. The channa masala (garbanzo beans curry) tasted just like the one I have been eating for years at my parents house.   The tandoori naan was cooked just right and had that crunchy singe on the edges. The green chutney was thick and spicy, as it should be. I think if I were to try them for dinner that I would like them even more. For a lunch buffet, this is a solid choice, worth looking at.
Bad service high prices. This place gets overcrowded during long weekends.  I went for a lunch buffet, had to wait 30 mins for naan.   If they want to serve lots of people during holidays they should increase their staff to provide a Better service.  Food is average, very limited options considering the price they are charging.  Only advantage they have is very few Indian places in town.
This is one of the places that I really wanted to try this time around and I was some what unhappy. I wanted a specific item for take out, but was told that I could only eat the lunch buffet if I wanted, so I did. The selection was very, very limited. The rice had hard things in it. The chicken was pretty good. But the service was a little slow, and you really had to catch someone just to get a drink refill. The nan however was amazing and amongst the best I have ever had.
I had dinner here on a Tuesday night in October, 2012. The place was not full.  At around 8 pm there were only about ten people at various stages of dinner.  The restaurant layout was nice with neat and comfortable tables and chairs, but it can't be said to be extravagant. I had chicken vindaloo, and the meal tasted very good.  The side dishes (salad, naan, and dessert were good too.  I went to the McDonalds right next door for my after-dinner coffee.  Service was so-so.  In other words, normal for Indian restaurants. I used the bus that night and the good news is that the restaurant is near the bus line that will take you back to the Strip. I'll come back again, but I'll avoid busy times (weekend nights) based on the other reviews. By the way, I wish that this website would post the reviews from the oldest to the newest.  That way, if a place, is much-improved you'll only read the most recent most relevant reviews.
The food here was really good and the staff was very friendly.  We were the only ones in the restaurant with a screaming baby and the owner came over to talk and he was very understanding and nice.  I will go back.
This place is great! Although, I prefer the entrees at Mynt Indian Bistro... I absolutely loved the Tea, appetizers and soup. I would completely love to go back for a second time. I do feel like the entrees are a little pricey for the size, but I can tell they use quality ingredients.
Some of the best indian food i've had in a long time. Lots of vegetarian options. Excellent food.
My husband and i are biiig foodies ..Pakistani and indian food is no 'new' for us..this place is average.. living in SF, i used to get a dish for $7.95 /that would feed two ppl/ with the most amazing taste ..and this place is..BLAH .unless u have good company that would take your mind off of that food..is not worth your money or time.. If you are new to the amazing flavors of pakistan or india..then it is ok to try..otherwise..BLAH..
Excellent authentic Indian food. Reasonably priced as well. Nice atmosphere.
"I don't no what happen..but..the food here was blah! Rice is not included with d main dish..not right. Rip off..don't bother"
Stopped in to India Oven for some take out and ordered the non-vegeterian Thal, essentially, a sampler plate. I'm not really sure what it consisted of, but I can tell you it was delicious!  There was a chicken dish, a shrimp one, and beef...or maybe lamb? All three were great - the shrimp was excellent!   We also ordered some meat samosas...those were not my favorite.  I'm a samosa fan, but these just didn't do it for me.  It was really just a deep fried pocket of finely ground meat...the samosas I've had in the past were pastry thin dough, wrapped several times around the fillings, so that the dough was a bit flaky.  These had a single wrapping of a thicker dough.  I dunno...not my thing.  Aside from that, great dinner. I'll be back for sure.  Oh - redeeming the samosas was this delicious minty green dipping sauce.  Yum.
This is a good old Las Vegas standby and I've been known to dine here when in a pinch. The pinch is usually that I don't feel like eating anywhere else. If I could review the restaurant scene in Vegas in general, it would not do well, that's for sure.  There is nothing wrong with the service but sometimes they just don't seem to get it right. If there is one thing I don't like in my Indian food, it's when it's over spiced. I specifically remember asking them not to do that and when I took the first bite I realized they did it anyway. Now I'm not one to shy away from spicy but if it's the only thing going on in my mouth then I'm not going to like it.  I had the Aloo Ghobi Masala: Cauliflower and potatoes cooked with onions, tomatoes, and spices. It's too bad they don't tell you what spices and for $12.95 it was remarkably overpriced. In fact, I think this whole place is overpriced. Otherwise, it was very flavorful and I would have given them another star just for that but the spiciness killed it for me.  I'm willing to give them one more chance though. Maybe on the next visit they'll listen to me and give me what I want, not what they think I should have. There really is good Indian food out there where the spice doesn't overwhelm. I just know it.
This place was great YEARS ago when they were on Sahara. Things have changed since they moved. I remember eating here a few years ago and the food was bland. Things haven't changed. All of our dishes looked like the dish but tasted like nothing. On a higher note, the naan was amazing!!!!  PROS: On Restaurant.com              The Naan  CONS: Chicken Korma - tasteless sauce              Lamb Seekh Kebab - one flavor overpowered the entire dish              Baingan Bharta - needed more flavor in general.
Lunch buffet for 10.95. It was ok meal. Nothing special. Naan was yummy and fresh, the rice not so much . I liked the goat curry from buffet
Tasteless! The food is tasteless (vindaloo, masala). First time tasteless Indian. Moreover just a single "slice" of bread included. It is also overpriced. Man very nice, girl very unfriendly. The quality if raw material I think is good, but the overall result really disappointing
This place is SO good. Fantastic naan, samosas, and buffet. The service was excellent too. We got an order of chicken tikka masala to go and the owner gave us a free order of naan to go with it. Highly recommended!
Lunch buffet: of all vegetarian dishes, all but saag paneer were tasteless. Naan was very good though, fresh and plentiful.
Bye far one of the better Indian food places I have been to   Chicken wings with dipping sauce -- OMG the sauce is amazing caught myself dipping the naan bread into it.   Chicken samsosa - was good just a little less stuffing but great  Green and red sauces -- the green dipping sauce was soo good almost tomateo salsa like and the red wing was amazing   Also had chicken tandorri -- really good not dry can pull apart chicken.   Dessert naan   Overall very excited to learn about this place, really great food spices and all. I have been craving Indian food since I got introduced in Phx. This beets them hands down.   Will be back Great taste, Great Flavor etc..
I love their samosa chaat, every time I'm in Vegas I just go here for samosa chaat. It's amazing!
The food here has never disappointed me. The service is excellent, they adjust the level of spice to your liking, and the food is worth the price. The naan is especially good and the papadum is good. My favorite dish is the lamb vindalu, but the saag paneer and the basmati are also very good. The dishes are small, but it's the same way in all the other Indian restaurants. The atmosphere is a little upscale (white table cloths, nice flatware and silverware) and the lighting is on the dark side, which I like. All-in-all a very nice Indian experience. I saw a buffet table, but they said that it was for lunch. I'll have to go back and try that out.
Sure, this place may not being the best of the best Indian, but I would recommend this place if someone was looking for an Indian food.  I was on business trip alone, so I didn't want to dine alone in the restaurant so I started to look around what I should have for To-Go. Indian food came in to my mind so I yelped.     I had a very specific request.  My request was something that wasn't on the menu, I wanted to have Keema Chicken.     so, I called 2 other places before I landed to the India Oven.   The first 2 places I called, both said No, can't make keema chicken because it's not on the menu.     And finally I called India Oven, I asked the same question, he said "No problem, we can make Keema chicken for you"     That's the attitude!   Keema chicken normally is NOT on the menu at many Indian restaurants.  It is because Keema(means ground/minced) chicken is more like home cooking and not really the type of food that the restaurants serves. (I don't know why they shouldn't!)   As I eat alots of Indian food and know exactly what I wanted to eat, I didn't even check the menu.  I ordered Keema chicken, Plain Naan, Rice, Papadums and Raita.   Their Keema chicken was good.  A lots of ginger as I expected.  Exactly what I had in mind.  I wish they put green pees but was not a big deal.  Papadum was spicy and crispy.  I ordered extra so that I can snack tomorrow night!!     Naan was great, fresh and chewy. Just as Naan bread should taste.  I stick with plain, I don't like those Garlic and the other flavor ones because I want to taste the floury doughy Naan.  It was really good.  I only wish if they didn't use so much oil when they bake the Naans but not a big deal, I liked it alot.  Like I said in beginning, There are better Indians all over the country and I had a better one before.    Anywayz, My bottom line is,  If you ask something off the menu and they still accommodate you,  that's right there they earned a good score and  some good reviews.   That's the way a good service supposed to be like.   Kudos to them and that's why I give 4 stars.  (I often order something off the menu, there are some restaurant that are happy to do that for you and this place is one of them)   The interiors/decor are pretty cheesy typical Indian style.  Almost like decor in 80s. But we all have places to enjoy atmosphere already, this place isn't that kind.     Again, It is highly recommended.  I would definitely go back.  The staff were all nice and friendly, the owner came out and said hi to me too and I was just a To-Go customer.
If you're heading to a show at the Scottsdale Center For The Performing Arts, this is your best convenient bet for dinner (if you like Indian food).  It's average but can probably satisfy your curry craving.
I'm at an impasse here. The service was jumpy in terms of friendliness. The food was good enough and I suppose it wasn't too much (say 10-17 dollars a plate), but it certainly wouldn't be my first choice.
I've had the same problem with this restaurant that others here have had. The service is essentially non-existent and the food comes out cold/lukewarm and of low quality. However spicy you make your food, it's still somehow obvious that it's just not good.  I recommend driving down the street to Tandoori Times instead. The food, service, and experience is infinitely better.
This is one of the best Indian restaurants I have been to in the valley. It has great reviews from critics and some famous clientle that frequent the restaurant. The location is great for an artsy-evening since it is right by the performing arts center and the modern art museum. It is quiet and intimate, a great menu and food. Each experience has been wonderful, both the food and the service.
I used to work near the downtown Scottsdale area and being an Indian food lover I've eaten at Jewel of the Crown many times. Each time I was disappointed.   I've ordered lamb biryani and the rice was mushy and looked at though all of the ingredients were tossed together like a pilaf as opposed to a biryani.   The dhals I've ordered have been decent but nothing really special. A lot of the dishes taste similar with a generic flavor as opposed to being spiced individually for meats vs. dhals vs. vegetables.  My other complain is the staff refusing to believe I like my food spicy. I have a problem with this in a number of restaurants that assume that due to being a whitey I'm not SERIOUS about wanting my food spicy. SERIOUSLY, I want it HOT. Sheesh.  Their one saving grace is their neebo pani (lemon water), their spice mix for the drink is wonderful.
Chutney !!! Chicken Tikka !!!  Chutney !!! Chutney !!!  :)    One of the better Indian food places in the valley... lavish enough to sit and pass time (family or friends)... Except for items above, nothing happens to be very great as such but overall nothing happens to be bad too...   Ohh yeah.. and one more thing...  Chutney !!! Chutney !!!
Very surprised by some of the negative responses here.  I ate at Jewel of the Crown for dinner with my family, and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.  My waiter was quite nice, and our food was tasty.   Admittedly, the dishes were not among the best Indian I've had, and service could be speedier.   Bottom line:  It's a mid-level spot -- certainly good enough to visit again, just not my first choice.
Love the lamb curry, palak paneer, daal curry, and mutter paneer here.  Atmosphere is perfect- beautiful decor, very inviting, and just a great escape.  I truly feel like I've gone on a mini-retreat every time I dine here (twice so far).  The sole reason I haven't been back is it can get pricey.  Food, while small in portion, is terrific.  Authentic?  Yes- you won't find beef in the menu!
This is probably the best Indian cuisine I have had 'hands down'....now having said that...I will say that they are not known for their decor or service. But if you can look beyond that....I can clearly say that they spend their efforts then on their cuisine.  Having grown up amongst their culinary culture and nurtured a desire in cooking some of their specialities - Jewel of the Crown is pretty much tops for me! My favorite WAS Vig's in Vancouver, but that is now a close second to Jewel of the Crown. From the Samosa's to start, Mulligtawny Soup, Kormas/Saag/Vindaloo with Raita, finish with Gulab Jamun ---YUM!!!
Consistently good, one of the best Indian restaurants in the Valley.
Took a walk through the Scottsdale Arts Center area and was convinced by my girl to detour and dine at Jewel of the Crown.  I've seen this place over the years but have always walked right (into AZ88) instead of left.  Pleasantly surprised by this authentic looking and tasting Indian restaurant.    Gabriel, our waiter, suggested the chicken masala.  We took his advice and ordered that along with the vegetable korma and a mulligatawny muglai soup.  We both enjoyed the tamarind and mint chutney sauces that arrived with the cracker like starter.  Gabriel explained to us that their mint chutney is made in house with cilantro, jalapeno, ginger, and oil... We both thought the meal was impressive and a nice change of flavor and pace.  Our entrees came with basmati rice as well.  We didn't get any of the naan this visit, but we will be back!  This place is a real diamond in the rough, or better yet, a "jewel of the crown."  Been in business for 22 years - that's gotta tell you somethin'!
I discovered this jewel while looking on the Internet for Indian food near my office and was very pleased.  While dinner can be a little pricey, lunch is extremely affordable.  I loved the Chicken Koorma and the Chicken Tikka Masala.  Naan was fresh baked and delicious and was great mixed with Saag Paneer.  I have introduced a  few friends to it now as well who love it too.  The service depends on who your waiter is.  I have had good service and poor service but will keep returning for the food.
This place is gooood. The food seems fresher than most indian food places, and it definitely doesn't taste like it's been sitting out all day. That might actually be a complaint. I'm so used to eating vegetable pakoras that have been sitting in a vat under a heat lamp that these were too fresh for me to like. You know? It's like being raised on Taco Bell and being so used to that as your definition of Mexican food that when you actually go to a Mexican food joint with fresh ingredients you're like, "WTF is this?"  Oh yeah, and it's definitely more expensive than other places in the valley.
Went here on Valentine's Day 2009. Best Indian food i've had anywhere in Phoenix to date. Great atmosphere, great service, and outstanding food. Will be back for sure!
Great NORTH Indian food, not to be confused with crappy South Indian food. This place has been through a couple of location changes since it first opened in Phoenix in 1985 at 44th St. and Camelback just down from Cork & Cleaver. Its current home in the Scottsdale Civic Center is easy to get to with lots of parking in the adjacent garage. The dcor is the nicest I have seen at any Indian place in town and the owners are usually there and make sure the food is consistent and good. They have a wide range of both meat and vegetable dishes and the "Jewel Dinner" at only $25 per head is a great way to go for both experts and novices. It includes a rack of grilled meats and fish as an appetizer, a sampling of four or five dishes and even dessert! Also, be sure to try the stuffed breads or "naans" they can be had with potatoes, lamb, chicken, etc, and are phenomenal.
I'll go back AND get the same dish!  Now, that's some serious business for me to say!   Ordered the following: Keema Samosa - eh....  I just have such specific fond memories of the samoosa's we'd get back home and I doubt I will ever find anywhere that will match them -too bad so sad-  :-( Lamb Curry - lamb was delicate & sauce was just a touch spicy, delish! Chicken Korma - chicken was so tender, very flavorful. Alu Paratha (bread) - this was just okay to me, but it was great when I doused it with the sauces :-D  I thoroughly enjoyed it, everything was very flavorful and the smell of spices when you walk into the restaurant, OMG, so wonderful!!! Do I think it's super authentic, no, if that's what you're looking for, keep hunting...
I've been to this place a couple of times for dinner and lunch and it never lets me down.  The Chicken Tikka Masala and Chicken Saag are my favorite dishes and some of the best Indian food in Phoenix.  I just wish they had more options for lunch specials!  Some people would say the dinner is a bit overpriced, but it feels you up and the flavors are worth it.  I will definitely keep coming back.
I used to work nearby and would visit JOTC weekly for lunch. It was never very busy and the lunch waiter would recognize us and get us everything we needed quickly.  The Keema Samosas are delicious!  If you are new to Indian food, I recommend the Non-Veg Thaali. It has an assortment of Tandoori chicken, curry, a veg dish, naan bread, yogurt and rice pudding - all for $10.  My favorite dish and the one I ordered every time was the Chicken Tikka Masala. It's like $15 and doesn't come with naan or rice, but it's worth it. It's a lot of food and it makes me oh-so-happy everytime.  By comparison, the lunch Chicken Curry special for $8 comes with rice AND naan.   The rice pudding is excellent as well.  I will miss JOTC!
Every once in a while you just need some good Indian food to spice things up... on those days we always go to Jewel of Crown.  When you walk in you get hit hard by the lovely aromas of Indian spices... reminds you why you came!  We've probably been there 5-6 times this year and it has never been busy. It's kind of sad actually. They have a nice vegetarian selection; my favorite is Malai Kofta... which is veggie meatballs in Masala sauce!  I have also tried Saag Paneer and Bharta Makhni which were also excellent.  My Bf is also in love with the Chicken Masala... and Raita.   We typically order our food with medium spice because we like a bit of kick to the palate!  If you aren't used to Indian or spicy food, I would order medium-mild so you can enjoy the flavors before you decide to kick it up a notch.   Please give Jewel of Crown a try, it's my favorite Indian restaurant and I'm afraid it will go under if business doesn't pick up.... Oh yeah, and you'll enjoy it!
We really wanted some indian food...so we went to Jewel of the Crown for take out.  It was Saturday night and there were about 20 people dining so we felt like at lease some people were eating there.  We ordered shish kabob...it ended up being dried up and spiced oddly...we could not stomach eating it.  The vegie korma was ok but had huge...not bite size vegies in it.  Like really large carrot pieces and like whole quarters of potato.  The Chicken tiki masala was pretty good the chicken was tender and the sauce was pretty nice.  The rice and nan were fine.    I guess we were expecting something really great and it was so so...next time we will try a different place until we find an Indian place that is better:(
Jewel of the Crown is the best ever indian restaurant I have eaten in.  I will diffinately go back on my return trip to Scottsdale.  Beverly O
My husband and I have been to JOTC a bunch of times. The food are always delicious, the service is spotty at times but not bad enough to make us not comeback. Now according to my Australian husband this isn't exactly the best Indian food he's ever have but until Phoenix comes up with better Indian food they got our business.
I live in Old Town so getting Indian food that I enjoyed meant going to Tempe or Chandler....Thanks for fellow yelpers, I checked it out on a Sunday...the service was great until it got busy.  Quick to realize that the two servers on the floor were not only the servers but also the host/hostess and bartenders.  It didnt matter because the food was great...I am no connoisseur of Indian cuisine but haven had dined well over 3 dozen times at Indian establishments, this place did just fine.  The location is not ideal since you are forced to park in a parking garage although AZ88 is right there for drinks after.  The decor was in my opinion a fair attempt to an authentic Indian restaurant.  We ordered nothing outside of the basic chicken curry, naan, saag paneer, rice pudding (best I have ever had), mango lassi (not very cold or thick but good), and the galub jamun (which tasted like it had been frozen and thawed....only thing I didnt like)  Overall, I really enjoyed it and will be back when the craving for stuffing myself on Indian food revisits me.
Excellent staff and service. Food was good, but waitress was puzzled when I asked for pickle.
I am a vegetarian and have been eating Indian food for over ten years. I've eaten at a lot of Indian restaurants in MD, IL, and DC and this one rates high on my list. My husband and I went with my sister who is not a vegetarian. We had the channa masala, matar paneer, garlic naan, and puri. My sister ordered the mixed kabobs. We loved our dishes. They were flavored perfectly. The breads were just ok. We are used to garlic naan that is more fluffy and buttery. This naan was pretty thin and did not have the butter glistening on it. The puri was not very flavorful. The breads were not bad, just not the greatest. Next time I will try the bhatura. My sister liked her dish a lot. Her dish consisted of lamb, chicken, fish, and shrimp all prepared with different spices. The presentation was pretty cool.  The service was great from the time we walked in the door. The place wasn't crowded when we went. There were two people waiting tables and they were both pleasant and attentive to their customers. Decor is very nice. There are some wires on the ceiling that they could cover up, but that does not take away from the ambiance. My sister was bothered that there was some spilled rice on the floor that no one felt the need to clean up. There was no one dining near that table so for me it was not a deal breaker. I highly recommend this restaurant. You will enjoy the food, decor, staff, and don't forget to take a stroll around the grounds outside of the restaurant... very nice.
I really enjoyed their chicken tikka masala, lamb saag (maybe spelt that wrong) and a simple made mango lassi here. With the 20% discount here, it is totally worth it! (Believe me, i have had horrible indian food..)
With our regular Indian place converted to buffet and my lunch companions refusing to go (don't tell them, but I would go anyway), it was time to find a new Indian spot for the work lunch rotation.  We were on a mission and I was trying to figure out whether Jewel would be added to the list of acceptable lunch haunts.  After managing a circuitous route to the top floor of a parking garage, we navigated a maze like structure of corridors to find the restaurant.  Travel time was starting to negate Jewel from the list.  The lunch menu was small, and we all ordered the thali meat combination.    After a modest wait time the food arrived in an array of metal containers and was delicious.  I hope we go back, but majority rules.
Good Indian food not great.  Came in on a Saturday night, was craving Indian.  Not busy at all.  (Never a great sign).  The samosas were the best in town, piping hot with a great filling that was redolent of spicies and not super mild like some other restaurants.  The lamb korma and chicken tikka masala were okay.  For some reason it didn't pop for me.  It had nothing to do with the spiciness level, it was just missing that extra pop you get from a truly great curry.  I don't know if the spices hadn't been freshly toasted, or if it was lacking a crucial pinch of love that day, but I wasn't feeling it.  I left full but not quite satiated of my Indian food fix.  And the quest for the best chicken tikka masala in town continues....(oh I should mention the interior of the restaurant is beautiful, the service good, but the prices a little steep for my taste)
Yum, love Indian food and this one was not a disappointment. I hold all other Indian restaurants to their standard and many times it doesn't come close to this culinary perfection. There never seems to be a crowd so I hope they stay open. But truly great food - I'd give it more stars if I could! I can't begin to pronounce or spell all the wonderful delights on their menu. You'll just have to take my word for it.
My husband and I ate here for the first time recently.  The food is delicious! If you're looking for amazing, authentic Indian cuisine, this is it!  The leftovers were just as good the next day!  I subtracted one star, because the service could be just a little better, but nothing that would keep me from coming back for more!
Delightful service and some of the best Indian food in the entire state! All of this and charming ambience as well.  Definitely the best Indian place to take a date - and the courteous staff helps beginners make selections for a memorable and pleasurable experience.  I often recommend this restaurant.  The only con to list for this "jewel" - is it's location. While close enough to the action, it is tucked away and is certainly a hidden gem! Once you find it - you'll never forget it!
My favorite upscale Indian restaurant in Phoenix, hands down.  Their food is just more flavorful and more carefully prepared than anywhere else.  And the atmosphere is date-worthy.  As good as the best Indian restaurants in major cities like Chicago and San Francisco.  This is the only Indian restaurant in Phoenix about which that can be said.
Ate here with a friend tonight, and it was very, very good. Service was friendly and attentive, food was excellent, atmosphere relaxing and stimulating. It's a bit pricier than the rest of the Valley, being in Scottsdale, but it's well worth it. Well situated, next door to the SMOCA in the Civic Center.
We had the best Tika Masala Chicken last night! I'm still in heaven.  My mouth was doing some kind of dance that I had to continually eat for about 20 min. non stop. And those who know me know I love to talk and eat, but this time around it was all about eating and nothing else.  I would recommend this place to anyone who is looking for good Indian food =)
Excellent Tika Masala Chicken!  I would highly recommend this place for good Indian food. Nice atmosphere!
Service was poor -- no one to greet us at the door -- and waited 13 minutes, standing there as staff walked by and even looked directly at us.  Servers were running around in a disorganized fashion --- obviously overworked as the restaurant was under-staffed.  This restaurant is in need of major updating.  We hadn't been there in several years -- and nothing has changed or been updated.   The decor is old and run down -- and don't look too closely at the dirty, worn out carpet -- especially near the back.  On a positive note -- the food was pretty good.   The chicken used in the Masala was tender and flavorful -- and the sauces were spiced well.   Rice and Naan were good -- and the Onion Roti was excellent.  We live in Chandler -- but will drive far for good Indian food -- unfortunately, the poor service, old, dated decor, and average food will not encourage us to drive back to Scottsdale --- the Dhaba in Tempe is SO much better
Dh and I came here tonight to use or groupon... We've been coming here for the last 20 plus years, and it use to be our go to Indian restaurant! After the visit tonight we will never be back. We got our dishes medium And spicy, but neither had any flavor. We had an eggplant dish And chicken tikka masala, as well as kebabs, soup, and dessert... We decided to splurge and get the $50 dinner for 2. Food was terrible as was the service.... People who had come After us who had also gotten the same dishes and the dinner for 2 left before we had even finished our entrees. Server was so swamped that he had no time to come and check in on us to see if we wanted anything else or to see if we were doing ok. There was also a hair in the rice dish. We will never come back!
I am came here with my friend and my other friend, the Groupon.  I have heard great things and some negative things about the place, but I am adventurous and wanted to give it a try.  I actually passed by the place on a Tour of Scottsdale event.  Its kind of in a hidden corner inside a plaza.  I think I would have noticed this place if it was actually facing the street.  When I enter the place, it made me feel a little bit like I when I visited New Delhi.  We came later in the night, but the energy level and care of service was excellent.  The food was pretty delicious as we ordered saag paneer, vegetable korma, garlic naan, and onion paratha.  Overall the food was solid quality and one of the better Indian restaurants I have been in Arizona so far.
As other reviews for this place go, taste of the food is good. Decor and ambience, not so much. Chandeliers had a few fused bulbs, not replaced. During dinner, that does bring down my mood a little bit. We found the prices to be a little steep.. $15.99 for each curry was a little too much. Our bill for 2 people, a la carte .came up to $70 approx. We had chicken and vegetarian dishes. Chicken tikka masala, veg samosa, shahi paneer, onion kulcha, veg biryani. Quantity of food on par with the rest of the Indian restaurants in the valley, if not less.. We went there after reading other Yelp reviews about the food. A long drive from north valley( the restaurant is located on scottsdale rd and Indian school rd). Hardly worth the drive and the cost of the total bill. My husband had the veg biryani. Said it tasted like Paella, a spanish rice dish. And he wasnt satisfied with the taste of his chicken appetizer either.No issues with the curries, though tey could have been spicier.
Overall, it was good, but not great! My husband enjoyed it more than me. Really quiet for Thur dinner...  Only 4-5 tables full (mostly couples). Not greatest spot for kids cause of noise level...really quiet inside. Our son is kinda loud : p   Service was good, but not excellent.  Sauces ok. Breads ok.  Dishes ok. Could have better sauces or better flavors.   Nice romantic atmosphere-they dimmed the lights & with our toddler that wasn't a good thing. Better for couples.  Dishes a little more than they are worth.
I've been to other restaurants serving Indian cuisine (in Sacramento) and Jewel of the Crown delivers. This place impressed me with its understated, elegant ambiance, service and food quality. Not only was the mixed kabob tasty and filling, the presentation was equally impressive as well (please see the photo I took). I think the food was reasonably priced and the service size very generous. I would go back the next time I visit Scottsdale.
I've eaten here twice and the food has been excellent both times.    The chicken curry I had there for lunch today was cooked and seasoned perfectly.  The rice and naan it was served with were also good if unremarkable.  For some reason I decided to try the salted lassie today and salty is an understatement.  I LOVE salt and still only managed to make it through 1/3 of this drink so lassie drinkers beware.  I had the plain lassie the time before and it was good, if a bit foamy.  Will definitely eat here again.
Great helpful server!  Excellent food!!  Yum!!
One of the best North Indian restaurants in Arizona.  Their presentation is something you just don't see at other restaurants.  I've always loved Indian food, but my wife has shied away at times.  This all changed when I brought her here.  She loved everything from the Mixed kabobs, to the chicken curry.  I was very excited to bring her here, and have her enjoy it the way she did.  I was also a big fan of their nann bread and their Alu Gobi, which is a cauliflower and potato dish.  I can't wait to go back!
We had the dinner for two plus side of naan.  Soups were very tasty and good portions (not the teeny cup of soup you usually get in restaurants).  The curries were very good, service good, a very pleasant experience.    I disagree somewhat with the reviewer who says place wasn't good for kids, yes it is fine dining but we went pretty much when the doors opened for dinner, few other diners at that time and we snagged a corner table relatively out of the way where we could keep our infant in her stroller.  Overall great experience, will definitely return.
We had a very nice meal here last night. The curries were pretty authentic and carried enough spice to make them very tasty. Unusual location but it wasn't hard to find. Good service, though we were only ones there when we finished at 8pm.
I had eaten here before with a friend and when I saw a Groupon for this restaurant I thought I would grab it and treat my husband to some Indian food. So we went there for lunch on a Saturday afternoon and ordered the Vegetable Samosa to start off. They were delicious. I then ordered the Vegetable Biryani and my husband order the Chicken Tikki Wrap. My husband really enjoyed his wrap. My rice was okay. For $14, I thought it would be a little better, but it was okay. Some of the vegetables (peas and carrots) seemed like they came from a frozen mix. I wasn't that impressed. The kicker came when we went to use our Groupon. Even though we had ordered over $25 worth of food without our "lunch special", we were told we couldn't use our Groupon  because we ordered a "lunch special". We told them that is fine, don't include the "lunch special" and just apply it to the other food we ordered, the waiter didn't want to split out the check because it would make the owner mad. I was like what?? Don't make the customer happy - great choice. Customer service is not their first focus. It would explain why they were so few people in there and they need to do a Groupon. There are other Indian restuarants by us with better food, so we won't be back.
I travel often to Scottsdale for business, and I always make it a point to come here.  The lamb korma is great, the chicken masala great as well.  Service can be a little slow at times.  All in all, wonderful Indian food!
Great location. Food was good, but not great and it is slightly overpriced. Service was good.
Excellent restaurant! Made reservations for NY's eve, seated immediately. Service excellent. Food delicious. Lamb perfectly prepared. Enjoyed Daal soup & Naan. Several children with families present, welcomed. Had "dinner for 2", required "go boxes" so much food. Delightful people, food, and decor. Would definitely go back. Highly recommend.
Great night was had with 20+ guests. Have had Indian food in parts of AZ, as well as New York and Australia, this was one of the better places that's for sure. Staff were friendly and attentive and the meals were served quickly. Well worth a return visit.
Naan is good but the rest of the food is bland
This restaurant was awesome. Everything we tried was great. We started with the Pakistani Alu Tiki, just delicious. We were pleasantly surprised to find that most appetizers are gluten free. Save for the Naan, which I hear is great.  I had the Vindaloo and my husband had the Vegetable Korma. The service was friendly and the atmosphere was very nice. They played Indian music - which is a welcome change compared to some ethnic restaurants that play Kenny G.!  Definitely will go again.
Thanks Groupon and yelp for introducing me to this place. I probably wouldn't have tried it if there hadn't been a Groupon, and probably wouldn't have bought the Groupon without reading the good reviews on Yelp. This place is pretty hidden so you most likely wouldn't find it unless you were looking specifically for it. I love Indian food, though there aren't a whole lot of options for it in the area, especially in Old Town. The first time I went there was an office Christmas party going on so we went and got some beers at OTT first and then came back and even though they were still pretty busy they were accommodating. Both times we got the kabobs as an appetizer and split the Chicken Tikka Masala and both were really good. One entree is enough for two people to split for sure. The garlic naan is also the bomb and last time we were there we got some mango ice cream for dessert and it was really good. Haven't been disappointed by anything there thus far. They have a patio and an inside area which is cool because I love patios and I also like options. If you want to get in and get out go around 6pm otherwise it will get pretty crowded. Also, they give you some stuff to munch on when you first sit down, which is always a plus in my book.
Went there yesterday night (8/9/13) because we purchased a Groupon.  Now, I am NOT one of those people who, by default, think that all Indian food in the valley is horrible because it does not compare to my Mom's cooking.  I am judging this place based on other Indian restaurants in the valley and the quality of food.  Quantity of food - Really good.  Ambience - Very nice. The decor is nice and pretty. I liked it.  Service - decent. Taste of food - It was really bad. I am sorry to say it was boderline inedible. We ordered the chicken tikka masala, 2 plain naans and chicken biriyani. The chicken tikka masala was too "tomato-y". All I could taste was an overpowering tanginess from the tomato paste and it wasnt pleasant. The chicken wasnt soft and tender and flavorful either. The chicken biriyani was similarly tasteless. The rice in the biriyani was clumpy and overdone. You KNOW that is a cardinal sin while making biriyani....overdone rice!!! The naan wasnt like a naan at all but more like tandoori roti.  My point in writing this is really to inform the owners. I think that, with a little bit of tweaking of the food, this place could be excellent!  But unless they do that, we are not going back again.
I like how the food comes out in mini buffet warmer type bowls with the tea lights underneath.  We got the lamb masala and chicken curry - both solid offerings.  However, thought it was a little light on the meat and spices.  We also got garlic naan which wasn't bad but again a bit bland.  I think the prices don't justify what you get, I'd be curious to see what the lunch portions look like.
My favorite indian food restaurant. Vegetable korma is the best I've had in phoenix. Always good service and not busy. We usually go early for Sunday lunch.
The food was pretty good, not amazing. The location is great, in the Civic Center. But this place is WAY overpriced. Chicken dishes are $15, lamb dishes are $17, and they charge you for naan (and an order of naan comes with ONE piece of naan! We had to order two for two people). I come from a place that normally has higher prices than AZ and our Indian places were better, less expensive and always had free naan. If this weren't so much closer than other Indian places, I would say I wouldn't be back.
Very bad taste, half cooked gravy flavor, both dishes tasted the same, and bad service not to mention couldn't eat the food or pack it, and they didn't care we threw the food and we didn't like it. No credit courtesy at all. Never going back. Waste of money.
We just love this place.  They have the sweetest little patio that overlooks the civic plaza lawn so it's nice and quiet and not on a road.  I've never ordered the same thing twice and I've always loved everything- that's saying a lot!
Hands down, the most consistent and delicious Indian food in town - the jewel kabob appetizer is a gem in itself.  Naans, curries all outstanding.  It's also one of the few spots in town where we request it "spicy" and they actually do it..........it's also extremely convenient for our other favorite hangout where they serve those oh-so delicious swimming pools, er I mean martinis.  LOL
Excellent Indian food! The place is a bit hidden but that's what I liked about it. Great menu, amazing tastes. I highly recommend
Mediocre and extremely overpriced Indian food. It's about $4 per single garlic naan? $7 per tiny Samosa? $6 mango lasi? Take your business elsewhere. The kicker is not only is it overpriced, it's not even good. Not terrible, but not good either. And the service slow as a snail's pace. Will not be back ever again.
I do not know why people would ever give this place low stars. Jewel of the Crown has been one of the best Indian restaurants in the valley. They use really fresh ingredients and their food does not have that overwhelming richness most Indian food usually has. I'm indian, and this food is a replica of what my mom makes! AMAZING.  My favorite dish is the Chicken Tikka Masala! It is amazingly good and what they are known for! Everything is priced fairly...after all you are in Old Town Scottsdale. All the other restaurants are the same. Atmosphere is SO beautiful..everything is nice and clean too unlike some other gross Indian restaurants.   Overall, excellent!!! :)
Vegetarian Menu : made us sick.    We should have complained and left but we ate it and forever regret it.  We ordered 4 Vegetarian entrees and all were OLD VEGETABLES ( I eat freshly cooked vegetables every day so I know when I'm served old vegetables).    Went there on Friday night and from 6:30-7:30pm there were only 3 other tables(suckers like us with Groupons).   Karaikudi Palace is the best Indian Restaurant in Phoenix.
Most certainly one of the best and premier Indian Indian restaurants in Phoenix, but arguably one of the best in the southwests.  Can't really identify anything we didn't like. Atmosphere is great. Lamb masala and fish tandoori was spectacular. Garlic naan, on point. But the vegetable samosas were the spotlight. Not too doughy, the vegetable filling was unique. And paired the side of channa chick peas- delish!!   We will be back and probably be bringing friends with us to show them this hidden gem. And it is a little hidden, tucked into one of the plazas in old town. But if you are familiar: it's nestled in by the iconic AZ88.   Spot on. Thumbs up all around.
They're open late, they're cheap, and it's the tastiest indian food you'll find in town. The began barta is out of this world good.
I don't want to spend too much time on this restaurant. I've already wasted time eating there. Too salty! Too dry and too salty. I know you want more, but I've wiped it out of my mind.
I had a mediocre dining experience as far as the service and the setting but my goodness was the food ever delicious. It is some of the best I have had in the valley. I used to drive from central all the way over there just to have it. Yummy! When the food is good I can get over the other stuff, I must say the TV thing does bug the crap out of me but when I want curry not much else matters!
Let me be clear: every single thing Mr. K said is correct. "Surly Auntie" owns the store with her brother, I believe. I still only get a half smile after years of patronage AND having lived with a former employee. But the food is good.  I like that the hummus comes with black olives, I like that it's a bit thicker than Pita Jungle's creamy concoction (available just up the street). I like the fried pakora. I like the yogurt-based pakora curry, though it tends to lose it's bearings on the buffet table. I like getting my own soda and napkins.   The thalis (combo platters) are affordable, not sure how the meat version is, but the veggie option is a good start if you miss the lunch buffet and are at a loss (after going to so many single-option vegetarian restaurants, it's quite easy to forget how to order). The briyani (spicy fried rice with veggies) is also delicious and served with tsatziki (I believe, which is a cucumber yogurt sauce). I clearly just like yogurt in this review... here's one: My father likes the dal. Ta-da!   Many options at or around five bucks, including lunch buffet (used to be 4 something, including drink, not too sure now).
This is a Pakastani restaurant.  It only includes the word Indian to be more p.c.  I'm Indian so I grew up on Indian food and that's what I enjoy.  I have some Pakastani friends who enjoy this restaurant.  This food is more meat laden and not spicy which is typical of Pakastani food. This is not an Indian restaurant by any means.  If you are Pakastani, I think you wil enjoy this restaurant more than the Indian restaurants in the valley. If you are a non-Indian/Pakastani, you may prefer this restaurant because it's not very spicy and it has a lot of meat dishes in the buffet etc.
Two Stars. Because the people are nice I will not criticize too much but take it easy on the salt.
Having been to an American buffet yesterday that would be hard to match anywhere, I decided to head out for something completely different today, & landed here at Copper Kettle.  This is a smallish place, with a few booths & a few tables.  It's nice enough inside, & I settled into a comfortable booth & prepared (after having read some of the other reviews) to be confronted by Surly Auntie, straight out of "What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?".  Before long, Auntie stepped out of the doored kitchen for a moment, smiled a bit (It must have been a muscle tick), & waved toward the food, as if to say, "Help yourself," which I immediately did.  Now, I've never tasted Pakistani (or Indian) food before, so you're not going to get a comparison to anything here.  Also, with the 10 trays of food not labeled, I'm not going to be able to tell you much about what was out.  I WILL say, though, that I had some of everything from the salad & warm flat bread at one end through the very long-grained white rice in a big steamer at the other, & all the hot dishes in between, including at least one with chicken & another with mutton or lamb.  Everything was delicious, & I went back for "seconds" several times.  A young couple dined near me, & they seemed to be having a good time too.  Auntie appeared from the kitchen only for a few seconds now & then to quickly check up on the serving tables.  When it was time to go, I stuck my head into the kitchen to summon her for checkout, where the price was only $8 including help-yourself drinks.  Auntie turned out to be sweet & warm, thanking me graciously for having come in.  I'll be seeing her again soon, if only for seconds at a time, since I thoroughly enjoyed myself here!
In short: Pretty decent Pakistani food, good buffet too.  Service is sometimes not the greatest.  I used to go here all the time for their lunch buffet after a night of drinking, the best cure for a hangover I have found so far.  Another plus is that it's open till pretty late, so you can always grab a quick bite.  While you are siting down for your food you can watch a selection of never ending Indian soaps.  They are just like American ones except with less of a plot and more evil twins than you can count.  The food is pretty tasty and the portions are not bad for the price.  Don't expect Indian gourmet, but more like Pakistani home cooking.  You can have a thali (main dish with accompaniment of curries) or order separate.  I love their chicken tikka masala, and the lamb or chicken kurma.  Their buffet is pretty nice too, you can find the typical south Asian dishes.  I like the food here better than most Indian restaurants cause they don't go nuts with the spices.  I think in general Pakistani food is less spicy than Indian food.  I do have to note that sometimes the service is sub par, but not always.  The atmosphere is not the best, a bit rundown and weirdly lit, but I usually don't give it much head and enjoy their food.
= = = = = = CLOSED = = = = = =  *  Sadly, this location, featuring "Surly Auntie" has closed.    *  Happily, the Mesa location, featuring her brother "Grumpy Uncle" lives on, & is a good place to go for a Pakistani lunch buffet!     :-)
One of the best indian food preparations in Phoenix/Tempe area
We were treated here last night. After reading the other reviews I was a bit nervous about Surly Aunty, but guess we got lucky - she wasn't Surly at all. Rather nice in fact. She took the time to explain what halva was to the adjoining table, both of whom seemed relatively new to the concept.   The place was small. Nice decorations. One deep red wall. However the ceiling tiles were as described - in need of urgent repair. There was one flat screen tv at the center of the room, placed to (somewhat) obscure the window view of the back parking lot.   When we got there, it was set to a desi satellite channel (showing a drama) which imo added to the atmosphere of it being like a home. However, shortly after we sat down a young man wandered in, changed the channel to football, regardless of other people who were engrossed in the drama and sat down to eat. Later I realized he was probably the son of said not-so-Surly Auntie. He certainly treated the place like it WAS his home, so maybe I'm not all wrong.   Food ok. I had the chicken boti, well cooked and juicy but quite spicy. Just a personal preference, I like this not overly spiced so you can really taste the meat and not just get a mouthful of hot. It did not come sizzling and the onions on the side were cold. Not just room temperature, but refrigerator cold. It came with raita but no lettuce, tomatoes or lemon. MH loved his food so that was something. About the naans, they seemed like a cross between naans and roti - coarser texture b/c of more wheat flour than white.   I would go again to pick up something for him when I didn't want to cook, but for myself, no. There is outside seating, but given that it directly faces the street and the light rail, I'm not sure who would actually use it. Oh and it was really hard to find.
This place is a surprise...its in a tiny strip mall next to ASU. On one side is Kinkos..on the other is a titty bar..and the outside looks forbidding.  When you walk inside, its like another world - all the walls are painted, there is drapery hung around, it smells good. There is some sort of shrine in the doorway and a map of India.   The staff is helpful overall (had a few misses, but since I come here often, its been a good experience). The Naan is so damn good. The potato-spinach dish that i"ve been calling 'saag' but is really something else is a dish I crave.   Be cautious of the spice ratings here..it varies but more than once i've asked for 'medium' and gotten 'omg-hot'.   Call ahead for take out :)  [Edit 9/1/07: I'm sorry to say that I had to drop the stars on this place. The past three times I've eaten there, the Naan has been obviously dry, somewhat stale. I'm certain that its the same naan that they had leftover from the lunch brunch meal.  They don't seem to have much business during the summer (like most az places) and seem to be resorting to cost saving measures. Either way, the naan has been sucky and that's affected my enjoyment of the meal. I'm going to stop going here. ]
Was pretty good. There was a lot of us and we odered a ton of stuff, family style. Some was better, some was worse, but overall it was all pretty good. Service was alright too. Plates were clean as were tables and such.  Pretty descent all in all.  "I like"  Eugene
I've been eating at Delhi Palace for years and  it is pretty decent north Indian food. Nothing to blow your doors off, but good enough. The lunch time buffet can be hit or miss, but when it is "on" it is oh so good. Tandoori chicken, tikka masala, palak paneer, garlic naan and pakoras are some of my favorites. They also serve a hot tea and I am not sure what it is called but it goes really well with the spicy food.  When I am not dining for lunch the mushroom bhajee or seafood tandooris are  my dishes of choice. Don't fool yourself into thinking the veggie options are going to be good for you. Most of their dishes are loaded in cream, ghee or paneer so diner beware, it is easy to pack in over 1,000 calories in a sitting.. Make sure to top it off with a flying horse lager. This beer is so good I usually order one to go!
I've eaten at Delhi Palace many times, always hoping it would be better.  The buffet does offer many choices, and it's a great stop for lunch, if your standards for Indian food are fairly low.  I eat Indian food quite often at a variety of restaurants, so I have high standards.  The prices here for entres are about average (just under $10) for Indian.  The rice and naan must be ordered separately, which is also not uncommon.  The service certainly was prompt, and that is appreciated.  In fact, it seemed like we had two waiters last night, as two gentleman brought us food, refilled our drinks, and checked in on us.  The disappointment came from the quality of food.  It did not taste fresh.  The basmati rice was somewhat hard, which may mean it was overcooked or old.  The malai kofta that I ordered, usually a fool-proof dish, also tasted chewy and somewhat old.  One of my companions was very happy with her chicken curry.  The other companion was very disappointed with the yoghurt masala, which she said was devoid of any solid food and was much too spicy for "mild" as requested.  If you're near ASU, I suppose it will have to do, but there are many tastier options in the same plaza/strip mall.  I would not come back if I could avoid it.
Good tandoori chicken.  Skip the bland lamb curry.  Spinach curry was delicious; eat it with basmati rice.  Excellent samosas.  Heavenly gulab jamun.  The carrot squares were delicious, as well.  Wash it all down with chai.  $9 lunch buffet.  Can't wait to try again!
I'll admit, there isn't much to choose from in terms of Indian in Phoenix.  The prices are reasonable here, but it makes me yearn for good Indian food.  This just isn't that.
This was a random hapenstance encounter as we were lightrailing Tempe.  We needed dinner.  The ethiopian place three doors down doesn't serve alcohol. Hey Indian food! Let's try that. Unfortunately, we left wholly unsatisfied.   I'm no Indian connesseur, but I like my food hot yet with some flavor.  This was more just pouring red pepper in my mouth. The decor was standard strip mall Indian - mirrors and murals.  The service was fine but the food was just meh. There's no reason to trek out here if you're craving good Indian food - unless your sole goal is to make you nose run and clear your sinuses.
I love Indian food! And I've had a lot of Indian food regularly though out my life in many countries. Delhi Palace Cuisine serves very good North Indian food it's as simple as that. It is reasonably priced too.  I went there for dinner with a few friends of mine after one of them boasted "I'll take you to the best Indian restaurant in Phoenix!" He's probably right.  We shared the food so had the beef biryani which was very good, the chicken tikka masala which was great, its a creamy dish as it's supposed to be but they didn't over do it as some places do. so don't feel guilty about ordering it. The Tandoori chicken was excellent and I'm picky about tandoori chicken. They have  a decent vegetarian section but I only tried the Palak Paneer & it was some of the best I've had; even though it's not usually my type of dish.  I didn't like the Ice tea though, it tasted like it had some special spice or something but serves me right for ordering Ice tea at an Indian restaurant. The garlic nan was good too.  The atmosphere is typical for lots of indian restaurants. It doesn't feel like a cafeteria or anything like that but it's not going to impress anyone or wow your date. But it's comfortable, relaxed, unpretentious and true/authentic to the type of restaurant. There were a few indian couples around; always a good sign.  The service was excellent; they didn't interrupt the conversation as I've found happens too often in US restaurants these days, But they were always there; prompt ready to serve & respond. I didn't feel rushed either.  In a nutshell, if you want to experience tasty authentic north Indian food and enjoy your meal & company check this place out. I'm definitely coming back.
Great Lunch buffet... for some odd reason when I wake up hungover the only thing I want is plate after plate of Indian food. They have the usual assortment of curry dishes, vegetables, and bbq'd meats, as well as sauces for the naan. The best thing about this restaurant (bumping it to a 4 star instead of 3) is that: they refill my drinks when they're not even halfway down; and they bring around fresh, hot bread once when you sit down and again halfway through the meal. The price is normal for a lunch buffet, and everything else is what you would expect.
There is nothing much on the outside of this windowless place to attract you, but once you enter, there is TONS of atmosphere, & it is as if you have been transported to India!  On this, my first visit, I was cheerfully greeted, seated at a comfortable table, & the service was friendly and attentive.  A good crowd was already here around 11:45 on this Saturday, feasting on the buffet choices which included some interesting things I hadn't seen before, such as Goat Curry, and a lamb dish with a name too long to remember.  Although I will say that I think the food at Flavors of India is a tad better, there's a lot to like about this place.  I'm very close to saying, "If you've been to Delhi Palace Cuisine of India, you've been to India!"  In any event, I certainly liked the place & intend to be dining there again in a Mumbai minute!  *  Lunch buffet 7 days a week for $8.95. *  Beer & Wine served. *  They have a Website, but the info on it is all wrong!  They're open 7     days & it's always $8.95
It's a little pricey but it is definitely worth it! I love this restaurant! The atmosphere is amazing I always feel like I'm on a nice date even when I go with my mom. I like to get the dinners because you get a really nice selection of different dishes. Their tandoori is also amazing its not super dry like most places. Try anything you like and you won't be disappointed. Get it as spicy as you can stand!  They also have extensive vegetarian options. Extensive, delicious options.  I recommend this place wholeheartedly!
The only reason Delhi Palace gets 5 stars is because it was my intro to indian food. Now i have to eat indian food several times a month, and if you ask me to eat it more than once a week, i'll do it. I'll even eat it more than once a day to spite you. I'm addicted and i blame Delhi Palace. I don't NEED you, Delhi Palace, i just WANT you!   It's not my favorite indian food place, but it's my "indian food baseline." Every other indian food place is compared to Delhi Palace. It's like eating mom's meatloaf. You may not even like meatloaf, but you'll eat it when mom makes it because it's your mom and she'll make you sit at the dinner table until it's all done, anyway.   Wait, what? I think you know what i mean, don't play dumb.  No, really though. It's not the best, but it's definitely awesome.
Hello, my name is Jeremy and I'm an addict.... I am NEVER going to quit! My stomach is blind and loves all foods. Today, Indian! Delhi Palace is very good. I have enjoyed every dish. If you are a beginner I truly recommend a dish called Chicken Tikka Masala. It is a real starter dish and is a mainstay on almost every Indian menu. It is fragrant, creamy, rich and warming. It is not spicy. That's just a tip for newcomers. For foodies and ethnic eaters do try the Karahi Goat very hot. It is delicious. Vegetable Korma quells the heat a little. The Paneer here is some of the best I have tasted. Fresh, firm and creamy. Daler Mehndi the "Punjab Pimp" is humming beats in my head now. I must go , my food has arrived. Oh, I love when reps bring me free lunch.  Please, do not forget the Naan. I hope you enjoy.
I have yet to find a better mix of service and food at any Indian food restaurant. The place is dark, cool, and the food is incredible.  Palak Paneer - good for your vegetarian friends Chicken Korma - sweet and savory flavors in a creamy yellow sauce Lamb Boti Kabab - the onions will melt in your mouth Chicken Tikka Masala - tomato base with a little kick Garlic Naan, I could go on and on...  Have the papadum and ask for the mango chutney as your appetizer. If you are so inclined, the veggie samosas are delicious with some of the tamarind sauce drizzled on top. Have some Indian Tea to drink, but save room for the Kheer for dessert.  They are also good for to-go orders and it's usually ready in minutes!
Hands down this is one of the BEST places in the Phoenix valley for Indian food.
This is my favorite Indian restaurant in the Tempe/Mesa area. Its the tastiest and has the best prices. The lunch buffet is the best too.
Once inside, you'd never know that outside the windows (which due to relfective covering and decor sort of disappear)...lies an ugly strip mall in a non-descript transition neighborhood next to ASU.  That said, lamb vindaloo is a tasty treat and when you order it hot, it actually comes HOT (spice).    Place never seems to be busy when I'm there (mid-week) but servers are attentive and typically have given me a free naan or some other treat.    Go for the mango yogurt drink if you can't take the heat.
OK, its in a strip mall....but what isnt?  I absolutely love this place for Indian food. The staff is friendly and the service is fast. The madras chicken melts in your mouth! We seriously lapped up every bit of the gravy with our naan. This wasn't the only dish that was fantastic. Everything was very good. Definitely one of the best places for Indian food in the valley (east and west).
Oh so very tasty. Don't let the exterior fool you. Yes, they are in a strip mall, but I am slowly learning that sometimes these deceptively blah buildings house fantastic treats. Well, that describes this place. The garlic naan is sooooo delicious. When my friends come down from the boonies in Northern AZ this is one of the places we always go to. The curry, lamb vindaloo, kebabs, chicken korma...I really could just keep going on and on! Everything is delicious. If you are in the Tempe area and are looking for some delicious Indian food, check this spot out!
I was very impressed with this place.  Having a serious craving for Indian (after reading its review) I could think of nothing else.  I drove from mid-scottsdale to try this location out and I am glad I did.  It was absolutely delicious.  I did find that the selection was a bit small for the lunch buffet, but with the never-ending naan and basmati rice and the Indian tea I was blown away.  This place was my perfect fix for Indian.  I am planning on making this a usual haunt for lunch and dinner.  Also, the price was VERY reasonable.  $12 for all you can Indian was more than I could have asked for, especially given the prices at other restaurants.  Thank you so much Yelp for suggesting I go eat Indian today.
We went here tonight for dinner, and the whole experience was just a notch above median. We picked this place through Yelp, and though we cook Indian food (I'm Indian) at least 3 days a week, sometimes we crave for restaurant Indian food. We ordered the mixed grill plate for appetizers and chicken tikka masala and naan for the main course. The mixed grill plate comprised of kabobs (both seekh and tikkas of chicken, lamb and beef) laid on a THICK bed of sauteed onions and a couple of lemon wedges. It arrived sizzling hot, and several people turned their heads to see where that szzzzz sound was coming from!  I dug into it with my mouth salivating in expectation, but it was a rude shock. The chicken was dry to the mouth. The seekh kabobs were overpowered with spices (mainly red pepper), and the quantity--so abysmal! The bed of onions probably weighed more in quantity than the meat. The tikkas were standard fare...oily and spicy gravy, with cubed pieces of chicken. The place is good for students, because it's so close to ASU, but otherwise, I don't think I will go back there again!
When I first came to PHX...yes this sounded indian to me. That was 3 years ago...Ever since I have had the chance to go with real indians (dot not feather) and try the real stuff. So last time I was here, invited by a friend...I found flavors just lame!   Want to dream this is indian food...go ahead! and keep pretending.
Delhi Palace was really my first experience with Indian food, with its location near ASU and whatnot.  So, obviously, I liked Delhi Palace.  Until I tried other Indian places, that is.  I have since come to the realization that Delhi Palace is actually incredibly bland by Indian food standards.  They sometimes have a decent selection of dishes, but if you're looking for good flavor, drive up the road a couple miles to Taj Mahal.
Nothing wrong with this place, but when you can't even say you're the best Indian buffet in all of Tempe...  Been there three times. Same items on the buffet each time. That would be OK if they were great, but the ground lamb dish doesn't have flavor, the chicken curry dish is filled with chopped up fatty dark meat, and the tandoori chicken is dry cooking under the heat lamp for long periods of time.  If somebody invites you here, no problem. It's not terrible. But if you want cheap Indian buffet in Tempe, you've got at least a couple other better options. And now that I think about it, it's 10 bucks with tax and drink, so hard to even call it cheap...
Tandoori Chicken, that's all I have to say to anyone who has been here and they will lapse into a curry coma of epic proportions. From the outside the place may not look like much but she's got it where it counts. Once you walk in the immediate feeling is of being under dressed.  The Inside is set up like a proper date movie restraunt complete with chandeliers and frilly table cloths.  Now you can go for dinner and eat your meal with dignity OR! you can go for the lunch buffet and leave all your inhibitions and delusions of self respect on the plate, since that's all that's going to be on it.  "Lick that shit clean!"  to quote a friend.  The price is cheap but you would sell your soul and all adjacent souls once you're done with this place.  Just go.  Go now.
I spend allot of time at the Tempe Improv so I go to the Delhi Palace for the lunch buffet which is located on the south side of the building across the street on University. The lunch buffet is open from 11:00 - 2:30 so if you like authentic northern Indian cuisine this is the real deal for $8.95 and the best part is you don't have to whip out the Sun Brand Tandoori Powder and make it yourself.  I normally do not like buffet food that has been sitting under a heat lamp for any length of time but if you arrive early at 11:00 when they first open there is a good chance your buffet food experience will be a good one. I believe the food on the lunch buffet is not spicy on purpose to appeal to the masses which would make since, I personally prefer my Indian food spicy with some burn and I'm sure if you order something off the regular menu they will kick it up a notch for you.  The Delhi Palace is home of the MASALA they have Chicken Tikka Masala, Garam Masala, Chana Masala, Chaat Masala, Tandoori Masala, and even Yogurt Masala. The only Masala missing off the menu is Penn Masala, the world's first Hindi a cappella singing group formed in 1996 by a group of students at the University of Pennsylvania. Deep down I must believe ASU is working on their first Hindi a cappella singing group but heck that's another story.  My personal favorites here are the Tandoori Chicken, Chicken Korma, Palak Paneer, Chicken Tikka Masala and the Garlic Naan bread if your into Indian beers you will like the fact they have Taj Mahal and Flying Horse Royal Lager beer, I normally drink the hot chai tea.  Repeat after me can you say green mint chutney.
3.5--Took too long to completet the review but I believe my partner had the chicken vindaloo, we had various chutney's, and I ordered the Tandoori chicken. It thought everything was good. One of the chutneys was nice and spicy so my son, who is very particular, okay picky actually enjoyed it with a side of rice and chicken appetizer. Overall, the service was good and so was the food, would visit again...
I'm a south-asian so I know my indian food and this place has been the best I've had so far. The lunch buffet is the best, the naan service is prompt and frequent, the taste of musical ambiance is trendy, the price is cheap compared to the quality of the experience.
Delhi Palace is hands down one of the best Indian places in Tempe. Only beaten by Royal Taj (which is truly wonderful and I suggest you try it).  The service is so-so. Half of the service men don't come by regularly but there is at least one guy who is super attentive and does pretty well about re-filling drinks and finding out if you are doing ok.  I've had many of the dishes there including their Chicken Tikka Masalla, Tandoori Chicken, Chicken and Lamb Vindaloo. The garlic naan is fantastic. The best dish of what I tried was the Tikka Masalla. The vindaloo is off somehow, it used to be my favorite dish back in San Francisco but I haven't found an Indian place here in Tempe that does it right. However, their Masalla is amazing. That sauce with garlic naan is MMMMM.  The decor is very authentic, so is the smell of the restaurant. As with a lot of good Indian places it can get kind of cloying but if you are into the Indian culture and food you can easily get past it.
Delhi Palace is my favorite Indian food restaurant... ever!  Do not be deterred by the exterior.  Just trust me on this one.  What awaits you inside will make you forget everything you have ever known and loved... you will want to sit there and eat until you can eat no more.  The buffet is a great value and the food is consistently fresh and delicious.  I have been going here since I was a young teenager and have always loved it.  But, the ultimate proof of their quality and authenticity came when I took my two friends who grew up in India and were visiting Phoenix for the weekend.  They thought it was excellent.  If you go to the buffet try everything.  If you go there for dinner, I highly recommend the Chicken Makhani.  Do not miss out on this gem.
This is a nice little place in a nondescript strip mall near ASU. The food is primarily North Indian, and it's tasty. My lentils were nicely spiced, and my boyfriend couldn't stop talking about his lamb korma for the next half hour after we left. If you like Indian food and are in northern Tempe, I recommend trying this one.
The lunch buffet is fantastic! I've suggested it to all of my colleagues and friends!
Love this place! The food always great! The lunch buffet is my favorite, and the lunch time service is excellent...rarely do I ever have to ask for water or more naan. One side of the buffet is all vegetarian so I never have to worry or ask if something has meat. The naan is so always soft and hot!   Highly recommend!!
The Absolute best Indian Food in Tempe! Great food, full water cups, and a hospitable staff make this my favorite restaurant of all time.
I was astonished. I moved back to Tempe and was looking for good indian food. Someone in my class recommended this place and I am so happy they did. I always got chili chicken and garlic naan at my old place and Delhi Palace's version was even better. I am a raving fan! They even gave me garlic naan
I have visited this restaurant several times. I went with my co-workers about three times and with friends about two times. Each time I visited I was seated immediately.  I have only ever went during the buffet lunch time. I highly recommend the basmati rice, the tandoori chicken, and the spinach dish. I absolutely loved the naan flatbread that they give you, which is similar to Indian Fry Bread. The naan comes out hot and soft. The tea is not sweet, but there is sugar on the table.  Overall, this is an amazing place that I would go to again and again.  1-Never again 2-Try once more 3-Average 4-Liked 5-Will come back again
the buffet, you, must...go to it...nurrrrrr, AMAZING!
Excellent chicken tikka!! We used to drive 20 minutes just to eat here.
This place is one of my favorite places to eat at while in Tempe (sadly, I don't go that often since graduating from ASU).  I've eaten here many, many, many times so that tells you I'm a fan. I go back for the same reasons - very well made, great tasting N Indian dishes such as the Keema Mutter (ground lamb), Chicken Tikka, Tandoori Chicken, and their Gulab Jamun and rice pudding is super tasty.  I know how to enjoy this place without pigging out (1st round of proteins, 2nd round of vegetables, skip the bread and rice, 2 gulab and I'm set!), though I do leave quite full but not regretting it.  Their service is good and I've never had any server issues.. nor food issues, for that matter.  They are consistent in flavorful N Indian food and service (I went 2 weeks ago and was impressed with the fact that nothing had changed!) so that's why I'm a fan.
Best lunch buffet ever! They walk by and constantly drop-off fresh naan. How can you go wrong with that?
When Taj Mahal closed/was sold my boyfriend and I were sorely disappointed that we lost our favorite Indian restaurant and lunch buffet. By chance we went here tonight and finally after a couple of months we can say we've found a new favorite! We are snobs when it comes to good Indian food and we were giving up on finding another good place to go to.  I am a korma girl and it was so tasty, their mild is pretty mild so if you can handle some spice go to medium, and my boyfriend's masala was surprisingly better then Taj Mahal's. A feat we though was impossible. The garlic naan was cooked/baked to perfection--- at other places we've tried its been burned or awkwardly gummy.  Even though we just had dinner there tonight we decided we're going back tomorrow for lunch to check out the $8.95 lunch buffet!
I love this place, the service is second to none. The naan is always fresh and the saag is the best thing I have ever tasted. The lunch buffet is great cause they always have goat curry, saag, and chicken tikki masala. Then they have 2 random dishs. Best indian food I have ever had. and I have been to my fair share of Indian places around the valley.
Quality lunch buffet, good service, I left stuffed! I don't live in the area (more like a few hundred miles west) but I found frequent this place if I wasn't so far away. I am not a fan of the decor but oh well, the food is good!
Um...yes please! This is one of those cases where the idiom 'you can't judge a book by its cover' really applies. This place looks awful from the outside...like a place you would never want to go, BUT do not be fooled! I went here yesterday with my dad and brother for the lunch buffet and it was killer! There was a wide variety of dishes including chicken tikka masala (my fave dish), a spinach curry, a vegetarian meatball in curry, a stewed goat dish (which was Ah mazing), and even desserts and chai tea. They also come around and bring naan to your table. All for like 9$ per person! The food here I thought was really really good, and for the price you can't beat it. I've paid double or more to eat at some other Indian restaurants around tempe, and I can honestly say that this was just as good, if not better, than those places (plus the variety of a buffet is nice). I will be back here for sure!
The best Indian I ever had was this Navajo babe, whose name translated "Spreads like butter."  The second best Indian, food that is, was here at Delhi Palace. Well, not really, it was in London, but who cares, that's like five thousand miles away. If you live in Phoenix, or visit here often, and you like Indian, (dots, not feathers) you'll want to go here.  Here's why.  The place is crawling with Indians, and that's a good sign considering most Indian joints are littered with white people. And everyone knows white people cant tell the difference between a good curry and cold-boiled mule.  Secondly, all the Caucasians flock to Applebees or Olive Garden on a typical weekend night, evidence of which is a line of people standing outside waiting for hours to be seated. I don't like to wait.  I also don't like making reservations.  That's where Delhi Palace excels in my book.  I never have to wait on a weekend night since the only people eating there are Indians and me.   The palak paneer is great. Lamb vindaloo superb. Tandoori oven cooked foods aren't dry and overcooked.  They also make a good Mango Lassi.  I like this place.  Even that singy-songy shit they call Indian music blaring from the sound system, which typically makes me irritable halfway through the meal.  For some reason I like their music, but it's still weird.
Get the palaak paneer.  Seriously.  I cannot emphasize this enough; I don't go anywhere else when I'm craving it.  If that were its only redeeming quality, I would still give the place 3 stars!  However, the rest of the food is also fantastic.  They're excellent at adjusting the temperature of the food for whatever suits your palate (which is great since I'm a weakling but my boyfriend likes things extra super spicy).    The garlic naan is awesome, and a staple of our visits in addition to the palaak paneer.  We usually order a lamb dish and a chicken dish along with the rice, and trust me there's leftovers each time.  The vegetable pakora is great, as well, and I've enjoyed several of their other vegetarian dishes from time to time.    I can't speak to the authenticity of the place, as I've never been to India, but I can speak to what tastes great, and this place is it!
= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =  I've enjoyed eating here several times since my original review almost three years ago.  As I noted before, this place just drips with authenticity!  Outside you are in Tempe, USA, standing in front of a blah looking, windowless restaurant.  As soon as you pass through the door it's as if you are in a nice restaurant in INDIA!!  Having tried all of the Indian Buffets in the Valley (I think), mostly since the original review, I have to say that this one earns the spot right up in my "Top 10" of them all, because:  *  They are open & serving the Buffet every day!  *  They don't charge extra on the weekend!  *  Once I came here with a large non-Yelp group of friends, & without reservations.  They immediately whipped up tables to provide ideal seating for all of us in the larger of the two dining rooms, & without the slightest complaint.  *  See those "kid's plates" in the photos?  They are great for Indian food, because some of it is rather soupy.  YES, they also have regular china plates out for you to choose, if you like.  The food here is tasty too!  What I had today included tasty garlic Naan bread, served piping hot at the table, great salad for an Indian place, Chana Masala (sort of a chickpea soup), Mushroom Bhajee (no clue, but it's good!), vegetable pakoras, Kheer Aloo Gobbi (cauliflower & potato casserole), Saag (spinich... super good here!), Keema Matar (lamburger), Goat Curry, & of course the obligatory Chicken Tikki Masala & Tandoori Chicken, finishing up with Mango Custard & piping hot, tasty Indian Tea (help yourself & no extra charge).     :-))  Lunch Buffet including hot tea, only $8.95 7 days, & the spices are mild so bring your kids!
WHOA!! What a cultural shock walking in from the totally common parking lot inside this shrine.  The smell instantly hits you and the taste buds start salivating.   I go at lunch time for the buffet and always walk out wishing I had worn elastic.  Everything is very good and it's fun mixing it all up.  The staff is quick with the nan and refills.  The 1st clue that this place rocks?  Loaded with Indians.  I also have to admit that I like entire meals without utensils.  Ya, I'm ready again
HOLY! HOLY! HOLY! this place is so good. NEVER! EVER! go for dinner. DO THE LUNCH BUFFET! so FLIPPIN good. lots of choices and everything is well made and to style. I love this place. I'm in love, I'm in love and I don't care who knows it.
Great food and excellent service every time I'm here. Also reasonably priced. My favorites are the Korma and Tikka Masala chicken dishes and garlic naan. There's a lunchtime buffet too but I've never tried it.
While not my favorite indian buffet, this one was pretty good.  There was a fairly large and varied selection. I found everything I had to be tasty, just seeming to be flavored towards the bland end of mild. I also found all of the dishes to have a higher level of oiliness than i would have liked. There was not as much 'char' flavor on the tandoori chicken as I am used to. The garlic naan was not only delicious, but it comes straight to your table hot and they just keep bringing it, as long as you're eating it, no need to run out or even ask for more. Service was prompt and courteous, but it was too busy while I was there for them to be able to display anything beyond simply keeping things up with the rush, which they did nicely. The tables were a little cramped even when some of them were still empty, but as soon as the placed filled up, it was ridiculous. There were an unfortunate few whose table was placed so near the buffet that they were in the way of the line that formed. That lined was so much worse than it should have been, however someone long ago made the unfortunate decision to place the buffet line in a U shape. This makes it hard for more than 2-3 people to dish out food at the same time, and everyone else waits outside of the U for their turn. I thought the L shape of another buffet I go to was inconvenient, but I'm going to love it next time i go compared to this U buffet. Many things to enjoy here, including the value.  It's under ten bucks, and there seems to always be a $1 off coupon available somewhere.
bottomless cups of Indian Tea and the best vegetable Korma I've had anywhere. They make their own Paneer & let you buy it if you want to cook with it at home.  Fantastic!
Been to this place probably about 5 times for dinner. I don't like buffet as much so I can't say much about it. You can order from the menu at lunch also, if you prefer that over the buffet. Their service is really good. The food is good also. My favorite dishes are the Chicken Tikka Massala and the Vegetable Korma, along with Naan. It's one of the best Indian food restaurants I've tried around the valley, probably the best out of 4 I've tried.
Great selection of indian food.   You can go off the menu or choose the lunch buffett.  It is not the spiciest of foods so if your party has a mild stomach it is perfect for them.
A little kindness goes a long way, boys.  This review is for the 3 star lunch buffet and the 1 star service.  I have to admit that I am out and out soured for most Indian buffets in that my fave one in DC, Ragaa, makes me weep how good it is.  But one of my fellow Yelp buddies said this place made her belly happy, so I gave it a try. The smells and sight of the sparkling dining room made me thing that good things were coming my way.  As I perused the buffet, I noticed that it was really geared towards quantity rather than quality.  Tandoori chicken was way overcooked (and all dark meat - not a big deal, but it seems like they are saving the white meat for something else - maybe dinner?) and the other meat dishes were just so-so.  Saag paneer was tasty, as was the daal, but both forgettable.  And the rice!  It wasn't fluffy and light like you'd expect, but a little crunchy - a sin at an Indian restaurant as far as I'm concerned!  The only true delight is the warm, hot naan that they bring by to sop up the sauce on your plate.  I could make a meal of just it, except that $10 is a little steep.  My true issue with the place is the sheer lack of kindness on the face of anyone that works there.  It's like they are pissed off that they have to serve you and want to be elsewhere.  Fine by me!  Go away and have someone else serve me that'll say "You're welcome!" when I say "Thank you" instead of scowling and walking away.  We actually got into an argument the first time I went there - we were a party of three, but a friend was coming so I asked for a table for four.  The friend never came, so we were surprised when they charged us for four buffets and then put up a fight when we asked to take the fourth charge off for a person that was never there.  Come on, man!  You served us bread and water our entire meal - you saw only the three of us.  Sad.  I have to admit, I do return to this place when friends suggest it for lunch - like a drunken hookup, I fall into it and then ask myself what I am doing once I am there.  I need to scope the valley for a new place and stop giving in to convenience of location.
Ate here with some friends and we all had the lunch buffet. Thought it was pretty good, pretty solid selection for the price. I enjoyed the lamb very much-it was nice and tender and the chicken tikki masala was pretty good too. For dessert they have a pretty mean mango custard too :) can't comment on the authenticity of everything since I don't eat Indian food often. I would definitely go back again though!
Excellent food, attentive service,very reasonable prices. What's not to like? Well, the table at which we were seated needed a bit of attention to its cleanliness. Otherwise I would have seriously considered five stars. But that was minor; I'll be back at first opportunity.
My Indian coworker took me in for some Indian all-you-can-eat for lunch (~$9/person). Over-all a good meal - they offered three each of meat dishes and vegetarian entrees with a whole bunch of side options. Bottomless delicious naan and these fuckin amazing carrot bread dessert squares - almost drooled on my desk even thinking about those delicious orange fuckers.
I promised myself I would not write this review.  But, I couldn't even keep this promise to myself.  My eating partner told me I owed the world this review considering that money is tight and people need to know what they are getting or not getting for their money. The staff was friendly upon our arrival and we were seated expeditiously.  Not too crowded for a Saturday night, hmmmmm.    My eating partner wanted to sit next to me instead of facing me so he began to move the placemat & silverware to the other side.  The waiter trying to be helpful, put all five of his fingers, on what was destined to be my plate, and swished the plate next to the other plate.  Helpful, but I was somewhat concerned about where those five fingers had been last.  i was soooo self disciplined that  didn't say a word, but I did use antibacterial hand cleaner on my plate.  With mersa and other types of infections abounding, I didn't want to take a chance.   Papdum came with coriander chutney.  Crispy and plentiful. The chicken biryani served to us had a strange color.  Very very red, as if cooked with tomato paste. Spicy as we asked but with no flavor.  Just heat.  We like the heat but the food has to be tasty.  (I thought of the delicious biryani that we could have had had we driven to our old stand-by that was further away from our house.)  What a difference a couple of miles makes.  Then the Chicken Vindaloo that was ordered spicy, was delivered spicy but with no flavor.  Indian spices were not strong enough; just chicken in a red sauce.  Even the tartness that vindaloo sauce requires was missing. Vindaloo is one of those sauces that contains a little bit of vinegar (just check any indian cookbook).  The tandoori roti was good as was the complementary yogurt sauce.    The people are nice enough but the food is probably one of the least favorite I have had in the valley (I was going to write worst, instead of least favorite but that would not be very nice).   Suffice it to say that my Saturday night dinner was less than tasty and certainly less than memorable.   Moral of the story:  Drive a few extra miles and go to a place where you know you will get excellent food at a fair price. It will be worth the drive. (Did you read this dear eating partner???)
After seeing countless movies that depicted Indian food as extremely spicy. I was very hesitant and scared to try Indian food for my first time. My sister insisted that I come along with her to this Indian restaurant- Delhi Palace, for their lunch buffet. I picked her up from work and off we went.   I went through the line of the buffet carefully picking my meal. I managed to grab myself some Lamb Curry, Basmati Rice and salad. I came back to my table and the waiter served us our drinks as well as some delicious naan. Delhi Palace toasts the naan as well as adds a garlic kick. The naan arrives to your table steamy hot! I finally dug in too my food and was so pleasantly surprised. After feeling like I could take on any type of Indian food, I went back to the buffet for seconds and tried more dishes. ALL of the dishes exceeded my expectations.   I definitely recommend going to the lunch buffet it is well worth the money! More bang for your buck!   The restaurant is also very conveniently located next to the ASU-Tempe campus. So if you're a student and you're looking for some delicious Indian food during a class break, you should check out this hidden gem!
Mediocre at best --   There are much better Indian restaurants in the city
Do not let the location and outside deceive you. I was instantly impressed as soon as I stepped in by the decoration and the servers. The buffet line wasn't huge but it was good enough for us. Food was good and service was first rate.
I initially passed the place up since it is nestled in a typical strip mall off next to a Kinko's just off Rural Road on E University.  I was meeting a friend for a quick, inexpensive and hopefully tasty pre-movie dinner at the Valley Art Theater on Mill.  The decor was what I would call, the "basic, no frills cafeteria like set up" that can be found in many Indian and Thai restaurants I have frequented.  Practical and comfortable.  The staff was friendly and welcoming and the menu had typical Indian fare. We shared the appetizers, the garlic Naan and vegetable samosas, both were an enjoyable beginning.  I love eggplant, so my go to order is the Baingan Bharta with rice and that is what I had.  It was delicious, I ordered it mild and it had just the right amount of kick.  I restrained myself from not devouring the whole meal and saved enough to take home for a full meal.  As expected, the meal was a great value of $20 with tip.  Not bad for two healthy meals.  When I am craving Indian and over near Mill, I will return to the Delhi Palace again. Namaste.
Review based solely on the Lunch Buffet.  This buffet definitely has some features not common in other buffets.  -Extensive dessert offerings -Chai Tea -Plenty of nan  What I like the most: -Variety in the vegetarian curries and a good kick -Lamb, Goat, and Tandoori Chicken in the non-veg section  Doesn't disappoint. I recommend the room with the buffet is and not going with more than 4 people. The larger room was dark and too loud.
Love this place!  I've been here 3 or 4 times and always order something different.  Everything has been so good.  They always give good/fast service.  Very authentic Indian food... similar to food I ate while traveling in India, just less spice.  Definitely recommend this place.
Got introduced to Indian food here back in 1998. Have sicne become quite an afficianado on it.  The ownership has clearly changed hands here. Its run by mostly kids now and its not very authentic tasting Indian at all. The buffet is now one of the worst Indian Buffets in town.  If you want a quality indian food experience, try Kebab Palace, The Dhaba or India Gate.
I am reviewing this based on the  Chicken Tikka Masala.  I haven't ordered anything else on the menu and I really don't think I need to.  This dish is fantastic!  I have been to this place multiple times and if this is an accurate description of Indian food than I am a fan!
I had a bad experience with the service of the place.
I been to delhi palace. The service guys and manager have no sense of manners. When we are in middle of our lunch or dinner, he brings bill and waits there to pay. When serving water, they have no manners. They spill all over the table and don't even tell sorry or clean. This is the worst hotel i have seen here which has this bad service.  Food is not that great. It is ok.
Well, you expect some kind of hospitality when you are in a restaurant, making you feel at ease. Delhi Palace does not have it in them. In general, the servers sound rude and they don't look happy to serve you. As far as the food is concerned, it is not what you expect from an Indian restaurant. The curries were a bit bland and were very thin for an Indian curry, Naan was pretty good. All in all, that was the first time I went to Delhi Palace and it turned out to be the last one.
The overall food was good taste wise but my stomach was full as just after I had one naan. Then I found out the reason being they added too much of (baking) soda in the food. In addition, the hotel staff was also not polite while talking. Even if we ordered starters first everything is served at the same time. So what's the meaning of appetizer? That was my first time and the last time I had been to this place.
Okay before I start talking about food let me tell you that being an Indian student I have had the best and worst of Indian food and I was prepared for anything when I entered the restaurant. I was also a bit cautious regarding the service since my friends had a harrowing time with the management (A tale for another day). Once seated, the waiter-cum-floor manager impatiently prodded us for the order (5 times in a gap of 5 minutes). Irritated already, we hurried and went for Onion Pakoras for starters, few Rotis, Paneer Masala and Aloo Gobi for the main course.  The Decor was boring and dull with rolls of curtain carelessly hanging from the walls. Since Aesthetics hardly matter to me, I ignored it.  The food did not arrive for 25 minutes and neither did the pesky waiter. Looking around, we found all the waiters having a great time sharing anecdotes and sipping on a drink.  Finally after 30 minutes, the main course arrives without the starters being served. I could not imagine what excuse the management could give when we were the ONLY customers in the restaurant!   The food was good, curry was done with medium spice just like we ordered. The naans were just about right although the mango lassi wasn't the best. Overall we were pleased with the food. Just when I was thinking that the place wasn't too bad, the waiter interrupts us, hands over the cheque and asks us to pay immediately since the cash register was "closing". I was *stunned* ! We had just started with our meal !!! Although I was furious, I politely replied that the payment will be done soon after we are done.  10 minutes after, the floor-manager takes time off from chatting with the staff and with all the "courtesy" asks us to pay up soon. That was it! We quickly gobbled the food, paid and left the place in disgust!   The food was worth 3 stars but I will never ever visit Delhi Palace again, not now, not ever! For a good Indian meal I would suggest visiting 'Chutneys' , 'Kabab Palace', or even drop by my house, you will not be disappointed!
The buffet was wonderful! Tons of selection to choose from and everything was very tasty. The price is very reasonable and the waiters and waitresses were very friendly.  The tikki masala was my favorite and the dessert variety was great! I will definitely be back next time I'm in Phoenix!
We love this restaurant, been eating here over 2 decades. The staff is excellent, very helpful and friendly. The food is also very yummy. My wife loves their chai.
Oh weeee, my friend and I ordered and shared the chicken spicy masala and a mild lamb vindaloo. Our good came in a timely manner and the restaurant was barely packed. That didn't mean the food wasn't good! It was delicious. We were served a really good appetiZer that I can't recall the name but it was made of mint and/or cilantro. It was free and it was oh soooo yummy. After a couple of minutes we received our order with garlic naan and basmati rice. I preferred the masala over the vindaloo but that's probably because it may have been more fatty and buttery.   I would come again. Thank you! For a good experience of Indian food in tempe. Yumm
A group of us ate here about 3/4 weeks ago and while I cannot fault the food, which was delicious, I would NEVER set foot in this restaurant again because of the sheer rudeness we experienced from one of the waiters. Normally I would complain but we were that shocked that we all left bewildered. I spoke with anither colleague a week later and he said he and his wife experienced the same behaviour. There is no way that the management can be unaware of who I am refering to as they stood out like a sore thumb behaviour wise as I found all the other staff extremely pleasant. Sort it out as there is no shortage of excellent Indian restaurants in the area.
Perfect take out. Food tastes great. the mango chutney and all chicken dishes are to die for. Friendly people, great portions. Little oily sometimes tho.
Well, I used to LOVE this place. I love indian food- it's my absolute favorite. The food is really good here and reasonably priced and is in a good area of Tempe for students . The vegetarian dinner is delicious and the garlic naan is AMAZING. I wouldn't usually come for the lunch buffet because it's a little less spicy than I like it.  A few months ago they hired this new waiter who is completely incompetent. He's super awkward and had us waiting for ~35 minutes to take our order and another ~20 for the food. The crazy thing is that the place was totally empty when we got there! There was one other couple. The food was good (as usual) but we were so turned off by how long everything took that I gave the guy full tip but wrote "bad service" on the receipt, thinking maybe he just needed to know that we noticed he was just standing around and taking instead of taking our orders and serving us. I always tip well because I think people under value their servers, but jeez this guy was terrible!!  So then we go again a few weeks later and apparently he remembered us because he started talking to all the other people who work there about how we were rude when it came to the check (maybe he forgot that I tipped him 20%?) and we had awful service again and he made someone else who worked there serve us. It was so incredibly awkward that I felt like hiding under the table and we haven't gone back since. It's really sad because this was one of my favorite restaurants.
I have been going here for YEARS. Their lunchtime buffet is awesome and VERY well priced. The a la carte / dinner menu is great too. Nice atmosphere, friendly efficient staff. Highly recommend.
I've been enjoying the food at this hidden Jem for the better part of 20 years, and it has quite deservedly earned a few best of phoenix awards over the years. Their mango shakes had me hooked.
I have been here twice so far, both ventures for the afternoon buffet. The second trip came recently to confirm the quality as I remember being blown away the first time, and had another great experience. I am excited to start eating here more often as it is on the way to school.   Until like 2:30 pm, they have an all you can eat buffet for around $9, and a guy like me is fully capable of devouring 3-4 entrees in order to get full. So this is the basis for my review as I may or may not make it in for dinner any time soon due to my schedule.   I started the game picking out a little sample of everything offered, and then was planning to take it from there eliminating what I didn't like as I went up for seconds. I absolutely loved it all, but only went back up for a few items due to being (surprisingly) full. Although I enjoyed the grilled veggies, I would have to put them on the side next time as they didn't mix well with the chicken curry and masala items. That was my bad though, as I had chosen... poorly with my plate composition.  I will gradually update this review as I learn more info about the dishes, I plan to start going here a lot for lunch and will be more vigilant about what is what.
Though once a favorite date spot - I am sad to report that this place has gone down hill. They used to know us by name and have the quickest water refills this side of the Mississippi but now, on a recent Valentines day experience, it took 20 minutes for anyone to come our table, and it was after I had to stand up and ask for them to come over. They threw our silverware at us, food came out cold and our cups went empty for most of the meal. Its the end of an era for us - We're won't be going back.
Do you like Indian food? Are you looking for something near ASU? Is it lunchtime? then come here for the buffet already--you're welcome.  I only have done lunch here, and I've done it often so I cannot speak to the actual menu. If I had any complaints I would say the buffet options are a bit limited, but really they have all my favorites and OH MY does it all taste good. The bread (naan) is also addicting.
We ordered the vegetable samosas, onion kulcha and tandori combination. The spinach paneer was amazing. Everything was cooked well and seasoned well.  Going back very soon!
Absolutely delicious! Had the Paneer Masala and the Malai Masala, with garlic naan and rice.  Heavenly! One of the best Indian restaurants in the Valley. We had the medium spice, which I'd rank at closet to a 7 on a 1-10 scale.
You will probably have a hard time finding this place. But it is well worth turning on the GPS.  This little restaurant is one of many interesting-looking finds in the strip mall, and the first time I met my friends there we all got hopelessly lost looking for it. It's a quaint little place, with low-lighting and friendly waiters. The food is great and pretty reasonably-priced.   The first time I went here, we tried their combination platters (we were all on seperate checks) and they were both 1) delicious and 2) well worth the price. It's definitely a nice option for someone who likes to try a bunch of things but maybe is with people who aren't used to 'family style'!  The second time, I was with my family so we got a bunch of dishes.We tried the palak paneer (pretty good), lamb biryani (excellent), saag chicken (excellent), chicken mushroom (good), roti (okay), garlic naan (excellent), and poori (excellent.)  They brought us some complimentary papadum and some fritters (didn't know what these were) for dinner, which is always good, and very nice of them!  Definitely try their curries, and lamb biryani (by far my favorite) which came with its own little side dish of raita to help take down the spice. We kept things at "medium" level, but you can customize from mild-hot depending on your temperment.  The palak paneer was my least favorite, but that could have been because I ordered it mild (to mix it up a bit) and it didn't pop in flavor as well as the others.  Also, my sister and I loved the poori, which was a deep-fried wheat bread. It tasted like fry bread and was excellent for soaking up sauces.   Service was very attentive and it never took long for a chai or water refill.  All in all, great service and food and I will be back!
If I were to rate *only* the food then I would have given a 5-star rating since I find the food really good. But its not only the food that makes you come back or appreciate a place.  The service of this place is very poor. I believe the servers should be given some training on how to interact with guests, how to behave with them, how to serve them. But no, the owner doesn't care about it. It happens with me all the time, the servers "hands-me" the plates, bowls, curries, breads everytime without fail, insteading of keeping it on the table even when I am in the middle of my meal.   And the most irritating thing, they always ask you to pay while you are eating. ALWAYS! Why can't they wait for me to finish and then let me ask for the cheque or if it can't be avoided, why can't they be courteous while asking for it. Last time when I went there, the same thing happened and instead of complying, I complained, asked the server that I wanted to speak to the manager. This really spoils *the* experience for me.  I keep going back to this place since it is walking distance from my place, but after the last time, never going back!
If anything, come here for a decent buffet at a decent price. Coming here for dinner is like playing joining a pick-up dodgeball game. You're not going to have a good time.   Once, I accidentally smeared a bit of poop under my nose. How that happened is irrelevant. But I hadn't realized this, and spent the whole day with a scrunched up face feeling pissy. Anyway, that's how all the waiters here look. They just don't seem to care about customer service at all. Missing one of your orders of rice? Oh, no, see, you just didn't realize that the one cup of rice you have is actually TWO orders, just on one plate. Want more water? How about being flat out ignored? I suppose maybe they're just deaf.
This place is the best. My wife and I always get the same. Taandori chicken garlic knaan basmati rice and mango juice and a mango lasi. Its cheap too plus udent discount
The tandoori chicken was overcooked and dry. The chicken tikka masala was a bit too salty. They serve garlic naan and give you free chai tea so that was nice.
Sometimes I just really crave Indian food. Is there anything better than a curry dish? My god.   Delhi Palace is nothing to look at from the outside, and even inside it was pretty empty. Aside from one Indian family and this incredibly attractive, worldly-looking older man with shoulder length silver hair, I was the only one in there.   As I waited on my order, everyone was so attentive and nice, but I was too distracted by this rugged stranger. I thought to myself, I should see if he wants to date my mom. Is that weird?   Oh, excuse me, sir, are you single? Here's a picture of my mom ... hot, right? Maybe next time you eat Indian food you don't have to do it alone?   Instead, I stared awkwardly and left once my food arrived. Idiot. Although, totally worth it as the food was delicious.  Mr. Ruggedly Hot Older Dude, I was the lone blonde obviously trying not to look, but looking anyway. Do you want to be my new daddy?
When rating Indian Cuisine, I tend to rate it based on a bowel-evacuation scale I developed years ago. For example, a normal movement would warrant little or no Indian-food respect, subsequently, no stars. On the other hand..  There's the Cleveland Trembler; a violent ass-quake followed by a shit-tsunami only a large (and very sick) farm animal is capable of. The Trembler gets a full five stars.  Well, where is Dehli in the whole scheme of things? So glad you asked. Dehli has never made the Trembler, but it IS darned close.  The baingan bharta prepared to spice level eleven will send yer IBS straight into overdrive. In fact, all their dishes prepared to eleven will pretty much fuck you up for a good day or so.  If I'm in the mood for Indian, I typically visit Delhi on Saturday night, this so I have an excuse to get out of Sunday Costco and all that other husband/father shit expected of me on my only day off.  Why? Because even a day off with the shits is better than a day off fixing stuff around the house, shopping, or the all-too-familiar query:      "Is that all you're going to do today? Lay around on that damned couch?"         I
We stop by here on a regular basis, even though it is on the other side of town, not because they have the best indian cuisine in the valley, but because their service is considerable better than most other indian food places that we visited.  The lunch buffets, no matter which day we have gone, has always proven to have such a large variety. No surprises here. Just good indian cuisine.  The prompt and attentive service is what really differentiates them from every other place we have visited. The wait staff never ceases to fill and refill our plates with a generous amount of naan bread. And the drinks are refilled promptly. Some could say that their continual visitation could be perceived as annoying and bothersome. But, in comparison to other places, there is a very distinct difference.  The food is decent, not stupendous, but good. The service is even better. And the prices are decent as well. They have to, since most of their weekday clientele are ASU students. They would not survive long if they priced themselves out of their primary market.
Been looking for a good Indian restaurant for awhile now, and it looks like I am going to have to keep on looking.  The staff was very unfriendly, not even saying welcome, or how are you today?     The food itself was okay, nothing worth going back for, but not something that I wanted to walk out over either.  The only real redeeming item was the Rice Pudding that my husband had for desert.   Overall not a place that I would tell people to go to.
I've been here three or four times..and its not a bad spot. The food was a little bit pricey (like $9) for the a la carte dish, but i'd say its worth it. Got da curry chicken marsala, and it was a good choice.  Good sized portions of nan and rice with the meal. Makes you plump and weak in da knees afterward. The environment is a little too quiet, has a library feel to it, and you feel like the staff is listening to your every word and judging you upon it. There was an old man slightly smirking in the corner, with soft indian music playing in the background. Homely looking fellow. So intimate, easy for a larry david situation to arise. They need to pump that stereo up a couple notches.
This is my favorite Indian restaurant in the valley.   There are always different and interesting choices on the buffet.  Try the sauces,  there's a coconut one, and the cucumber/yogurt one is the tastiest I've ever had.  I've been here 10-15 times and always really enjoyed the food here.     Atmosphere, yeah right, there is none just good food.   They open at 11:30 and I really wish they would open at least 30 min earlier.  I've sat in the parking lot drooling on myself waiting for them to open on several occasions.
I love this restaurant.  I'd eat here every week if I could.  I couldn't begin to list the menu items I like or love because everything I've tried is great.  I'm vegetarian, and they have a large selection for me.  My husband isn't a huge Indian fan, but he likes a few of their chicken dishes.  The buffet is a great value, too!  We've taken a few kids there, too, and they all liked it.
To avoid bicycling under the hottest time of day, I went to Steve's Espresso...but didn't really feel like a pastry at lunch time. I pedaled around and decided I would just check out the very busy Indian food place two store fronts down. There were seriously like people pulling up and getting food the whole time I was around.   I can see why Colleen thought they were unfriendly-this is a very harried family business and not everyone is fluent, but I understood it was just a busy time of day and didn't really feel unwelcome. I noticed they had buffet (8.99), and checked it out-it looked good, but most of the vegetarian dishes had cream or cheese in it, so I opted out and looked at the menu and just got the samosa and eggplant pakora (but then decided that was a lot of fried food for one and opted out of the eggplant) to go so I could eat on Steve's patio.   I came back, and they had not communicated the eggplant had been cancelled. They were sweet and charged me for the samosa only and STILL gave me the eggplant! I thought they were just throwing one in for me to try, from one of the men talking to me. I also asked if they had put tamarind sauce in the bag-and he said they were OUT of it (:( ), but he hooked me up with a tasty carrot ginger and a cold spiced lentil kind of sauce to dip my goodies in.  When I unwrapped the oily bags, they had given me ALL of the eggplant-like six or eight pieces! How nice is that? It was tasty, but a little bland (really could've used that tamarind sauce after all). The samosa was good-bready, with great potatos, not bland, not terribly spicey, I could only eat one it was so much.  It's not terribly exciting inside-no frills and I just remember it being very BEIGE-not much ambiance for sexy time-def. take out or quick lunch buffet place.  One very huge bonus: While eating my treats outside, I was treated to Indian techno music, classic Bollywood music, and what sounded like an indian COMEDY album (there was talking then audience laughter...) blasting from cars picking up their curry. Fucking awesome.
This is probably our favorite Indian Food restaurant.  The buffet is the way to go.  The naan (especially when fresh out of the kitchen) is super tasty.  My favorite is the chicken mahkani.  The rest of the dishes, especially the vegetarian selections are very good too.  The staff is always friendly and I like that the restaurant is family owned and operated.  My only complaint is the bathrooms - they need a little TLC (and sanitizing).
I love Indian cuisine, and Pasand in on my list of Indian faves.  Check out their chicken tandoori, different varieties of dosai, and vermicelli/rice pudding.  I've only dined here about two or three times, and I always tell myself I have to go back soon...
Recently enjoyed a thali dinner, which consists of papadum; choice of chutney (mango or hot carrot); sambar (tomato-based soup); raita (yogurt-based soup with cucumbers and spices; daal (curry-based soup consisting of lentils and spices); tamarind soup*; choice of entree; two pooris (deep-fried bread puffs- I asked to substitute paratha- pan-fried wheat bread); basmati rice; and dessert (one pc. gulab jamun).  My choice picks were hot carrot chutney (VERY salty and greasy, and I can't recommend it to ANYONE), and palak mutter paneer (spinach, peas, and cheese cubes in a coconut curry sauce).  *(Tamarind is a sweet and sour ingredient used in flavoring Asian entrees and can also be made into a popular candy with many versions- three versions I know of are salty/sour, salty/sweet/sour, and sweet/spicy!).  I don't think I'll be ordering thali dinners here anymore, since the raita and sambar are made with ingredients I'm allergic to.  I would recommend the palak mutter paneer entree, except the serving is pretty small, even for me.  (I like serving sizes that allow me to splurge and still have enough left over for a meal-- I'd say three Goldilocks-portioned servings- you know, not-too-big, not-too-small, just right.)  Another strike against ordering a thali dinner here... dessert consists of ONE piece of gulab jamun!  What a tease!  Perhaps one piece would satisfy the majority of diners out there, but for a super-sweet tooth such as me, either give me AT LEAST two pieces of gj or don't give me any at all!
In Short: A shell of its former glory, but still edible.  I remember the glory days when this place was awesome, definitely the best indian food in the valley.  I hear there was an ownership change and all went down hill from there.  The steady decline resulted in lesser quality ingredients, smaller portions, shoddy service, and down right rundown nature of the place.  I wish they reinvested some cash in to this place and put a little pizazz back into the food and decor.    The best and worst thing I can say about the food is that it's edible.  Most items are over spiced, all I can taste is the curry and nothing else.  Lunch buffet is still probably your best bet, it still have most of the staples but at the height of this place, the buffet was a sight to behold.  Samosas are pretty top notch, then again it's hard to mess up a samosa.  It's still decent indian food, but nothing great, there are much better options out there.
My g/f and I ate here last year and it was, plain and simply,  AWFUL. We got there about an hour before closing and they basically ignored us. The veggies on our plates resembled the kind of stuff you find in those cheap frozen Bird'sEye packages with the square-cut carrots. The sauces were extremely bland. The service? Non-existent. Don't ever go, as I believe closing time or not, the food and place is a terrible waste of money and time. Go to Royal Taj or The Dhaba instead, to experience something closer to the term "satisfaction".
Let's see.  Dave A. gives it 1-Star & says, "One of the most disappointing dining experiences...  Ok, it's awful.  But wait!  Matthew K. gives it 5-Stars & says, "My favorite Indian restaurant in the Valley.  Ok, I've got it.  It's either horrible or terrific.  Where are my keys?  This is a good-sized place, with a simple, clean-looking decor & soft lighting.  I was greeted by the friendly host, & found a completely comfortable booth to relax in for lunch & catching up on a little reading.  Over in the serving area I found 3 kinds of soup.  I'm a soup lover, so Pasand was off to a good start.  I had some of two of them, which were both excellent.  Then, though, there was salad dressing but no lettuce.  What's up with that?  There was some fruit, though.  The hot dishes & little snacky things were all good, while the Chicken Makhani & Chicken Tandoori were both exceptional.  In fact, if you're all about Chicken Tandoori, add a Star!  It was warm, moist, tender, & really tasty!  The food here is on the spicy side, & my server, a fellow even older than I am (Can you imagine?) was friendly & attentive.  Compared to other Indian buffets in the area, I liked it about the same as Royal Taj, & Indian Delhi Palace, & a little less than Delhi Palace Cuisine of India, with their rich, authentic atmosphere.  Pasand opens at 11 AM (never mind what it says on the door), is closed on Mondays, & the lunch buffet is only $7.99.  "A-OK!"
We survived inspite of the stale food! Several items on the buffet were just plain stale. Not sure how these guys are in business.
Pasand is a great option for lunch if you're hungry and want some Indian food.  The buffet is great, and they always have a good selection of flavorful dishes.  The nan is hot and plentiful, they always have a good combination of sides and entrees, and the spice is just right.  Best of all, it never leaves me feeling sick or having digestive problems.  My only complaint is that they never seem to have a wide enough selection of chutneys.  Instead, I find myself dipping my nan and other things in the extra sauce from the entrees, which isn't bad, but some mint chutney would be nice.
Ambiance aside, this is one of my favorite Indian restaurants in the valley.
This place is A-OK.  Why?  Primarily cuz of the price.  I went here for dinner today, and Pasand has FABULOUS specials.  There are four to choose from, and they are all $4.99.  No joke.  I ordered the chicken curry special (you can choose from all different kinds of chicken curry, so i went with saag), which comes with rice and also your choice of naan or bhatura.  It had a little kick to it, but it was still good.  Even without the specials, the prices are awesome.  My friend got the first-timer special, which comes with a little bit of everything, and it was only $12.    My friend and I also both ordered samosas, and though they weren't the best I've had, they were still pretty good and definitely filling.  Also, per usual when I go to an Indian restaurant, I ordered the mango lassi, and that was delicious.  Not as creamy as I once preferred it, but I think I might enjoy the not-so-creamy version now.    The only downer was that the waitstaff never came around to asking how we were doing or refilling our glasses or coming around with a check.  They seemed not so enthused that we were there, so there was a slight feeling of unwelcome-ness, but neither my friend nor I was all THAT concerned.  I thought it was also interesting that there were some boys (possibly owner's children?) playing with a ball and running around on the other side of the restaurant.  I mean, I'm aware that Indian culture is all about the family, so part of me was like, Whatever.  Then again, there was another part of me that was like, Oh that's distracting.    Regardless, I'll probably go back again when I'm low on cash and need an Indian food quick-fix.  PS: This place also serves some North Indian food.  Yum...
Wow, it's been almost a year since I visited Pasand...  better get back over there & see how they're doing.  The first remarkable thing here is that there are at least THREE buffet restaurants right in this center!  ...Peter Piper Pizza (pretty bad), China Town Buffet (a little banged up but good food!  4-Stars), & Pasand here.  Most landlords wouldn't allow more than one buffet-serving tenant at a time.  So let's see how well Pasand holds it's own here, & competes with it's Indian rivals in the area:  Ok, first, the bad...  there's no salad, & barely any dessert!  Fine, so it's 1-Star & we're out of here, right?  Well, just before that let's see if they have any soup.  "Aha!!", as they say in India(?).  There's Sambar, with pureed lentils, carrot slices, & more, & uh-oh, it's delicious!  Then there's the Rasam, which is tamarind soup, of all things.  It's unusual, it's spicy, & it's good.  Lastly, today anyway, there was Dahl Soup.  This has lentils, spinach, tomato pieces & more, & it was really good, so never mind the salad!  For solid food, you've got your Basmati Rice.  They make it really good here...  buttery with lots of little things in it.  Then today there was Potato Pakora, which is little fried potato pancakes.  Delicious!  Same for the little curly-q Cabbage Pakora goodies.  Their Tandoori Chicken is excellent too, & they keep it moist with a foil cover.  Their Chicken Makhani is very good too.  Lunch Buffet $8.33 including beverage.  They open at 11:30 AM, & they're closed Monday. but whatever other day you're hungry for some delicious Indian food, hop on your elephant (or in your Mahindra) & get over here!  NOTES:  *  Since the food is spicy here, you're kids might have trouble with it.  *  They don't have the full bar you "always" see at Indian restaurants, but if you ask, they can whip out some beer & wine!  *  I had this place at 3 Stars, but I find myself craving it & coming back here all the time, so I guess I'm a serious "fan"!
i dig pasand they are a pretty stand up joint just your average mom and pop indian restaurant i honestly cant complain about Pasand, the owners are friendly enough, the food is usually good- if not the freshest its still tasty. i'd advise going during their lunch hours in order to catch the buffett; earlier the better as the food is at its peak earlier in the day there arent that many indian restaurants in tempe, unfortuantely, and between this place and cafe udupi i'd probably go w/ pasand (not a veg so im biased tho)
Good Indian food. The buffet on the weekend is pretty good, but Guru palace has more of a variety and better quality. My favorite is the chicken masala and their naan. On my 2nd trip to the buffet there was no more naan and waited around 5-10 minutes and it was never refilled, so this was the main reason for the 3 stars.  Oh yeah their chili chicken is also very good and spicy.
Wow. Just, wow. I've never had Indian food make me say that. Granted, I've only had it one other time, and it was pretty good. But this? Wow.  It wasn't very busy when we arrived, so we were seated right away, and it really has the feel of a "Mom and Pop" restaurant. Very nice couple, and a comfortable laid back atmosphere. I'm glad I was with my sister because she knew more about the food than I do (but I'm learning!), and I decided on the curried shrimp, which came with rice and 4 different soups on the side. Sis gave me a bite of her Chicken Biryani, and that was pretty yummy too. SO MUCH FOOD! And it was all delish. I wanted to keep eating even though I was ready to burst. The price with the amount of food you get was surprising, I expected it to be much more than it was.  I can't wait to go back, and I would not complain at all making the drive from east Gilbert! Wow!
Went here for lunch with Rand H. and found a nice quiet and comfy restaurant . The buffet contained most of your average Indian buffet items .All of which were good, the tandoori chicken was really good. They have salad dressings on the buffet but no salad , they say its for the naan bread. For dessert they only had the monkey balls and some cubes of watermelon , mind you the monkey balls were good. So I decided to give them 3 stars but they are bordering on four. If you like Indian food this place is not bad and a good value at $9 for the lunch buffet.
I've been going to Pasand on and off for the last 10 years. Simply put, this is some of the best Indian Cuisine in the Valley, particularly for take-out (I put it in a tie between Pasand, Delhi Palace, and Dhaba). Some of the lower-starred reviews below are not at all reflective of this place. The staff are very welcoming a friendly. The food is excellently prepared. The Tandoori Chicken (any anything else from the Tandoor for that matter) is way better than the competition. I'm also a huge fan of their house-made paneer (cheese) curries. Oh, and Pasand also offers South Indian specialties that you won't find elsewhere -- like dosas.
I love this place even though I live in Gilbert; few Indian places at all in Gilbert. Will usually stop by when I go to Trader Joe's and get the chicken tikka kebab, thali style - that's enough for 2 meals for me. (thali just means it comes with pappadums, pooris, rice, raita, lentils, soup and 1 gulab jamun ball for dessert (two would be better...).  Also love the onion pakora, onion pieces deep fried in lentil batter. Service has always been friendly.
Solid.  Definitely a place to go for lunch.  Dinner is a little overpriced for what you're getting.
ahhh pasand. I was introduced to this place by a friend of mine who's form India. Her and her husband frequent this place. I'm a huge fan of the Indian buffets because I don't know very many of the dishes and like variety. Pasand prepares the food much spicier than some of the other Indian buffets around, which I really dig. Don't dull down the spice to suit my gringo taste buds, bring the heat!!  The atmosphere is very mom and pop, and we're always made to feel welcome. Make sure to get some of their Pakora and the Chili Chicken, totally awesome!!
I made the mistake of hitting the buffet at 1:30 pm. I think it would have been good around noon, but I was stuck at work. Anyway, I will take some responsibility for my tardy lunch. Over all the place was clean, the staff was great and the service was very quick. The food, I assume because it was past prime lunch time, was not the greatest. I don't know how to pronounce or spell what I ate, I just know that it was sitting around for a while.
Went for their buffet last week, and sadly didn't have any sort of memorable experience. The most impressive dishes were the potato cauliflower dish, and the drink. Naan was boring, spiciness of the meat dishes lacked flavor to make them complex. Perhaps it is just that I have been spoiled by the amazing Indian food I have had elsewhere, but this just did not stack up.   To be fair, I have never ordered off this restaurant's menu, so perhaps their cooked to order fare is more impressive, but the lunch buffet was just not doing it for me.   Price was reasonable, so at least there was no sticker shock to add insult to injury.
Loved the price, but the food really was just "A-OK".  Nothing too impressive and can't say I'll be back unless I happen to be in the area at lunchtime and am simply dying for some Indian.  Lunch buffet with drink, total $9.00 (incl tax).  Good chicken dishes on the buffet, but otherwise didn't really like the other things I tried.  Not bad, not great.
Some days are good, some days are bad.  I have experienced the good and the bad of Pasand.  I have experienced great service and horrible service from the same person.  When my family and I first tried Pasand, we had a very family warming type experience.  The food was exceptional as we each tried a variety of North and South Indian foods.  There was also a time where the server took the food out too late and the dosas turned out cold.  He did not offer to refire another one.  In another experience, my dad got sick the next day.  It is hard to dine some where when you don't know how it will turn out.
Not my favorite at all, it was just ok. I would like to try the buffet though. I just did not think the flavors were all there.
We entered through a darkened door into stillness.  Not a soul to be seen.  My brow broke a sweat and my knees started to shake.  I feared we had made a tragic error.  And that was the most exciting part of our visit.  We sampled a variety: Vegetable Pakora, Papadum, Pooris, Naan, Garlic Naan, Vegetable Korma, Dahl, Sambar, Rasam, Raita, Chicken Curry, Chicken Tikka Masala, a Tamarind/Tomato sauce, Mint/Cilantro/Jalepeo sauce, and Gulab Jamun.  Everything was spicy. I would consider most of it mild, but my poor spouse couldn't eat any of the mains. She was stuck eating Naan dipped in Raita.  I found all of the dishes to be Ok. Nothing bad, nothing exciting. The Chicken Curry was fall apart tender and the Galub Jamun was very tasty.  I would eat here again, but the are many other restaurants that will receive my patronage first.
Week end buffet was awful..nothing special about the food.. there were few items that were stale...A weekday regular food was ok...I wouldnt suggest pasand for indian food as phoenix has better indian restaraunts.
Gosh, I haven't been to Pasand in a couple of years and I am glad that it was just as good as I remembered. I love, love, love me some Indian buffet. We came for lunch today and it was about $8.   I had a couple plates of fried pakora, naan, chicken mahkani over white rice, tandoori chicken, and chili chicken. The food was delicious although not as spicy as I remembered. I wasn't complaining, though. We also ordered some dosa that was stuffed with potatoes. The service was good with prompt water refills and cleaning up extra plates. I thoroughly enjoyed my meal today!
My Mom and I decided to have a girls day today, starting with massages and ending with Indian food on a whim. My mom said that she hated Indian food, but then it came out that the last time she had had it was 20 years ago, so we decided to give it a shot. The place is dark and a little run down, but once you get past that it is a decent place. We split the chicken tikka masala thali with garlic naan and a mango lassi. The drink was really tasty and my mom loved it! The chicken was good, but it wasn't as good as I have had it other places and it wasn't that spicy. The sauces that came with it were all pretty good. For dessert it came with a little fried donut thing that was sorta chemically tasting...not my fave. Overall, the place was good, it just didn't measure up to other places I have tried BUT it did change my mom's opinion on Indian food, which is awesome!
Pasand is under new ownership and the changes already seem good. I went there today expecting the same old stuff. What I got was some truely excellent tasting food. The food was leaps and bounds above the previous food. The spices were much more distinct and flavorful and especially fresh. In talking with the owners they were going to rennovate the run downinside and add some more buffet places. Overall I approve of what has been down to the place especially the food.
Review for the weekend buffet only.  This place is friggin expensive for sure.  I would never do a proper meal here cuz the price scares me so much.  However..the weekend buffet is pretty good. Although the selections aren't as deep as Tamba or Gandhi, the quality of the food definitely makes up for it.  White meat chicken...can you believe it??
Remarkably good. Surprisingly good. Remarkably, surprisingly good.  We had dinner here on a random Thursday night and were amazed at how good the food was.   The service was friendly and fun, too.  Had the veggie samosas (delicious), lamb curry (mmmmm), palak paneer (tasty) and some rice (frangrant and yummy).  The only down side was the family sitting behind us, which I believe owned the place--the guy was the guy from the picture of the restaurant, and the younger guy seemed like he owned the place. Their grand-daughter was crawling all over the floor and making a huge mess, which I found distracting and mildly irritating.   But man, this was some good Indian food and it hit the spot.
Quite good - nice flavors, wide choices of dishes, pretty well-stocked bar!  A little empty and kind of stiff (the place, not the drinks) and I felt like I was at a business meeting. But other than the atmosphere - it was good.
Hey look at me, Im a big fancy resturant in a big fancy hotel and casino and I really don't give a shit about how my customers are handled or, apparently, the quality of food I seve.  Ive eaten here ONCE. The aforementioned points were the negatives. The decor was nice and I really wanted to like the place but it simply was a very unpleasant experience.  Las Vegas is an interesting town; You never really know at any given time how much money someone might be willing to spend. Most of the city has figured it out, you treat everyone like a king and you don't judge a book by it's cover. Apparently Gaylord didn't get the memo.  If you're stuck up and like a stuck up environment with pretencious food, enjoy!
Was here for quick lunch as we didn't feel like the buffet or the chinese fast food at the Rio. Overall, was better than I expected. Lunch specials come with a variety of curries, tandori, and naan bread. If you are into Indian food, you won't be disappointed. Only thing is they don't offer cheese Naan, or garlic Naan........
Okay, it could have been better.    Service:  Our waiter kept trying to up sell us food.  Okay, we said we only wanted 1 order of naan bread...why do you insist on selling us 3?!?    Food:  The food was tasty, but unfortunately I've had better.  We had shrimp, dal, and other tasty varietals.    Unfortunately, I probably wouldn't go here again.  I'm sure there is better out there.
A very expensive place for a americanized Indian food. First sign that this is not a "TRUE" indian experience came when they were playing some middle-eastern music. The Mango Marghareita was good -but was also very expensive. Food was definitely bland. My colleagues enjoyed most of what was brought out there. But the food was real mild. One thing about the service though - as someone else had mentioned here - the waiter just kept pushing us to order more- both in terms of food and drink. One of the ladies was almost ready to take a half-full glass of mango margherita away so she could bring another drink.  Very expensive Indian experience..
Great restaurant with wonderful service.  We decided to try this place out for a quick and casual dinner and loved it.  I had been to their Chicago location many times and was hoping this place would be just as good... and it was.  I had the chicken tikka masala with garlic naan and it was everything I wanted.  The portions were just the right size and the sauce was delicious.    The service was wonderful and surprisingly better than some higher end restaurants.  We were seated quickly and never really had to wait long for anything.    If I get a craving for something ethnic while in Vegas, I'll be checking this place out!
Excellent consistent food. The only item I would note is not well made is the Navrattan Korma. I find it lacking in flavor, and seems to be made with canned green beans, you know, the kind your grandmother serves. The service IS slow and non-responsive, but we have come to terms with the fact that it will be a 90 minute meal. The food is well-worth the snail pace. It is expensive, but well worth it.  Try to make the buffet for a much cheaper meal. Be sure and try the delicious Mango Lassi. They have perfected the balance of spices, which can be hard to find if you are a fan of Mango Lassi.  I highly recommend giving Gaylord's a chance, maybe you will come to love them as well!
i can't believe this place doesnt have an off the charts rating!!!!  omg... this place is delicious. i really messed up by this being the VERY 1st Indian Restaurant I had ever been to, because it is such a hard act to follow...  OMG. Don't remember the name, but the lamb stew thingy and the chicken tikka masalla is my favorrrrrittttteeee here..   This place makes the sauces just right... I've tried several indian restaurants and none of them can ever compare to this or even come close....  the sauces for the nan that they give are out of this world too!  i kno it is kinda of expensive, but when i feel like splurging... this is my spot.
Ok so this review is long overdue.  Gaylord's was undoubtedly a so so experience. my fiance and I ate dinner there after a few unlucky hands at the four card table at the Rio.  While it was only around 9ish pm there was one other couple in the restaurant (how weird) When I asked the hostess if we needed to make a reservation.. she kindly replied: no just come in (a light bulb in my thick head should have gone off). After we were seated we ordered the chicken pakoras for me as an appetizer (he's a vegetarian and i'm a pure carnivore) Needless to say yuck/blah/tasteless... Next we ordered the Paneer Tikka Masala and Yellow Dal with something called Bullet Naan.  The PTM was off the chart but the dal... I think I could have made better at home... the naan came out burnt and had to be sent back ( the server was pretty nice about it). All in all I think I should know what indian food should taste like but unfortunately I won't be returning to this mediocre restaurant and blowing my bucks on food thats "commercialized indian". Save yourself the time people and go Origin India or Tamba.
This place could be good. I wouldn't know though because we tried to go there last night and it was closed for a private party and today I tried to call to order lunch for pick up and they don't answer their phone. That's stupid!! The restaurants in the Rio are a horrible excuse for food, from what I've tried, and I was hoping this one at least would be good as we have to stay at the Rio for trade shows. Maybe some time I'll be able to try it. PICK UP YOUR PHONE!!!
This was a nice escape inside the Rio Hotel/Casino.  The atmosphere is elaborate and we were greeted with lit candles and incense burning.  It created a nice buffer from the casino.  Rather than go with pre-selected Lunch Special Combo's, we chose off the regular menu and ordered enough to share.  The Garlic Naan was the best I've ever had.  The Samosa's were flavorful and delicious - perfect way to start the meal.  We shared the Chicken Tikka Masala (didn't try this but my 3 companions loved it), Mattar Paneer (cubed farmer's cheese and peas in a delicious gravy), Beghan Barta (baked eggplant with onions and tomatoes with spices), and Aloo Gobi (cauliflower and potatoes baked with herbs and spices).  All the flavors were rich and wonderful.    My favorite was the cheese and peas, followed by the baked eggplant.  I love that Indian food has so many flavorful vegetarian options.  It was a fantastically satisfying lunch.
Very calm and relaxing restaurant inside the Rio. Came here with a couple other people and we were able to get a seat after a short wait even without reservations even though the place was pretty busy. The portions look deceptively small but are really filling. They also offer some pretty interesting drinks. I tried the cilantro mojito, which was really good. The combination platters are well worth the price. We split two combination plates between three people and there was plenty of food.
Gaylord is a nice quiet spot inside the generally noisy setting of the Rio Casino in Las Vegas. I had dinner there in late 2009, was very happy with the service and quality of food. I think this would have been a 5 star review, but where I would mark it down is in value for money. I ended up paying around $60 for dinner for one, when $30 would get you a very nice Indian meal in pretty much any other place in town. No doubt the Rio setting is a factor here.
i just recently went here for their all you can eat brunch. it is not as good as the regular menu, but i will tell you one thing. IT IS $14!!! ALL YOU CAN EAT!!!!  They still get a 5 star from me, because i know the regular menu is the best ive ever had.  and the brunch is still VERY CHEAP for indian food. many places over charge for indian food. i can go to a little hole in the wall anywhere in america & they will charge me $14 alone for one ala carte item!!!! so thats why i keep them at 5 stars!  if you are craving indian food, brunch will satisfy your craving.  if you really want to live it up, come here for the regular menu. and induldge!!!
As captives of the Rio and all its sad offerings, Gaylord was one of the few things we enjoyed during a stay at this casino. We were whisked out of the smoke-laden casino area into a tastefully decorated tranquil space.   Most other eateries were packed with 30 minute waits trying to handle the overflow of a conference held here. With about an hour left to find lunch and return to the conference, we poked our heads into Gaylord.  Talk about underappreciated, the place was nearly empty, with one waiter and one busboy. We scored, with $13 lunch combinations served as a thali with rice and naan. We shared the tandoori combination and vegetable curry combination.  Very full bellies, lots of leftovers, incuding that lovely naan that we snacked on the next day. Our favorite curry was the one with spinach, peas and paneer.  But we were lucky. As mentioned before, this casino was not prepared for the overflow of hungry conference-goers. We were seated immediately and our food came quickly, sizzling hot. But just 20 minutes later there was a queue out the door, and people waiting frantically to pay their bills and get back to work.  The place couldn't handle the load with its small staff, and they had to take a lot of heat from impatient people.  Finally, they just had to close and not allow anyone else in, which is a shame because this was the best lunch option available, *especially* for that price.  The Rio seems to attract the kind of clientele that wants burgers and shakes, or buffets. So it's no surprise that Gaylord is staffed with an expectation of low patronage. But seeing how *all* the smaller restaurants in the casino seemed wholly unprepared for the streams of hungry conference attendees, I suspect Gaylord, as well as other places, should have gotten better warning by the casino management of potential increased business from the conference.  For all the harried customers and staff at Gaylord, our waiter took very good care of us, in a timely manner, even getting our leftovers wrapped up quickly and efficiently.
Not sure if I'm rating this up because it was so good and such a pleasant place to dine or because the Rio is such a smoky dreary worn out hotel that this little oasis of calm unjangled my nerves and felt practically luxurious.  the lunch was good, the service pretty bad but we were all fed and eventually got our tabs straightened out.
friend and i walks by every morning for some starbucks and the sign always catches my attention everytime.  so one night friend and i decided to come in for a try. (out of all places, she wanted to try indian food... when there was a buffet joint on the other side of the hotel) verrry goood food. probably the best indian food i've had.. we thought the portions were small but in the end we couldnt finish the food and had to wrap it up. we tried the  naan butter chicken veggie samosas shrimp cracker type of thing (which was free) vegetarian curry ?? ( i kinda dont remember what it was) and rice dessert (compliments of the waiter)  excellent service.. even though the waiter creeped us out by writing his number on the receipt.
I went to this place a couple years back, and the food quality was excellent. The waiters serving were beyond friendly and took care of all our needs. Even though we spend over 500, it was all worth it. The place also gave us a  very comforting feeling, quiet and soothing. People siting around us were quiet and talked softly and it was nice to hear someone sitting next to you for a change. I just had a great time spending great time with my family here.
Food is generally 3 to 4 stars when they are on.  However,having eaten at all of the Gaylord's in San Fran over the years,why are the prices 20 to 50 percent higher than in the bay area?  It's like buying a soft drink at the airport,you feel ripped off because you know what the prices should be.  Here's an example:  Tandoori prawns in the SF location are 22 bucks,in the LV location ,it's $30.  That's about a 28% difference in price for the same entre!  One more shining example,a 1/2 Tandoori chicken is $20 bucks,while, a whole one is $19 bucks in SF. Over 50% difference in price.  And we're talking downtown SF here,not some place out on the avenues or in a ghetto.  I just can't justify the overcharging for an all right Indian dinner.
Great Service and delicious food. A little pricey, but what do you expect in Vegas. Everything we had was so flavorful. My favorite Indian food yet.
This place is great. Classy joint, definitely a lot classier than the rest of the Rio. Food was excellent, really simple but really good Indian food. Great service, very attentive. Somewhat pricey, but if you're in Vegas, fuck it d00d go for that hotness.
Olrite this place is in rio which is far from ceaser palace around 20 mins of walk on highway. Food was a waste.... I don't take much risk in Indian rest. and usually order dal-lentils...which I knew for sure should be fresh as it is easy to cook....their dal was mixture of leftovers from diff dals with water in it......yuck taste.... Then breads were horrible could not eat one nan..we got the 50% off coupons from tix which gives discounted buffet and coupons... Indian friends please do not try......price of almost all the dishes were doubled like 5$ for a nan. Not recommended
This place was amazing!  I'm a vegan and they were very accommodating both times I went to vegas to make sure we found the vegan items on the menu.    The second time we had a party there w/ a group of friends and pre-ordered a vegan feast and everybody loved it - and they weren't vegans.  The atmosphere was very nice and the service was great.  This is on my list of top places to eat when I visit vegas.
Ok, even though I have heard terrible stories about the food being not-so-great .. this restaurant is what got me into Indian food. I've been there twice, and each time has been DELICIOUS! The waitstaff was friendly.. I NEVER had a problem.  Giving it 4 stars though, because it's just so dang expensive!! $22 for a small bowl of chicken curry hurts a little. But here is a trick...just sign up for a rewards card at the rio, earn points, and just use them to pay for your food! =) Win!
This was the place that started our obsession with Indian food. We go when we are in Vegas and its always good but super expensive for Indian, not sure why so pricey it's at the Rio not Bellagio or the Wynn so that is our only complaint. Have eaten at the Gaylord's in San Fran and sausalito and they were good as well.
I don't think I'd typically come here but my bf was in a poker tournament at the Rio so we had to find a quick bite to eat during break. I do have to say I ended up enjoying it more than I thought. The naan bread is delicious, we had chicken masala with rice which was very flavorful. There was a vegetarian in our party so she had this spinach and cheese which was spicy and I tried it and liked it a lot. We also ordered the roasted chicken which was devoured quickly and not dry at all.
I have to say....I'm glad I finally had the chance to try this place...always wanted to try the one in Los Angeles.....but least I was able to try the Vegas location....  ....well with that outta the way....I was actually disappointed with the place...don't get me wrong...I still enjoyed the food....but for what you paid for, I thought the places in Little India were a bit better....plus better priced...  I think with most places I end up trying...I'm glad I was able to check this place out...not sure if I'd go here again since I know there's better Indian Restaurants out there...  ...oh the Naan was really tasty =P
Food is not all that... The chicken tikka masala is not flavorful ... They are in a casino & they want people to be dressed up for buffet lunch especially when they are right next to swimming pool.. Very expensive .. The garlic bread or Roti is like $4.00 each..
Food is average, just about the kind of Indian food one would expect. Since this in located inside the Rio, its prices are through the roof! There are better places in LV for Indian Food
I love this place and the foods are delicious! I got the vegetarian plate and my boyfriend got the prawns curry. The service is FAST at first but got slower afterward because it got busy.
Been here many times and the buffet is great BUT a la carte items are a coin toss. If you've partied all night, then this is the IDEAL brunch/lunch buffer for you on a Saturday or Sunday. Service is a toss up as well. If you like spicy foods, then don't go here.
Great Indian food.  Perfect amount of spice.  Quality of the food will make you forget about the price, until you get the check  :P  Minus 1 star for price only.  Great food and service.
If your looking for dinner at the Rio, especially during crowded WSOP dinner breaks, gaylords is the place to go. all the tandoori stuff is good, naan is good, tika masala is good. Overall its just quality food which is tough to find at the Rio.
Service was slow and apathetic it really did remind me of India.  The lamb vindaloo was not good at all. I was thinking the chicken tikka masala was pretty good until about an hour later when I vomiting uncontrollably. Food poisoning for me and my buddy.
Chicken VERY dry. Had a groupon so didn't pay full price. Not worth the cost they want had MUCH better at Taj Palace off Eastern and Richmar.
Ate here with a bunch of guys during a recent trip.  We managed to get a room/section all to ourselves which was good because we were a rowdy group and many of the other people in the restaurant seemed to be couples enjoying a quiet dinner.  We ordered and went with more of a family style meal, lamb samosas, raita,  lamb biryani (very good!) chicken tika masala was excellent and there was another dish of lambchops which was outstanding.  Plenty of food for five hungry guys!  We added in a handful of Kingfisher beers and a good time was had by all!
The food was just "OK".  Not what you'd expect at these prices.  The chicken was over done to the extreme.  Dry and tough.     I've had much better at half the price, and there was nothing stellar about the service or atmosphere that would justify the high prices either.  I think they rely on gullible people like me, who make the mistake of thinking that because the prices are high, it must be really special.  I've found again and again that there is very little correlation, unless it is inverse, to the price and the quality.  As to it being in a casino, yes, that does matter.  Because I've seen it quite often that a fancy restaurant will set up shop in a casino where they can charge high prices to people who they don't have to worry about coming back, and who are in the mind set of having a good time and not worrying about the money.   Just because they are high priced joint in a casino does not mean that they are bad, but it's a red flag.  And anyone who tells you to disregard the review of someone who has an opinion different from their own, and pronounces that such people are not proper foodies, deserves to have their own review disregarded.  I gave it 3 stars.  I think that could be called generous in light of the overdone chicken ( I'm not the only one to notice this).  3 stars means, according to Yelp, "A-OK".   Gaylord is nothing better than A-OK.   You'd be better off trying two other Indian places at random.  It would cost you the same, and you'd have 2 chances to have a decent meal.
We have recently moved from the UK, where it is not hard to find a reasonably priced Indian restaurant with great food. Gaylord had pretty good food, but the service wasn't great, and it was very expensive for what it was. Although we thought the food was pretty good with nice balances of fragrant spices, we can't justify going back because of the price...it'd have to be a heckuva lot better to warrant the cost. If you've got money burning holes in your pockets, knock yourself out! :)
If your at the Rio is probably the best food in there. It's not the best Indian food but is acceptable.
A gem of a location for great Indian food.  I ordered my favorite, Chicken Tikka Masala, rice, keema naan.  Everything was exceptional.  Food was hot, beautifully cooked and service was fast without seeming pushy.  The atmosphere lighting was subtle so potentially good for couples, which I did see a few of in the establishment.  I would go back there in a heartbeat if ever in Vegas again.
Smelled great at first, but buffet selection was below par and having the runs for 2 days afterwards just killed it.  Listening to poolside techno at an Indian buffet was also weird.  DO NOT eat there before you go to the airport or a club, unless you're prepared to lay down some serious toilet paper on the seats.  Worst decision ever.
Came here for a lunch and definitely ate off the lunch menu. This is an expensive and classy restaurant disguised behind a lackluster front in a semi-crappy strip mall. We wandered in here lost thinking we would find a cheap Indian joint, instead we were treated to fine dining. After being initially shocked at the prices, I ordered some Murg Bharti off the lunch menu which came with some naan, salad, and rice. The dish was good - creamy and flavorful. And the prices for the lunch items really weren't bad at around 13 dollars per. I got mad though because I ordered normal water and they brought us a 7 dollar bottle of whatever. Give it a try, just keep in mind this place is fancytime.  Edit: I came here again for lunch May 07 and they had corrected the little water issue by offering both. I even got some extra papadums for free. The other items on the menu were just as good so I'm upgrading to 5 stars because I believe this place is the best you can find in vegas.
The best Indian in Vegas, and perhaps the best I've had in the US. Came here for countless work lunches (they have great specials, Dosas, etc) as well as dinners with my wife.   Service was always exceedingly friendly - waitresses remembered us, talked us up, etc.   It's a bit pricey, but worth it. Just really great cooking in a cool trendy ambiance that feels light years away from the tackiness and sleaze of the Vegas strip.
3.5 stars that I am rounding up.  The food here is good... if you are expecting classic Indian food, you will be a bit surprised with this menu!  I found the dishes to be a bit more playful and modern compared to the classics I have eaten tons of times.  Kebab menu was a treat!  I thought the flavor of the food to be good, but both times I ordered a dish spicy it came out rather bland for my tastes.  The Samosas were great as were the chutneys.    In terms of service, we had a pretty lackluster experience... and they were out of a lot of the beer selections--definitely not cool.
It was time for a curry, after all i haven't had one since back in England. I saw this place had opened up and thought...well why not eh?! The decor is nice a little bit on the poncy side for an indian but well whatever floats their boat right?   So we ordered the usual beers (Cobra and Kingfisher) and had a mild heartattack at the cost of a small beer...ok i unerstand that this stuff is shipped from India and all that, but i can buy the same beer at Lees for cheaper...well the resturant charges us $6.00 (domestic was $4 and other imported beer like corona was $5) So we supped our beers very slowly!   As always you get a "freebie" plate of popadoms and chutneys, their chutney selection was mint and some sort of brown sauce...still not too sure what was in that one....but we were very disapointed not to find the usual onion salad and mango chutney in the selection!  The menu is quite limited, you won't find the standard tikka masala, rogan josh, or aloo gobi here my friends. The menu seems to be aimed more towards the veggy market, and seeing as the whole point of curry was a strong sauce to over power the taste of rotten meat (it's true check your history books...look for some time around the British Raj!) the meat side was very limited...a bit of chicken, prawn, fish and lamb.    All of the main dishes come served with rice, salad, naan and a veggy side dish.....which no matter what you choose turns up as yellow or black lentils!!! The curry is quite a small portion and comes set on your plate (there's no sharing here!) the rice was just plain white...what happened to the balsamic i hear you cry? The salad was mainly red pepper (3 slices) and cucumber (4 slices) on a warm lettuce leaf...yum appetising *blee*   On our table we ordered the Safed murg korma  (which tasted like Cambells chicken soup), the Murg makhani (which actually wasn't too bad as long as you ask for it hot!) and the Aloo nazakat (which looked and i'm positive it had the same texture of baby sick!)   The total cost of the meal was $120, that was made up of  the 5 beers and 4 curries; all in all i believe it was over priced with tiny portions!  Sadly it looks like i'll have a bit of a long wait (or a 10 hour plane ride) for my next curry!!
was in vegas for a week-long convention. my wife and i had lunch here on a whim as we were driving around, luckily we were pleasantly surprised. the staff was very friendly and attentive. The food seemed like a somewhat modern take on classic Indian cuisine. I had a Paneer dish that was quite good, and my wife's food (chicken masala?) was also very tasty. highly recommend this place if you are feeling up to a slightly expensive meal.
The 4-star rating is mainly because the food in this place is excellent, less homey Indian food, and more of a modern take, a posh date place perhaps, but I still think it's some of the best Indian you can find in Vegas.   It is a bit pricey and they seem to have raised the prices more the last time we went. My other complaint is that the last 2-3 times we've gone, the waiter has been a bit pushy with trying to get us to buy bottled water or a more expensive bottle of wine, this isn't the sort of vibe I go for. But definitely check it out once, and try the tasting menus, they are a good value for this place.
My native Las Vegas (Las Vegan?) friends said that Origin India was one of the best indian places in Vegas.  And as a whole they were correct.  The food was quite good.  I'm not up on my Indian food names, but I can tell you that we got a lamb dish, a chicken dish, a potato and spinach dish and lots of lentils and naan.  They were all quite tasty though the lamb dish was no where near being as spicy as we requested.    For the price, I thought the food was just so-so, but I'll give it an extra star for being the "Best in Las Vegas."  The wines were reasonably priced.  The waiter could NOT grasp the concept that we wanted to share everything, which made ordering overly complicated.    A DJ started playing right when we got there and though the music was pretty cool (techno Indian music and live bongo drums...seriously, it was pretty cool), it was pretty loud and we had to scream and repeat ourselves to uphold our conversation.  Overall a good place, but I can't wait to get some SF dive Indian food.
Nice atmosphere.  I like this place a lot although I can't seem to say I have an absolute favorite Indian restaurant in Vegas.  But for an overall experience, I would say this one is best.  Plus...Red Mango is next door!!
Terrible service. Everyone in our party was forced to order their own entre, even though some of them were not hungry. The entre come with nan. The waiter refused to substitute them with similar priced roti because "the chef was unwilling".
One of my Favs! Absolutely! They make this Spicy Shrimp Dish - it used to be available as an appetizer, but now it's offered as an entree. Yummy... I luv it!
After two visits, this is now our favorite Indian restaurant in Las Vegas.    04/07 Prior to our first visit I found a 2/1 coupon celebrating their first anniversary so we decided to give this restaurnt.  It is located in a small, nondescript strip mall.  The owners have obviously spent considerable dollars on the interior. Our waiter served us papadum accompanied by tamarind and cilantro sauces.  We decided to try the high end of the menu sharing orders of Jhinga Dum Sunerhri (queen prawns simmered in coconut milk, yogurt and a touch of cashew nut sauce) and Goshet Rajawri (boneless lamb cooked in spices, tomatoes, egg, yogurt and a cashew paste).  Entrees included basmati rice, a choice of naan or paratha (we tried both) and lentil side dishes.  This was probably the best Indian meal we have had in Las Vegas.   09/07 We returned to find the menu has been largely revised with many new items appearning and prices increased.  Complimentary papadum was served with tamarind and cilantro dipping sauces shortly after we were presented with menus.  The waiter convinced us to try the evening's special appetizer, a crepe made with corn, homemade cheese and potato which proved to be an excellent choice.  Our first entre was Murg chili milli kebab - tandori chicken marinated in Indian spices and accompanied by an East Asian sauce. The chicken was amazingly moist, tender and very flavor-ific.  Our second entre was Baingan dahiwala - roasted eggplant cooked with yogurt and onions in a cashew sauce.  This dish was not as smooth textured as similar dishes served elsewhere, but was very tasty.   Menu prices may initially seem high, but most entrees include a side salad, choice of naan or paratha, basmati rice and a lentil dipping sauce - we chose black. Everything was fantastic while service was very attentive without be intrusive.  12/07 update to include 3 additional visits  We were served housemade papadum with mint and tamarind sauces followed by a complimentary sweet potato salad that managed to be both spicy and cooling.  My wife ordered the lamb chop masala - small tender chops that had been cooked in masala sauce.  My entre was chicken makhani, aka butter chicken, - melt-in-your mouth pieces of chicken cooked in a creamy tomato sauce.  Both entrees included basmati rice, a black lentil dipping sauce, naan and an unadorned salad.  I signed up online for the restaurant's VIP club and used a 2/1 entre coupon that was emailed to me shortly before we departed for this trip.    We were the only customers a Saturday afternoon so I suspect luncheon hours may be curtailed in the future.  We each ordered chicken kebab roll - grilled tandoor chicken wrapped in a Romali roll.  Lunches include a choice of ice tea or soda, we chose the ice tea.  The flavor was truly amazing, but the amount of food was more than we needed.  The cost of the meal is net of a $10 coupon received after I provided online feedback on our experience in September.    We were served complimentary papadum with mint and tamarind sauces. Orders of chicken Chettinad - boneless thigh pieces cooked with pounded southern spices with a hint of coconut and lamb Rajwari - boneless lamb cooked with spices, tomatoes, yogurt and a touch of cashew.  Both dishes included a vegetable dish, naan, rice and salad.  We used a printable 2/1 coupon that had been emailed to members of the restaurant's VIP club)
You are never going to guess who was in Origin India on last Sunday, Jan. 6th!  Drew Barrymore, and I found out that she also left a wornderful review on the comment card. Drew if you read this thanks for visiting my favorite restuarant and please spread the positive word! :)   I have been to every Indian restaurant in Las Vegas as well as in many other cities and OriginIndia is by far the best. The dishes are innovated with a modern twist, healthy and the service is friendly yet professional and always knowledgeable. If you are visiting Las Vegas or are a local I highly recommend this hidden jewel of the dessert, be brave and adventurous, Indian food is extremely comforting and so very delicious. They also cater to parties of all sizes and can house as many as 600 for private luncheons and diners. Enjoy!!!  Pros: Ambience, parking, healthy and delightful cuisine, first-rate knowledgeable service, price per person  Cons: No complaints, this restaurant is a gem!
You want Authentic Indian Food in Vegas ? Go there. Take my word (I am an Indian), If I am saying it's good Indian Food, I mean it.
I'm going to trust my Indian friend Nakul who travels back and forth to the states and India often that this is good food. He took me here and I was astonished how much I enjoyed the flavorings, nothing too over powering and the taste was great. Service was prompt and for lunch it is a great inexpensive place to go. :)
We had a mixed experience here -- for the most part our food was really great -- our server, however, should probably have been working in roller skates at Sonic...in the South, we typically say about folks like this -- "awww, bless her heart.."  It's not a compliment...  That said, her intent was never bad -- she was just, well, bless her heart...  Best of the night, knock our socks off dish (and there was one) -- the Tandoori Lamb Chops.   I know, I wouldn't have ordered them either -- but they were really spectacular.  If you'll only eat rare lamb, get over it -- the "overcooking" is what made this such a standout -- I mean falling apart tender, melt in your mouth, finger licking good lamb (when was the last time you said that?)  The tandoori shrimp -- overcooked too and note to chef in the kitchen-- overcooking shrimp doesn't do anything for the critters...it just makes them mushy.  We also had tandoori chicken legs -- haven't seen chicken legs on a menu ever...they were good!  But not as finger lickin good as the lamb.     Breads in Indian restaurants are almost always great -- these didn't disappoint.  No one does Poori anymore though -- why?    I read on their website that they give discounts for UNLV students/faculty and if you're local -- but I forgot when the bill came...   They had a fairly decent wine list which surprised us -- but years ago, my friend taught me to drink Long Island Iced Teas with Indian food and it's a happy habit that I haven't broken, nor frankly feel a need to.  I don't drink LIITs any other time, except with Indian food either -- so if you've not tried this little combo -- feel free -- just have a designated driver, and drink plenty of water...  Theirs are lethal!  We ordered one dessert -- probably because the cocktails made us giddy and stupid -- sweet, milky balls (yes, that was the name...)  Um...we should have stopped while we were ahead, but it was good for a laugh!  (Yes, we often have 2 year old sense of humor...)  We'd definitely go back for the lamb, bread and cocktails though!
Most Indian restaurants I've been to have tended to look a little run down.  I don't know why this is, perhaps most of the emphasis is usually placed on the food.    Origin India breaks that mold by having a snazzy, modern dining area and delicious Indian entrees!   Oh and it's got a great location too, right across from the Hard Rock, not far from the strip.    Best Indian in Sin City.
We only ate here because of a $25 gift certificate.  The food was descent but way over price for Indian food.  Our entrees came out in a single bowl  with no side dishes.  I thought it was a joke, but now I know its not one of my favorite place to eat.
Took two steps off the plane and went straight here for dinner to meet friends. Being from a smaller area where Indian food is hard to find, I was impressed. The restaurant itself has a great decor and ambiance. The food was yummy too, large portions. A very enjoyable experience.
Reviews for Origin India are all over the map -- from gut-busting to orgasmic. I suppose consistency is important, but the restaurant is only 2 years old, and they've gone through a number of adjustments which may account for the fluctuations in quality. All I can speak to is what I ate, which was superb -- the best Indian I've had in Las Vegas, everything tasted fresh and not too heavy, like some Indian food. I suppose it helps that I was dining with one of the owners, who talked to me about the idea behind the restaurant: to mimic the Indian restaurants in England (2 of which they own) and use fresh, high-quality organic ingredients. She'd kinda hyped it up so much that I was dubious until the food came and spoke for itself.   We had some mussels seasoned with Indian spices and coconut milk. I don't usually like mussels, but these were delectable. Everything else surpassed expectations. Naan was piping hot, doughy, and fresh out of the oven. Chicken makhani, the crowd favorite, pleased my palate like a good Indian curry should. The garlic shrimp curry, fish kabob, and lamb curry were equally fantastic. Kinda expensive, but helps when you're not paying! Also very dark inside, but who needs to see when the food is so kick ass?
Great restaurant with a nice menu and awesome grub. The ambience is unique and the service was also flawless. I will definitely visit this place during my next visit to Vegas. This place is bang on for the price they are charging. Expect to pay $15pp for lunch and $20 pp for dinner without alcohol.   Suggestion: For bigger group, I heard there is a 10% off coupon available in the Las Vegas coupon book that you find everywhere.
This restaurant is impressive on many levels, not the least of which is the owner's willingness to improvise and update the menu.  Raja recognized my name on the reservation and came over to say hello.  He also sent over an order of BBQ chicken, the evening's special appetizer, which was beautiful to both the eye and tongue.    We were also served house made papadum with mint and tamarind sauces.  Our shared entrees this evening were lamb raawali (boneless lamb with Indian spices, tomatoes, yogurt and a touch of cashew) and chicken Labrador (chicken delicately cooked in tomato gravy with a hint of coconut).  The entrees were accompanied by a large bowl of black lentils, rice and Naan.  Service throughout, as usual, was outstanding
My favorite Indian Restaurant in the whole wide world! Every time I go to Vegas, I make sure to stop by there to grab a lunch, yes, lunch not dinner. Lunch is almost half the price of dinner and and they serve the same portion of food.   My favorite is chicken Mak Markani. I love spicy food so I always ask for INDIAN spicy not AMERICAN spicy when it comes to spice level.   The decor is just OK. too much brown which makes it gloomy but staff is really nice. Ask to be seated in Abel's section.
Saw it on Yelp and had to go try it out ^_^  I have no idea what I ordered (just had to be something without yoghurt... even though I really wanted the lamb).  My friend got chicken tandoori, which came accompanied by some naan YUM, who would've known that the stuff in Trader Joes is nothing compared to the bread here!   The food presentation was nice, the restaurant itself was not crowded (we went in the 'tween lunch-dinner hour).    The bathroom was clean, smelled good, and looked safe. yah yah (you're thinking weirdo....)
Had one of the chicken tandoori dishes and it was pretty good.  Just the right amount of spice and flavor.  The hardest part was trying to figure out which one of the tandoori dishes to get because they all looked and sounded good.  Yup, the naan was pretty good too.  The restaurant was very clean and the service was friendly and prompt but that may have been because we were the only ones eating in there.  The restroom was also pretty cool with a giant wooden door for the toilet.
From the moment you walk into this place - you can tell it's going to be something special.  The decor is exquisite with dark woods and draped hideaways in the corners.  The exotic smell of curry and saffron waft gently throughout.  I have been to Origin India before for lunch on many occasions - but this was the first time I had the pleasure of going for dinner.  I started my evening off with a bottle of Krait...the large size of course!    For those of you who don't know - Krait is actually a Belgian brewed beer...it packs quite a kick at 8%/vol.  For beer lovers - this is definitely a treat.  The beer itself is double fermented, (basically 2-stage fermentation once before bottling and then bottle conditioned for a second fermentation), giving the beer extra carbonation with a prickly mouthfeel, almost sweet taste, and a deliciously smooth finish.  A perfect compliment to the spicier dishes on the menu.  However, I digress - as this is a review on the restaurant and not the beer!!  It was fairly late in the evening...just before 11:00pm - so I didn't do any appetizers or soup/salad.  Instead, I opted to go straight for the Entree.  I ordered the Lamb Rajwari - a bit on the spicy side, which was perfect for me!  The meat was a bit overcooked - but still very good.  I absolutely loved it!!  Combo that with an order of plain Naan - and I was in heaven.  The portion sizes are just right...not too much to leave you stuffed - but certainly enough to get your money's worth.  The cost is a bit on the high side - but for the service, the ambiance, and the excellent taste of the food, I can't complain.  If you are looking for something a little different and off of the strip, give Origin a chance...you won't be disappointed!
Really good indian food and I can say that considering I'm indian and surprise, surprise, so are the parents! We came here off the strip cuz we were craving indian food and it had the best ratings. It is on the pricier side for Indian definitely but the decor and service are very, very good. They also have the cutest samosas and serve the food with style. They have relationships with indian restaurants in London and those of us who have been to London know indian food in london is to-die-for. Going off strip will cost you with the whole taxi thing but it's nice to getaway from the nonstop tourist traffic!
Very mediocre...nan was among the worst I've ever had...and I eat a lot of Indian food all around the country.  The veggie Kofta was uninspired and the sauce was straight out of a can...I have had this same sauce from a can in other restaurants.  Samosa's were not good...the other apps we had were equally boring...the chutney was generic...2 stars because the service was decent and the place looks nice.  Food is crap.
I love this place. I have been looking for a good Indian place for awhile and finally went today. This is my second time having Indian food and this was just as good as the first. We ordered the lamb meatballs as a starter and it was delicious! My friend who went with me LOVED the sauce that it came in. I had the chicken vindaloo SPICY and it was PERFECT! I didn't feel the heat right away but after awhile I found myself sweating just a little bit. My friend had the lamb dish which he liked as well. We also had a side dish of lemon rice which was good as well.   I would really recommend this place to anyone who likes Indian food.   The ambiance is really nice too. Very cozy!
Being an Indian, I can cook some good food myself. So, for me it is really difficult to find some good Indian restaurant, where they serve delicious Indian food. We went to Origin India for a brunch and liked the food very much. Potli Samosa & Tikki were prepared very close to their real taste. Indian Chai was awesome. Their service was very fast and the decor is good. However, it is a bit pricey.
Food and service were very good. Staff was willing to accommodate the guest in any possible way. Decor was lovely and very modern while preserving the ethnic flair. Nice hostess at the reception. Sommelier touched every table, however the wine list was not accurate since the printers had not delivered the new list on time (I personally found it a little pretentious to have a sommelier for a restaurant with 25 tables and 35 wine options). Prices were a little higher than average for this type and quality of cuisine. Manager was very nice. Please note that the restaurant just changed Chef and Management. I will definitely return.
This place was amazing.  My fiance and I checked this place out for dinner.  We sampled a little of everything.  Starting with the Aloo Mattar Tikki (Stuffed Potato Patties) appetizer...yum.  Then we shared the Tandoor Chicken Haryali Kebab which is marinated in a fresh mint, spinach and coriander sauce, also another wonderful dish.  Not to spicy either, so if your looking to try something a bit more on the mild side...I highly recommend giving this a try.  We also shared the Chicken Vindaloo, which is a favorite of mine, my only complaint was that it says on the menu that it's cooked with potatoes (and I love my potatoes), but there weren't any potatoes in the dish. And for desert we tried a little mini sampler desert, but our favorite was the Gulab Jamun (Spongy mild balls made from cottage cheese and dry milk soaked in sweet syrup, served hot).  The ambiance was terrrific, we had great service, and each dish was delicious.  I highly recommend this place, I will definitely be returning next time I'm in the Vegas area.
every time i go to las vegas (for work not pleasure) i go to this place, right by  the hardrock hotel. it's  great and they make these indian sandwiches that are finger licking good! friendly staff and clean atmosphere. i great find!
so we went here because we had a desi food craving. unfortunately this was not fulfilled at all. the place has good decor/atmosphere and the service is professional and friendly. however the food does not do justice to the name "origin india" - maybe they are better at meat dishes than vegetarian but their kofta was basically all potato and not tasty. the food was bland and i would not go back there to eat. however they do have a wide selection of beer which was intriguing because its not the typical stuff you find - mostly belgian.. so if you do end up here then ask about their beer selection - its the only tasty thing i had there!
Eek! Methinks not. The restuarant was nice but that's it. The proportions are small for the price.All the dishes tasted the same- over flavored. I ordered my lamb to be a 9 spicy (with 10 being the most spicy) , there was not spicy at all in the dish. The $10 Coronas were too pricey. For two people we spent $70 and were not full or satisfied. Overpriced.
Underwhelming. While I was thrilled to see new, unknown (to me) items on the menu, nothing was particularly stand out. I was most looking forward to the vegetable nilgiri, as I'd never had an Indian green curry, but it turned out to be on the bland side, even though I'd asked for medium hot. In fact, there was very little spiciness to any of our dishes. I also had the yellow dahl, which was fine but also not terribly spicy. My accomplice for the weekend said the same about her chicken makhani (Origin's version of chicken tikka masala), but we both loved her mango beverage, which turned out to the highlight of an otherwise uneventful meal.   I would use this place as an Indian back-up if the curry craving ever hit, or to introduce a curry neophyte to the cuisine, as it's a rather calm and beautiful decor.
Pretty expensive compared to Ghandi's just down the street.  Food was fine, but not wonderful.  A bit nicer ambience than most Indian places
Each time we visit Las Vegas we make a night out at Origin India. You would not expect to find a lovely restaurant like this when looking at the strip center, but neatly tucked within is a fantastic upscale Indian find!   The owners are very hands on seem to genuinely care that you are pleased. There is a new chef and he is very creative and we just love the new items.   The atmosphere is delightful and if you are looking for red elephants and velvet, you are in the wrong place. Origin India's decor is subtle and upscale, and very comfortable inviting. If you like Indian food, look out of the box and try some of the new very inventive menu items.   I can still smell the spices and can't wait until my next visit to Las Vegas.
We were warmly greeted by Raja, the owner/manager, and his excellent wait staff.  Raja told us the chef would like to treat us to a sample of their soon to be released new menu.  We started off with papadum accompanied by tamarind and mint sauces which are always excellent.    This was followed by panipuri, a popular street snack comprised of a round hollow "puri" fried crisp and filled with bits of meat, potato and greens balanced on a thin shot glass filled with tamarind, spices and sparkling water. This appetizer is designed to increase one's appetite as if mine needed stimulation.       Our next surprise was a tandoori sampler of lamb, chicken and shrimp with fresh sprouts.  It was an amazing appetizer in terms of beauty, tenderness and flavor.   We were asked how spicy would we like our entrees, I prefer spicy and Ann likes medium so we compromised and requested medium. - go figure.   We again were the recipient of Raja's generosity when his bartender presented us with glasses of ginger ale made from fresh ginger and lime mixed with sparkling water. These proved to be an amazing complement to our entrees of chicken makahani (butter chicken) and lamb Rajwari.  Our entrees included black lentils, naan, basmati rice and a small salad.  Service and the food continue to be amazing.    On exiting we went to the bar to complement the bartender and he gave us a small sample of his black cherry martini - wow!  Should I ever end up on death row, this will probably be the last meal I request.  ($24.95, other, 5 Forks)
This is a Pakistani/ Indian restaurant. One look at the menu and you encounter a few familiar names but then some odd spellings from your traditional Indian restaurant.    Kali Mirch Ka Jhinga (Pepper Shrimp) is a dish I have never encountered before.  It was good but I an still trying to figure out if the stir-fried dish served over green papaya noodles is indicative to Pakistan or some chef's fusion creation. I had never seen Sweet Potato salad a blend of masala and plum chutney flavors. There are tasting menus for 2 or more people.     The decor and design of this restaurant  is very upscale. The prices for entrees are a bit more than I am used to paying. Quite a few over $20 dishes. The location and outside door is much better than the only other Indian restaurant I have been to in Vegas.  I'll eat here again but I had to budget for it.
I love indian food, and have been eating it for 20 years.   My favorite dish is Chicken Vindaloo, EXTRA SPICY.  Most places don't make it nearly hot enough, but Origin India cooked it perfectly.  I would have to say that this is the best indian food that I have ever eaten.  Amazing and reasonably priced too.  Highly recommend it!
I love how this restaurant feels like a different world once you walked into it!  The decor and service are A+, I was truely pleasantly surprised.  To be honest, I'm really still an Indian cusine virgin.  My friends knew what to order so I just went with the flow.  Everything we ordered were tasty, but a little bit on the mellow side probably because I expected Indian food to be some what spicy (as in certain degree of tongue burning).  I can't even begin to name the dishes, but we had a lamb chop curry dish, and chicken curry dish, and they're both really good.  The chops were tender, and the spices were just right.  We also had some lentile soup, that was good too.  Then we had this thing that's almost like a spinach dip, except its mixed with butter/oil and chunks of Indian cheese that tasted like tofu!  That's spinach dish was probably my favorite, and its actually something that's not on the menu, and my Indian cusine expert friend asked for it.
Some little part of my life wants to be dedicated to eating the best indian meal there is. So i eat it a lot, cook it a lot, and love it a lot.  So far Vegas has been a big disappointment for indian food. Gaylord's wasn't great nor was Tamba. Origin India however was everything i hoped for.   For appetizers. I had the Bhajia and my girlfriend had the Aloo Mattar Tikki. For the first time in a long time i ordered better than her on appetizers. I'm not a huge bhajia fan but these were done perfectly. The Aloo Matter Tikki was also delicious and the presentation of both dishes were also great.  For mains. I was deciding between Paneer Shashlik or Paneer Shabnam $15 the manager recommended the Shabnam. The girlfriend ordered Chana Masala $13. Both dishes came with rice, naan and a small daal which i didn't realise and seems great value for money. Since i hadn't realised that i also ordered a daal palak as an accompaniment.  The Paneer Shabnam was absolutely delicious and the texture of the paneer also perfect. My girlfriend's Chana Masala was up until now the best and most well rounded Chana Masala i've ever tasted. Then on top of that the dark daal that came with my meal called Dal Bukhara was perfect too, extremely dark tasting. The manager asked how everything was and i said the daal was one of the best daals i've ever tasted, so then 5 minutes later he brings me another one out on the house.   The naans were also cooked to perfection with the crispy underside and very soft, air bread top.  The only small dissappointment was the Palak Daal and the Mango Lassi. The Palak Daal was too vinegary tasting for me and i couldn't get through it.  The mango lassi was more like a mango smoothie than Lassi, but still tasted good, my taste might be swayed by the lassi being served in a cocktail glass which seemed strange.  Lastly, inside is very very nicely decorated and the service is extremely attentive.   All in all, the best Indian i have eaten in Vegas and the third best Indian restaurant i've ever been too. Passe thru Indian in Malaysia #1 and East Z East Manchester England #2.   Highly recommended.
Yelp always does me right. I decided to go to Origin India because of the reviews, and even though my expectations may have been somewhat inflated, the restaurant rose to the occasion. I had the duck confit, my friend had the tandoori kabobs, and we shared the scallop appetizer. The food was terrific and beautifully presented, and the service was excellent.
We found the restaurant using the Yelp iPhone app.  My girlfriend and we always I make it a point to try out a local Indian restaurant when we're away from home.  We've been to Tamba in the past for buffet and it was ok.  We were greeted warmly when we arrived by a well dressed host for a Friday night dinner.  We were expecting another hole-in-the-wall join but to our surprise, the ambiance was fantastic.  Dimly lit, very elegant.  Apparently the restaurant is modeled after their restaurants in London.  I played it safe with a Chicken Tikka Masala dish.  They got this right, and MORE.  I literally licked my plate clean because the sauce was so delicious.   It was that good.  The bartender, the waitress, the host, AND even the chef took a moment to stop by at our table throughout the evening to check in on us.  I was really impressed by the service.  It  is so uncommon to see, especially at an Indian restaurant.  The customers at the time of our visit were a diverse group of people, with an Indian family at the large round table in the corner.  Overall, I would highly recommend this place to those who are visiting Las Vegas and love Indian food.  Origin India is clearly in the running for best Indian cuisine in Las Vegas.  You will be delighted by their service and will enjoy the food.  If you're reading this on your iPhone, just go.  Get directions from your currently location now!
Being that this was my first time actually going to an Indian restaurant, I really have no place reviewing Origin India.  I picked this place to go to with some out of town family because they took reservations on opentable.com and they had gift certificates for sale on restaurant.com.  We all enjoyed the food, but I was told the menu was unusual for an Indian restaurant by the rest of my party.  Once the food arrived, however, we were all very happy with our meal.  Not much in the way of atmosphere, but a very nice staff and delicious food... what more can you ask for?
This is a more upscale indian restaurant in decor and ambiance for Las Vegas indian standards.  They have a alchohol bar and serve mixed drinks, not just beer (standard indian restaurant drink fare).  I had a stawberry mojito and it was surprisingly delicious.  Muttled to perfection.  Yes, a girl drink and delicious.    Vegetable Samosa  Fish of the Day was fabulous. Saag Paneer Naan is delicious and very fresh. Chicken Curry Oven baked Eggplant  These are some of the dishes we recieved.  Delicious food.  You may need a rez otherwise it can get busy especially certain nights of the week.  The strip mall this restaurant is in is a little colorful at night.  My kids love indian and I don't love taking them to this strip mall during the evening hours...Not sure if its the strip club or the 24 hr nail place that is the most dicey.  Lots of people around all the time so I can say it does feel safe just would not walk around this area in the evening for a stroll.  Bon Appetit
My fianc and I went to Origin India for my twenty-fifth birthday and it was definitely the best place for a romantic and unforgettable experience. I had an impeccable dining experience with exquisite and artistic presentation in an inviting and vibrant atmosphere. Origin India's stylish modern dcor offers a complete setting for any occasion. The food was delectable! They had impeccable service with innovative takes on traditional Indian cuisine. For our appetizer, we had the Grilled Canadian Rock Lobster and Shoulder of Lamb Seekh Kebab. They were both fantastic! For our entres we had the Home Style Chicken Curry which was by far the curry I have ever had! My fianc ordered the Moulard Duck Leg Confit and he loved it so much that he ate everything on his plate.  With every course we became more impressed with the food, both in taste and presentation. I would definitely recommend to anyone who enjoys traditional Indian dishes.
One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. And one of the best Indian restaurants I have been to anywhere in the world.  The menu may or may not be "completely" traditional Indian cuisine, but their interpretation is quite well done.  I love everything about this place. The ambiance and the food is just spectacular.  They have recently introduced a $45 5 course tasting menu which is a great way to introduce (or re-introduce) yourself to Indian fare. When ordering from the menu, I have never been steered wrong in any selection.  Each dish has been truly outstanding.  Some changes to the menu have also introduced an Apricot and Raisin Naan which is unbelievable and can be eaten on it's own.  The biggest surprise about Origin India? They may well have the best cocktails in all of Las Vegas, and at non-Strip prices. Each cocktail is made by hand with care with fresh ingredients by their master bartender, Joseph. No pre-made fruit juice mixes in these drinks. Try the cucumber/pear martini: one of the best cocktails I've ever had the pleasure of tasting.
We were disappointed to discover Raja, the owner, was on vacation.  The new Executive Chef, Kuldeep Singh, has reworked the menu so we had difficulty choosing from the listing of new entrees.   Our first selection was the grain-fed chicken breast stuffed with wild mushroom and black prunes, served with cashew nut korma sauce accentuated with truffle oil and pulao rice. Our second entre was baked baby eggplant in Hyderabadi sesame, peanut sauce tempered with curry leaves, mustard seeds and whole red chilies which included lemon rice.  Our choice for bread was naan stuffed with sweet apricot and raisins.  Everything was visually spectacular and equally delicious.  Service, as usual, was friendly and efficient.
Origin India is Las Vegas' only slightly elegant Indian Restaurant.  As such it doesn't offer the nearly standard lunch buffet and features higher prices than you might come to expect.  What it does offer is very good food and a very nice atmosphere if you are into that sort of thing.  My Chicken Tikka Masala was "above average", as were the samosas and our side order of butter paneer. Wife wasn't as impressed with her vegetarian dumplings.   3 1/2 stars tipping just toward 4.
I consider myself to be a curry aficionado. I grew up in Vancouver, which with its large Indian community, has amazing curries. I lived in London for several years, which has some of the best curry houses out there. I know what good curry is, and Origin just doesn't have it.  Perhaps the fusion menu is somewhat better than the traditional menu, but I was in the mood for curry so I stuck with the traditional. We ordered 4 different dishes, 2 mains and 2 sides. We had a curried lamb shank, a prawn dish, mutter paneer and dal mahkani.   Let me be clear, the curry was not necessarily bad, it just wasn't that good. Each of the dishes tasted exactly the same, and looked much the same. The food was bathed in some sort of bitter tasting dark-colored gravy. It would have been fine as a stand alone dish, but getting 4 plates of exactly the same flavor/texture just didn't do it for me.   The other off putting thing about the place was the turn and burn type service. It was rushed even though we had reservations, and it wasn't that busy. The server didn't come back once except to bring the check. Also, the bus boy came to take our plates away 2 mins after being served, and before we had even started on the food! Oh, and it's overpriced too.  I have to say, I am disappointed. I had high hopes after reading my fellow yelpers' reviews. My search for good curry in Vegas continues...
I've been to this restaurant 6 or 7 times over the past 2 years and it keeps getting better and better.  They have a new menu and possibly a new chef.  Our most recent visit in Jan was unbelievably good! If we were in town one more night, we would have gone back!  If you like Indian food...this is the spot!
Phenomenal lunch buffet during the week! Its $13.99 (give or take a $1), a good mixture of vegetarian options, chicken, pork and beef. The Naan bread is to die for, and they just keep bringing it on out!  The only bad thing about going here for lunch is that you definitely need a nap after!
Fabulous food by a rising star chef, who is cooking at a James Beard dinner in New York in February. Starting with the papadum, the meal was excellent. Everyone at a table of 8 raved about their food. I had the lamb kabob appetizer, which had just a hint of ginger which took it far beyond most kabobs, which can be dry. The chef recommended the long-cooked lamb shank,which none of us had, but we saw it as a nearby table and it looked fork-fall-apart. Also had the chef's version of eggplant bharta, which they call "pressed eggplant" as a side. It was a little too hot, probably my fault because I asked for spicy. All told, a wonderful value. Make sure you try the Monte sauvignon blanc from Chile, a steal.
Everything here is awesome!!  The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because of one very stupid mistake from one of the waitresses, who was probably new, and probably foreign. When I asked for some milk for my daughter to drink, she brought her heavy cream. It made me livid! But once pointed out, all of the staff offered to go buy some right away for my crying toddler, even after she fell asleep.
Awesome place! Nice ambiance, excellent food. The reason I give it a 3 is because the owner? (Or one of the two owners) who was going around greeting everyone didn't make his way around to our table! Granted we did just stumble upon the restaurant as we were driving past it and we weren't in our best attire, we were still paying customers who would have liked to be checked on by the owner! That set a gloom tone to our overall dinner experience but that still doesn't take away (too much) from the fact that we had really delicious food!
We went to Origin India last night after hearing they've brought in a new chef from the UK who was supposedly awesome. Well, they were right.  Presentation and tons of flavor - not what we are used to seeing at Indian restaurants out here in Vegas. This review really teeters around 4.5 stars...  We started off with the Chicken Chili Stir fry and Lamb Seekh Kabob. Both had intense flavor and were SPICY (just the way we asked for it).   Following appetizers, we had the Chicken Makhani and Rogan Josh. The chicken makhani was buttery -- just the way it should be! Now, I'm not too big of a lamb fan because of the weird gamey aftertaste it has but the Rogan Josh was out of this world. Tender, boneless and unbelievable. The naan was nice and fluffy (not the burnt kind you see at other Indian joints). They served us a plate of onions, lemons and chilies without us even having to ask!  I also ordered a side of okra which is my favorite vegetarian dish. It was good but not as great as my dad makes :)  The chef served us a complimentary dessert which was a little piece of heaven. Saffron poached pear with vanilla ice cream and an orange panacotta. Out of this world!  The husband is not a fan of eating Indian food in restaurants since it's never up to our standards; however, he said we would be back to Origin India very soon! Kudos to Chef Kuldeep Singh!
When I walked into this restaurant I was struck by the ambiance.  The dim romantic lighting, the heavy silk drapery and exotic decor were enticing.  When I opened the menu and saw the rather high prices I thought that the food must be superb.    Well, in reality the food was just okay.  Nothing spectacular. In fact, the Chicken Curry was dry.   Even though our party of seven ordered seven dishes that were listed as "family style", there was just enough food.  Maybe not even.  I think people were embarrassed to take too much our of the small dishes- as we had to share amongst seven people.  I think that became apparent when everyone was anxious to order extra orders of Naan (break).    My advice to the owners?  Lower the prices a bit and increase the size of the portions.
My sis and I came here and we both craving Indian food since we hadn't had it in a while ... the staff is really nice, the place is clean and decor is great. Buuuuut, we left a bit disappointed. I guess this really only applies to the buffet ... which would really have 2 1/2 stars but gave them 3 assuming their regular menu is better.   We walked in, they seated us and said "we have buffet, help yourself" ... we thought that's all they were offering for lunch, we would have at least liked to see their lunch menu! It wasn't til they offered the menu to someone else that we became curious! haha We picked up a to go menu as we walked out and it sounds a lot better than what we experienced ...   I guess being from Los Angeles, I've had my fair share of Indian buffets and this one fell short in my book. It was $14.99 and the selection was small. White rice, tandoori chicken, vegetable curry, chicken curry, punjabi curry (not sure what kind of meat it was, it was mushy), fish curry ... a potato soup (which was really salty), fruit salad and plain naan. I guess back home they just have so much more to choose from ... samosas, garlic naan, multiple curries etc. The food was ok ... just lacked variety and used to garlic naan. We ordered a side of samosas, good but would have preferred a thicker crust/wrap - it was more of an eggroll wrapper.   Next time I'm in town and craving Indian food, I think I'll order off their regular menu or go somewhere else for a buffet.
This is a upscale Indian restaurant in Vegas. It is expensive, but they have the best atmosphere of all Indian restaurants. Their menu is very unique and delightful. It is a great place for dinner.  They are very proud of their martini selections.  The quantity of the food is meager, almost like a tasting menu. The bread basket is very good. The chef apparently has been winning awards lately.  The owner is Raja Majid, and he is there most of the time. He is an experienced restaurant operator from UK.
The most horrible and terrible experience.  I went to this place with my family for lunch buffet, the buffet is over priced $14.99 per person and the following are the items in buffet.  1 veggie soup - flavor less and watery. 2 cheap appetizer   3 Chicken tikka 4. steamed rice 5. lamb curry 6. Fish curry  7. veggie curry - no salt and veggies were uncooked and raw. 8 lentils - flavorless, no salt  9 rice pudding   Service is very bad, there was a middle aged waiter who has an attitude problem.  The decor is good and looked expensive and therefore it seemed they want to feed customers garbage at expensive rate and make up for the decor cost.   For the kind of money they charge I could have had better meal in one of the casinos.  The very thought of this place enrages me and my family because we spent nearly $100 for this crap.  Will never ever go to this place, the owners of this place
I never considered myself a fan of indian food until I went here...  we experienced great service the moment we walked in the door.  I am big on service, if you have great food and have bad service then you have bad food in my opinion, because I wont come back.  ( I always seem to venture off on some sort of rant)  I was extremely impressed with all of the dishes we ordered.  I will definitely go back.  :)
One of the best indian meals I've ever had, hands down. This place is as tasty as they come, and they make it spicy!  Added props for the beer selection (not amazing, but lightyears beyond other indian restaurants). They have a few belgians, some craft brews, and of course Indian beers.  I can't wait to go back to this place next time I'm stuck in vegas thanks to a tradeshow.
All I can say is "YUMMIE"...My husband and I eat here all of the time and always enjoy it.  Everything is so fresh and delightful.  It's a short cab ride from the strip and worth every penny!
I love Indian food, let me start of saying. I first discovered Indian cuisine years ago while working in an Indian restaurant in NYC, which was a great gateway for me to try everything (hello menu sampler). I gained a whole new respect for food after trying it. Indian food can accommodate the meat lover (love me some lamb vindaloo or lamb korma) or the vegetarian alike (saag paneer, etc..). Dishes can range from spicy to hearty to sweet, and differ regionally just as American cuisine differs from coast to coast. Being an Indian food lover, I refuse to go to the buffets in this town.  So since Shalimar closed it's only location next to Firefly on Paradise, I was out of options. I ended up reading some reviews and forced my then boyfriend to try it. When you first walk through the doors it's upscale and very beautiful. Kind of like an more upscale Baluchi's to any NYC'ers reading this. We sit down, and a very helpful server recommends a glass of wine and cocktail pairings after I tell him what we're ordering (because of course I already know what I want!). How amazing is that? I love when a server is good at their job and we accepted his recommendations. So, we start of with naan, mango chutney, raita and 2 cocktails. I ordered lamb vindaloo and he had chicken tikka (I told him that was the safest bet for first timers). The lamb was amazing, and the vindaloo wasn't so spicy that it was over powering. His was perfectly cooked as well, and actually liked mine better, HA! The service was prompt, and we always had enough water and drinks to never have to ask for anything. The waiter was quick, knowledgeable, and we never felt like we were being pushed into ordering anything. Mind you, it's not cheap. To really enjoy yourself and your date it'll probably cost you anywhere from $60 - $80, gratuity included. ( By enjoy yourself I mean getting naan (bread), chutney (dipping sauce), an app like samosas, 2 entrees and 2 cocktails).  Upon leaving I got an Origin India card, where I get a discount and I'm signed up for events they do there like tasting events. They got a new chef a while back and changed the entire menu recently and I haven't a chance to try it lately. I looked online and saw that they have a Chef tasting menu that is chalk full of 5 courses for $45 per person. Not bad. You will definitely see me there again, because I am 100% positive that the food remains to be fantastic. It's a great date place to add a little exotic and unexpected to your nightly game plan for the adventurous couple or tourist.
I ate here last night for the first time with two friends visiting Las Vegas from Great Britain.  The food was very good.  I would have given it four stars, but the prices are too high for the food you get.  These are strip prices, not some off-Strip mall prices.  I had the southern Indian style diced lamb.  The seasoning was wonderful.  My friends had 1) the Origin India Kebab platter and 2) the lamb shank.  We also had one order of regular and one of garlic naan.  We also ordered fried papardam.  They were out of the fried so we got baked instead.  It was only 4:45 in the afternoon.    For the three of us, the bill was just over $100.  We had cokes and an iced tea, no alcoholic drinks.  Since we had a Restaurant.com certificate, they added 20% service charge to the bill before the discount.  That's just too much for three people for what we got.  There are other places that are less pretentious that have good Indian food.  I'll go there in the future.
If there is a single phrase to describe this place it's "a bit too" : dimly lit, much vinegar in the chicken tikka "caesar" salad dressing, expensive.   The service is gracious, my curry lamb stir fry entree was excellent, and it was served with rice - the poppy seeds are a nice touch. The actual chicken in the salad was delicious and tender, but the "caesar" part is taken too literally, and definitely more than a "take"- note: nobody actually wants to pay good money for a standard caesar salad.   Although, I would have liked some naan bread to go with it but I did not think it too fitting to pay for an additional item for a meal that already totaled more than $30 when my purpose is to dine, catch up on the news in the paper, and go.  On that note, it's probably a decent place for a date what with the mood lighting, attentive service, and attractive setting.
Service is great. We'd came in almost closing time, and they still sat us down. The one called pappit? isn't very good here. too salty. Their garlic nuns are good. chicken mahktai is great. Crushed eggplant  also very good. Place has nice decor, but a little bit pricey.
I rather hate Las Vegas. I mean, if I have to go to a conference for work, I guess I would rather it be in Las Vegas than say Dallas. But for the most part, I'm not a fan of the crowds, of the gambling, or really of the mind-numbing lack of choices in things to do and see. My food experiences in Vegas have been pretty sub-par. Until Origin India, that is.  I first found this place about 4 years ago, when I was last in town for a conference. And short of eating in homes in India (which, yes, I have done), it was the best Indian food in my life. I was introduced to the glories of beet and carrot halwa -- a dairy dessert made of beets and/or carrots. Sounds disgusting, right? It's not. It's delicious. And, I have dreamed of their halwa (occasionally I have literally dreamed of it) since then.  So I am back in town on business. And rather than eating at one of the places on the Strip, I hurry back to Origin India as soon as I can.  It's still delicious. But, it's not the same. I see from another post that there is a new chef. Perhaps that's the issue. I feared it simply suffered from too much exposure -- upon my arrival, I saw that so-called "chef" Rachel Ray had discovered the place, and that it subsequently enjoyed a rise in popularity. And, as so often happens with small places that get discovered, they sometimes rest on their laurels.  Don't get me wrong -- some of the things were still excellent. Their naan was fantastic, for example. And the channa was top-notch. But, serving the potato soup in a tall shot glass made for nice presentation, but didn't cover for the fact that it was kind of bland. And, it didn't really help the diner, as it never allowed the soup to cool to a low enough temperature to comfortable eat/drink it.  I ordered the tasting menu. And my main course -- the channa - was delicious. But other things just felt a bit sub-par. The sherbet served between courses felt good to the palate, but it was from the grocery. And the complimentary dumplings were just pakoras in a sauce.  So, Origin India, I still heart you. And I'm hoping you get your groove back, because I used to tout you as the best Indian restaurant in the country. And now, all I can say is that you are a great alternative to the poor choices on the strip.
What happened Origin India? You used to be so good! So this is my first time coming back here since Feb. of 09, post their new chef and menu changes. I'm disappointed because they were so good and the service was so amazing before and this time around it was just not.  My friend and I walk in, get seated, and are immediately approached by a waiter inquiring on our water preference. We receive our menus and start talking and realize that we have no drink menu. Okay? Don't the two usually go together? Mid conversation we're interrupted by another waiter after we just looked at the newly received drink menu. We said we need more time and he saunters off. The menu has become this bizarre fusion without the proper names of the dishes, so it's like uh what? Basically they give you the recipe without saying what it is. My friend ordered the chicken tikka salad that was served over a minuscule bed of coarsely chopped iceberg and romaine and I ordered the lamb curry stir fry, which was really lamb vindaloo. We ordered some samosas and apricot and raisin naan to start. The waiter inquires how spicy I wanted the vindalooo and I say as spicy as it gets and that we would like the naan and the samosas to start. Please tell me why it took 10 minutes to get our cocktails in a bar that was not busy? I mean literally the bartender was just standing there doing nothing and there was no one at the bar. When we received our cocktails that were $10 in small martini glasses we were less then impressed. I ordered the orange peace margarita and my friend ordered a blackberry pomegranate concoction. We both slowly drank them, but they were not that good. So our naan arrives at the table as well as our samosas in a little tower shape with a nice presentation. The flavors were good, albeit dry. 4 minutes after that he brings the chicken tikka salad to the table after he asked when we were taking our order if we wanted the salad with the samosas or with the lamb. We said with the lamb since that was her entree. After 5 additional minutes obviously my lamb wasn't coming and he forgot they were supposed to be served together. So she ate and I just sat there. Fun times. After she was done, the lamb got brought to the table and I literally could barely eat it. My fault because I said as spicy as it gets, but that was ridiculous. I can usually take spicy but damn. He asked how everything was, I said really really spicy and he brought over some raita.  It still wasn't good after that, and when he inquired later on how I was doing, I still said it's really spicy and he awkwardly laughed and walked away. He didn't ask do you want me to have the kitchen make another one for you? Nope, he just giggled and walked away. WTF?! Now I could understand if I ate half of the dish but I had a little corner of my plate with the lamb on it and some rice. It felt like it was his first waiting tables job and it was just off. Yes, the waiter was nice but it felt like a poorly operated faux fine dining experience. They were not trained properly on etiquette, nor timing. We paid our $60 bill and left. I boxed up my vindaloo and took it home and ended up just throwing it away anyway because I knew I wasn't going to eat it, I just couldn't justify spending $21 for something and not eating it. Oh and also, the lamb didn't come with rice it was a $3 upcharge. Ridiculous.   After the great experience I had to that is just disappointing, and it was my birthday last night to boot. I'm kind of undecided if I want to go back after that.
The service is not that good and the food is also not that great
As you might notice, I'm currently living in Yuma, AZ (and probably will be here for at least another four years until the kids graduate high school--and then, it will be "Hello, the Northwest!" time finally). Anyway, our our-of-town trips happen pretty frequently, and most of the time, has to involve a hunt for good Indian food.  I mean, any Indian restaurant for that matter, because in Yuma, we only got one. So, we are, obviously, locked in one that just one.  ORIGIN was so close to our hotel, right by Hard Rock Cafe, on Paradise Road. There were several restaurants flanking this place, so the parking lot was packed. But we lucked out and saw somebody pulling out of their spot.  Hubby has a "great food radar" it seems, because he suggested we tried the Tasting Menu for dinner. Our server recommended half meat and half vegetarian dishes (to accomodate my dietary needs). It was $45/pp. For a five-course meal. Yup--not exactly cheap.   The pureed mixed vegetable was served in what looked like a shot glass--slightly taller. I thoroughly enjoyed it even when I kept scalding my fingers just trying to pick the glass up.   The Naan basket was full of awesome goodness. We couldn't believe the amount of bread we got.   Then we had a serving of three types of meat--all seasoned and grilled to just the right state of done-ness. The shrimp was fine, but the lamb was heavenly.  My favorite dish, of course, was the vegetarian curry. I almost forgot about the other vegetarian dishes that came with the curry. I tried to look for their names on the web but somehow, none of the items on the menu rang a bell, so perhaps, the Chef came up with some extemporaneous selections for that night. And we were the happier for it.  Now, the true GEM of the evening dinner, was Joseph, the bartender. But to call him that is truly inaccurate. I call him The Alchemist.   I'm not even fond of martinis (never liked it), but Joseph's original concoctions, from fresh juices, herbs, spices, really intrigued me. He said that a good martini comes from a mixture of several types of vodkas or gins. He also said that Bombay gin makes a fine martini because of its herbal composition. I tend to agree with him, based on how magnificent the martinis he made for me turned out.   So, for final thoughts--may be too pricey for the dinner portions, or for the tasting menu (but I'm charging it to experience). But a strong 4+ Stars for "The Alchemist".
I have to admit I am a Food Network fan so when I saw Rachel Ray review Origin India so highly I got the idea to treat my wife to a nice dinner a bit out of our usual price range. She loves Indian food and it was her B-day so we splurged.   I made online reservations but they were not needed at all, the place was all but empty. We had to wait while the manager interviewed a prospective employee but that turned out bad, voices were raised and we were caught in the middle. Oh well.  The ambiance was nice, the lighting was low but not like dining in the dark like some places I have gone. As we were seated we were given the wine and drink menu and the dinner menus. A quick note: the menus were dirty and stained from drinks or whatever. This was immediately off-putting because in a place with as high a Zagat Rating of 26/21/21 I would have expected more. OK, maybe I expect too much.  So, the option, bottled or LV tap for water. Let me say up front, I am not paying $8.00 for a bottle of Pellegrino (price not listed, so I am assuming)  that is $2.00 in the store. Local is fine thank you. Am I cheap? No, I am in this restaurant, but I am thrifty, no need to be hosed. Then it took 5 minutes just for water to be served and another 10 minutes for Iced Tea. The tea was a black tea, refreshing, but not unusually so.  I think the staff had to be bored as we had like three different waiters. I was not certain who was serving what and that felt a little odd. We went on to order the Raisin and Apricot Naan which was delicious and an appetizer of Chicken Tikka that was very good. I am not sure it was actually Chicken Tikka, it was not spicy at all except for what looked and tasted like spice grape leaves holding the appetizer to the plate, but it was good.  The entree for me was a Moulard duck leg confit coated in ginger, garlic, cinnamon, honey and orange zest, served with butter poached potato and sweet and sour kumquat marmalade and my wife had Southern Indian style diced lamb stir fry diced lamb stir fry with curry leaves, black mustard seeds, whole Kashmiri chilli and coconut, served with lemon rice. Here is where Origin India shined. Both plates were wonderful to look at and the taste was marvelous. They have earned the 26 Zagat Food Rating (should be 27 in my book).  For dessert we tried the "Indian Donut Holes" and while tasty, a bit of a disappointment. Oh well.  The atmosphere was disturbed while we were there by a guy yelling into his cell phone. If I had my way cell phones would be discouraged in a fine dining establishment, they are so annoying. But management just let this guy yammer away even when they saw the dirty looks we and others in the restaurant were giving him.  In all our dining experience was about two hours and that was expected. I have to admit that although the food was superb, they overall experience lacked polish that for the prices charged I would have expected. They attempted to provide a high dining atmosphere but fell short on the details like not replacing silver in a timely manner and by letting drinks to be emptied before refilling. I did not expect the classic "crumbing the table" but the little things seemed to add up.  If the prices were a little more reasonable for the experience I would be a frequent diner, but the tab was a bit too steep to make it a regular thing.
Origin India used to be one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas, but over time, its rising prices and worsening service have pushed other Indian joints far above it. A visit today was the final nail in the coffin for my girlfriend and I, who both decided we'd probably not be coming back much anymore.  Let me get this out of the way: the food is still good, generally, the atmosphere is upscale-but-comfortable, and the service is professional and courteous. But ...   The menu has been changed recently, forgoing names of dishes for lengthy descriptions that make finding what you want a challenge. It seems like a deliberate effort to Americanize/fancy-up further the menu. As well, the leaning toward the gourmet seems to have pushed up the prices yet again, as the restaurant offers nuanced, fusion fare beyond Indian-spawned dishes. The gastronomical experiments may please foodies. The deviations from the traditional do not please this eater, however.  One of our favorite items at Origin, regardless of anything else, has always been the vegetable samosa, an appetizer staple. But on this recent visit, the restaurant's traditional purse-shaped, doughy treats were replaced with thin, triangular samosas, similar to what Trader Joe's sells frozen, only not as good.  The service was slow (though it always seems to be slow at Indian restaurants for some reason, so that may just be a cultural difference in pacing), but it took extra long to get things like drink refills, despite a relatively calm lunch time, and when we presented a gift card to pay for part of the meal, it took about 10 minutes and two people to figure out how to get it to work.  While, as I said, the food, and slowness aside, the service were both good, the price point has become too high for a casual meal, and the change in samosas? Unforgivable. For us, at least.
Ugh, what happened here? I hadn't been here in 1 year but the first few times I ate here were really good. I had liked the food very much back then.   I went again this week and I have to say it just didn't live up to my memory. The food was ok. That's it just ok.   Had a fried scallop appetizer that was heavily coated and locked its fried breading prison begging to be set free. Had a lamb appetizer that was good, spicy but good. I like spicy.   Had mushroom truffle naan. It was tasty.   Had the striped bass entree. As a heads up it is pan fried served with all of its bones. Which is fine with me but the waiter could have let me know or given me a side plate to put all of those bones. I enjoyed the flavor but again it was really oily. It could have done with a touch less oil used a hotter pan when cooked to prevent the absorption of all that oil into the fish.   The hubby had lamb which I tasted and it was average.   At the end of the meal the hubby had an after dinner drink. The waiter offered me one which I declined. I was never brought a dessert menu. Maybe they don't have dessert?   The service was not horrible but could have been better. Besides the fact he kept forgetting my husbands allergy which was explained at the start of the meal and the happy hour specials being explained incorrectly and the wrong prices listed on the menu vs. the prices on the receipt.
A welcome surprise for a strip mall eatery.    The decor is upscale and a little different from what you would expect to see in an Indian restaurant.  In other words, it is not bohemian chic in the trendy sort of way.  Its comfy elegant.  To start, the naan is very good.  You do have to pay for each order.  Remember that when the server ask if you want more.  The plain naan is the best.  Worth mentioning is the cheese and chili naan.  It good but very spicy.  Which brings up the point, if the server tells you an item is spicy, take their word for it.  Lamb and vegetable briyani are fantastic as is the chicken curry.  If you're with a group, try the family style dishes.  Its more fun that way.  Oh yeah, it isn't as inexpensive as Rachael Ray made it out to be but its well worth the price.  Enjoy.
Let me first start with the menu. As I looked down the menu, almost everything sounded great. I had to choose from 5 items that I really wanted! I ended up getting the lamb stir-fry with lemon rice. It was only ok though. Don't get me wrong, I would order it again, But the description seemed better than the dish. My wife got the stripped bass. It came as a whole fish with the head and tail removed. Skin on and bone in tact. The flavor was amazing, just a little tough to chow down on 'cause you had to be careful about the bones. We also ordered two appetizers (waiters recommendation cause of 2-for-1 apps during happy hour). First we had scallops, which came tempura style. all I can say is YUM! And then we ordered an item called lamb kebabs. Instead what came out wasn't your traditional kebab. it was lamb meat with all the veggies rolled together in a spring roll looking dish. Not fried, (i don't think) and spicy! For me it was on the border of being too spicy, my wife LOVED them. We also ordered a wild mushroom and truffle oil bread. Now that was just plain good.   Result: Food 5 Stars  As for our waiter, I would have to give him 3 stars. The reason we came in was because Origin India sent my wife a coupon for a free entree which we showed him at the beginning of the meal. He told us that was could order only one of the entrees as the free one, none of the family style selections, ok thats fine. He left to allow us to look over the menu. We knew our appitizer order. He recommended us to get two even though we only wanted one cause it was still happy hour. Well when the check came both appitizers were charged for and when I asked why he said that we could only use one discount at a time! WTF! You told us to get two! We ended up having it taken off. Also, after more review of the check they charged me an extra doller than what was listed on the menu for my beer.   The waiter was really insistent about selling my wife a cocktail. It got to the point of it being a little weird. She kept declining but he really pushed it. I understand up selling but after the customer declining at least 4-5 times, it was obnoxious.     Over all I liked it. I wasn't going to this restaurant for human interaction and great service, I was going to eat here. and the food was great. If you do go, just review the prices and the check very carefully!
If your looking for Indian food with flair, this is the spot! The decor was beautiful and plush, the service was excellent, the background music was soothing and the food...Delicious!  I ordered the tasting menu which gives u a variety of meats and veggie dishes, curries, etc. It also comes with a gorgeous naan basket and traditional accompaniments.  The price is a little high but well worth it!
Was invited to lunch with a press person for the restaurant so we could have a meeting. We decided to order the naan bread, full lunch buffet of curried meats and no meat curried veggie items. We also tried a smaller, sweet lobster, that was cut down the shell and submerged in butter.  The lunch buffet pricing seemed a little high and there weren't too many people in the restaurant. If this restaurant wants to gain additional returning local customers, they should offer several lunch specials to bring people in, then they can discover what the buffet is about. Drinks were refilled many times in a short order so that was nice.  I would return if the prices were to change or if they were to offer a happy hour menu.
I was on a journey to find some great Indian food.  I caught a TV show about a visit that Rachel Ray made, looking for some great Vegas restaurants.  One of the restaurants was Origin India, on Paradise Rd and Flamingo, just across the street from the Hard Rock Casino and Hotel. We decided to go to dinner on a Friday night, it was fairly busy but not overly busy.  We were whisked away to our seats in a matter of minutes by a well dressed gentleman.  The setting was white linen and slightly formal, although we are in Vegas, and formal just doesn't cut the mustard in this town, it's typically blue jean Friday, every day of the week.  Our waiter was incredibly attentive.  We ordered several appetizers, they were absolutely delicious, and had great eye appeal.  The portions at this restaurant fall are average, not to small, not too large.  Our main course was Lamb Masala and Buttery Chicken, again, both dishes were excellent and seasoned perfectly.  The restaurant environment, service and food are excellent, it's a tad pricey, but certainly a great dining experience.
It sucks... Naan was the only good thing.. And for which we had to wait so long... When we asked why is it taking so long the answer we got was "we are busy". Being an Indian I know how these food should taste and they taste nothing like that.. Not much options in the buffet...
This review was for a nice dinner experience here about 1.5 months ago.  We had a party of 10 here for our good friend's birthday.  (This dinner was for 2) Appetizer Chicken thigh tikka-This was very juicy but tasted different than the ones that I had before.  This appetizer is a little bit small for 9 bucks though.  Tandoori Black Tiger Shrimp - This was so sweet and yummy...will order again.  Shrimp lover must try.  Entree Karahi Goat-Portion is smaller than other Indian restaurant that I have been to.  Flavor was decent, but of course, I asked for a plate of raw onions and lemon wedges and it brings out the flavor even more.  Fresh garlic & corriander naan and roti-very fresh and good!  We had bought an icecream birthday cake that was pretty much hard like a rock (didn't let it thaw enough), and the server was very kind to slice up the cake for us.  The service was very wonderful here.  It is a bit sad to see that this restaurant was a bit empty on a Friday evening.  Food:  Yummy,  but wish the portion was bigger... Service: Perfecto
Wish I could tell you about the food but the poor service overshadowed the meal. The staff was friendly enough but failed to provide the most obvious of necessities. Exhibit A: drinks. I requested a glass of soda from not one, not two, but three different staff members. Finally, when there was still no sign of the drink, I asked for them to just bring it when the food arrives. One waiter said, "could you remind me to do that?" Umm, isn't that your JOB to remember that? They seemed inattentive to their customers yet spent a great deal of time arranging silverware on tables that weren't even occupied. How about focusing attention on the warm bodies sitting here now?  Exhibit B: the bill. At this point, I was pretty annoyed and obviously in no mood to leave a big tip. But the waiter stands at your table with his credit card machine and processes your bill right then and there. AWKWARD.  To my Love, I'm sorry to have taken you here on your special day. Happy effin' birthday.
On recommendation from a friend, who is Indian...we decided to check this place out on a Thursday evening. I was worried, the place was empty, (one other table was occupied by a group of business men). The atmosphere seamed fancy, but we were dressed in casual clothes and they didn't bat an eye. The wait staff were friendly and helpful with all our questions. We tried a few of their signature Indian cocktails since it was happy hour. Skipped apps and I went for the Indian Kabob platter (2 shrimp, 2 ground lamb kabobs, 2 small pieces of chicken, and one piece of cheese), which was good (chicken could've used more spice). My husband got the Southern Indian style diced lamb stir fry which we both loved, I kept dipping my chicken in his sauce. We shared the bread basket which was 3 different Naan...warm, fresh, bubbly, and delicious. Overall we liked it, but the price was a little high and the portions small.
After hamburgers galore, I was craving hole-in-the-wall ethnic fare. This was a solid Indian buffet; it's no Lahore Karahi, but what is? The best dish - by far - was the fried paneer - like mozzarella sticks but better. They weren't afraid of spice. Also, the free naan was quite nice - with a perfect crisp to pillowy ratio. We liked our 19 year old waitress and hope she gets out of Vegas. For Vegas, a steal at $15 a person. The space was clean and modern. Service was relatively good.
The menu has changed significantly since my last visit.  It's not the traditional indian fare that I've come to love. The vindaloo was not on the menu, but the server said that they still served it.  If was definitely not the dish that I had last time i was here.  The spice wasn't right and I had to add a ton of green chiles to get it right.  Charging for rice must be a Vegas thing.  One of the big drawbacks was the server charging card tableside.  It was just plain awkward.
This place was fantastic!! Great service and the bext indian food I have ever had.  I highly recommend it.  It is a little on the pricey side and that is the only downfall.  Plus I am used to indian places that have meal with sides  included when you order your entree, where here you have to order everything separate.  Big portions though!
I bought a $25 lunch Groupon recently, and my wife and I decided to use it yesterday.  We each had the lunch buffet which had about 6 warm dishes and 3 cold dishes. I had mixed pakora, basmatti rice, dahl, soup, lamb curry, spicy fish, chicken curry, naan, and raita.  The naan seemed a tad under cooked. The lamb was very tender. The pakora was good but on the soggy side. The soup was tasty. The rest was rather forgettable.  My wife got a mango lassi and she said it was one of the best she ever had.  Even after our Groupon, the bill came to $15 for the two of us for two lunch buffets, a mango lassi, and a diet Coke. The food was okay but I've certainly had better Indian food. For the price, I did not think this was a good value, and I have no plan to return.
If you like Indian food this, Origin is as good as it gets. All the meat is halal which is nice but if you're a practicing Muslim. If not then you have to order some cocktails off the very creative and extensive list created by resident bartender Joseph. He's crafted some very complex drinks using the same herbs, spices and ingredients the cooks are using in the kitchen.    I recommend the Black Mamba if you're getting something hearty like the lamb or chicken tikka. The Cucumber Pearl was light and  perfect for a vegetarian dish. The Lal Dupata (Red Veil) was also very good  with the chicken curry. We had a few more but I don't recall the names. Keep in mind these take a few minutes to make.  Very well done in the kitchen and the bar!
I had a great time here, but mainly because the bartender is some sort of badass.  He has a celebrity quality about him and should probably be on tv making his specialty drinks.    The food here was pretty good too.  The ambiance of the place is just ok though.
I came here for lunch with my girlfriend because we had Groupons. We chose the buffet option because we thought it would give us the better deal. The food was alright but there was not much of a selection. Also,  almost all of the food was super spicy which is fine if there were other options but there were not. The music was good though!
We had dinner there last night with the Groupon.    Appetizer: paneer cheese tikka - this was OK.  Entrees: The black cod was cooked perfectly and the lamb curry was delicious.   Dessert: poached pear - our waiter recommend it to us, totally amazing!  Supposedly the waiter thought my friend looked like his brother... He was pretty funny and gave HONEST recommendations.  Don't ever get the Indian ice cream...
This was probably the best Indian food I've had in the US.  We walked in for a late lunch and opted for the buffet and I am so glad  that we did.   The curried fish was definitely my very favorite.  I am not one for curried fish but I even had a third helping of the fish.  It was THAT delicious.    Unfortunately I cannot remember the details and did not make the effort to remember everything that we tried, however, it was an experience that left me craving more.
This was my first experience eating at an Indian restaurant.  It was a group dinner that was served family style and I had no idea what I was eating.  We didn't order off of menus, someone picked the dishes and we all sampled everything.  I wish I asked what the heck I was eating because it was awesome.....however, I was too caught up in the great conversation I was having with friends and my Wife took care of putting stuff on my plate to sample, so I didn't get the names of the dishes.  The service was very good.  They made sure our plates were always full.  The only downside is that their credit card machine is old school and takes forever to close out a check.  I know this is a useless review for 90% of the people out there, but for those who haven't tried Indian food, I recommend giving it a try.....I was pleasantly surprised and can't wait to go back and try more dishes....this time I'm taking notes.  Return Factor - 90%
First the real bad. The service is slow and a bit inattentive. Our lassi took forever, we didn't get napkins until after our appetizers which didn't come with any of the typical chutneys.   Now the not-so-bad. We ordered the Mater Paneer which was good, not great and the Chicken Tikka Masala which was runnier than expected and the chicken a little dry. The flavor was good but a little too garlicky. The Samosas were the best part, a little spicier than normal, which was a pleasant surprise. The mango lassi was spot on. The naan was solid and they offer a variety of naan flavors that can be ordered in one basket.   Finally, the chutneys, once they arrived were a bit off. Too much mint in the mint chutney for one thing.
The food and drinks were amazing last night. The service however, ruined it. We showed up a little after 6 and was strongly advised by our waiter to get drinks and apps because they were bogo during happy hour. We ordered drinks and apps and an entree each. The drink I ordered was Shandi something and it was spicy, peppery and perfect. My friend had 'The Maria' . It was fruity and on the sweet side but equally as delicious. The appetizers we got were plated beautifully. The scallops were my favorite, nice and crispy outside yet tender and mild on the inside. The stuffed portobella mushroom was tasty too, I just would have liked it served warmer since it was deep fried. I had the lamb shank after being advised by the waiter it was much better than the lamb stir fry i ordered at first. The lamb shank was every bit of amazing as it was expected to be. The sauce was extremely spicy, flavorful as well as hot. I coughed after my first bite. The lamb itself was so tender it fell off the bone. I could cut the meat with my fork. My friend had the baby eggplant dish and loved it. Now I bring myself to the downer of this meal....the LACK of SERVICE! We were never offered refills on our drinks, yet our glasses of water were refilled continually by the busboy. Once we were finished with our meal we sat and waited for our check for over 30 minutes with our waiter nowhere in sight. Thank God my friend was so entertaining or else I would have been more upset. After 40 minutes had gone by I started flagging down anyone i could find to ask for our check. I asked the bartender, the hostess, the busboy...then finally our waiter appears and presents us with our check. The check was wrong of course because he had charged us full price for the drinks and apps he worked so hard to sell us on for happy hour. I could understand though since it was now 8:15. I quickly jumped up and followed him back to the kitchen and asked him if he could fix our check. His response was "I will speak with the manager about it" to which I responded "We are in a hurry!" Then he said "Okay I'll take it off right now." Hahaha I think I scared myself a little there, but whatever it worked! We finally got out of there. It was really busy for a Tuesday night, but nonetheless that is no excuse for poor service.   Food = 5 stars  Service = 0 stars
I love this place! I only discovered it recently through a friend, but it's already on my list of favorite restaurants. The food is fantastic! The drinks are fantastic! The staff is fantastic! Are you getting where I'm going here? After a very dismal and disappointing experience at another nearby Indian restaurant, I rolled the dice on this place and am very glad that I did. The ambiance really isn't 5-star worthy, but the overall experience takes it there. They also have this customer rewards program that gives you credit towards your next visit that is pretty cool. The food? Well let me tell you! The chicken stuffed with mushrooms and dates in the cashew stuff is awesome! All of the usual suspects are here and they are all wonderful! If you want spicy though, you need to ask here! Enjoy!
Excellent ambiance service and food!
Origin India, to me, is one of those places where you really want to like to like it for what it is but I guess the staff were having an off night the day I went.    The overall restaurant ambiance is nice and I remember the nice hostess seating us quickly.  Everything after that was kind of weird, to say the least.  Our waiter constantly kept trying to upsell us, which is good sometimes, but we were pretty set on what we wanted and he kept pushing us to change our mind for something more expensive (I eventually told him I'm not a fan of lamb nor any kind of meat because I don't eat meat and he stopped haha).  The food took a while to come out but it did and it was pretty good.  The samosas were a bit cold in the middle but I didn't bother to tell anyone because I was hungry.  I also remember the Indian tea to be really yummy so try that out the next time you're in there.  Also, for some reason, the staff were bickering at each other all night.  Our waiter was fighting with the bartender and the bartender was telling the hostess to tell the waiter to go away and leave him alone etc, etc.  I not sure what the bustle was all about but it kept getting worse and guess what?  The waiter forgot about us.  A younger dude (maybe a manager? owner?) kept coming over while we ate to ask if everything was ok as well.  I just nodded and continued to eat because after awhile because I didn't want to state the obvious and tell him about the problem between the staff or the samosas.  Finally, we were ready to leave and I called for the check.  At this point, the manager (?) was gone and we had to wait on our waiter.  It took a little bit because he went to the back for something and waited on some people coming into the restaurant.  I thought that was kind of odd.. he should have just given me my check and I could've signed it and been on my way.  But, Origin India does it different.  If you have a card (credit or debit) they have you use their CC machine at the table.  It was a bit awkward because it gives you option to manually put in a tip but I pressed okay and it automatically set me up for an 18% tip.  Now, my experience was nowhere near warranting an 18% tip but THE WAITER WAS STANDING RIGHT ABOVE ME waiting for me to press okay.  I felt weird asking how to go back on my tip for a more suitable tip so I just pressed okay and off the waiter went.  Overall, it was an interesting experience.  I hope the waiter became a little happier with my generous tip.  Not sure how I feel about coming back to this place but if I do, I know how not to get tricked into a 18% tip!
I met some friends here for a birthday dinner.  My first impression of the restaurant was questionable.  While I like the music and earthy tones used in the decor.  I didn't like the cheap decorations and hanging fake candles.  The chair and table combination made me feel like the table was at my throat.   Once we were seated it took a unreasonable length of time to get water much less drink service.  Water was finally served at the time they took our order. Which was probably about 30 minutes after our arrival.  Our order was taken by a waiter who insisted there portions were very "generous."   The presentation of the appetizers was very nice but not very high on the taste factor.  I can't remember what it was that I had ordered.  Our main curse arrived in a series of small bowls.  The rice and naan were both tasty but the portions were disappointing.  Rice and naan are cheap to make and shouldn't be given out so limitedly.  I again can't remember exactly what I ordered but the food overall was highly disappointing.  The only item I can remember eating because it was probably the best of all 6 different dishes we ordered was the curried chicken.  While better than anything else we had it was still not great.  After dinner was served is when things really went down hill.  Our server seemed to have died.  Everyone at the table ran out of water about half way through dinner and never got a refill.  It took another hour to get the bill during witch time the buser passed our table repeatedly with the water pitcher and ignored us as we tried to wave him down.  Even with money in hand trying to pay the bill we were ignored for sometime.  I was very please to walk out of Origins 2.5 hours later, not because I was satisfied but because I hated every minute I spent in the place.  On one final note they were not busy this night.  Our table was one of about 6 with patrons.  The food was instantly forgettable and the price was way to high.  Hands down worst service in Las Vegas.  I will not return to Origin ever again.
Had the kebab plate. Everything was excellent and lovely presentation.
Ok guys, I am an Indian and consider myself a connoissuer. My wife and kid keep complaining I am never happy until I find some decent Indian food. I can tell you this place sucks, the quality and taste of food, that is. The place is clean, good decor and all but the choice of food and the taste is terrible. You maybe impressed if you are a non indian but I wanted people to have an idea what another Indian thinks of it. I usually do not write negative comments but I feel this place should work harder at dishing out some decent Indian food and not rip people off. Almost everything tastewise was awful, I am sorry to say.
So begin in Las Vegas for the first time ever, and being a lover of Indian food, decided to check out this place as per recommendations of fellow yelpers and a great review in the VEGAS magazine. Well... Brace for it.. It was horrible!!!!   Firstly, the decor left alot to be desired. If your going to be in the restaurant business in Vegas, you really have to great decor, something visually appealing. Trust me the photos posted on the website make it seem like its nice...its not. After visiting many restaurants on the Strip, this one had me thinking " wow..this looks plain". Even though its off the strip, I have seen mom and pop shops that look better than this, however I was still interested to see how the food was..   The dishes we ordered were as follows: New Zealand lamb shank..veggie biryani..punjabi khadi..paneer tikka masala. The best of all these was the Lamb Shank..the meat was quite tender but the curry felt like it was just warmed up, didn't taste fresh at all. The veggie biryani was kinda sticky, not very flavorful. The punjabi khadi was horrible! It was so salty we had to send it back, after the waiter tasted it himself he agreed, the salt was overkill. Paneer tikka masala was your standard fare..nothing stood out. I would have to think that maybe the owners think they can get away with serving sub par indian food, since Im sure this restaurant doesn't get many people of indian origin visiting.   So to sum it up, I have got to believe that Vegas has better indian food than this place. I'm quite shocked at all the positive reviews from some people! Maybe next time I will go to Gaylord Indian Restaurant at Rio.
I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine. To clarify, not the blandest Indian food that I have ever eaten. The blandest food period.  I appreciate them trying to serve healthful Indian food, but there is no excuse not to use all those wonderful Indian spices.   Nothing was good about the food. My husband and I eat a lot of Indian food, and we couldn't believe how void of flavor everything was. I think this place is why we stopped bothering to find a good Indian place when we visit Vegas.
Our second time at Origin India, and it was as good, or better than the first time.  We had tandoori chicken for appetizer - the best tandoori chicken ever.  Not that dyed red stuff you get most places, but moist, tender flavorful dark meat chicken (our fav!)  We ordered papadums and it arrived with two dipping sauces which were fabulous.  The papadums were light and delicious.  We then had lamb shank, baked cod and sag paneer, all of which were terrific and 2 orders of garlic naan  (oh the naan!) to sop up all the delicious sauces and juices.  Our waiter, Ahmed (an Egyptian, actually) went out of his way to make sure we were happy, and we appreciated his attention to detail.  The decor is simple but tasteful.  This has become our favorite Indian restaurant.  The bartender is on UTube making a couple of the imaginative cocktails the restaurant serves.  We didn't have one, but my husband did have a Cilantro Mojito, different but delicious.    We ate early (about 5:30) but by the time we left at 7:00 the restaurant was mostly full, with a couple of large parties as well.  Everyone seemed to be having a good time, and I know we did.  Bringing the check to the table with the machine to run your credit card is definitely different, but lets you have the confidence that there is no-one fooling with your card.  We like that little bit of safety!
Service was beyond bad, we waited & waited for refills, the check..., will never come back. Food was overpriced, and the server spit when he spoke, so being literally spit on plus waiting when there were maybe 4 families in the whole place.. Food was whatever..but could not get over how bad the service was. What a way to treat my Mom on her birthday :: total fail:: :( it took 2 hours to get out of there
This was the best Indian restaurant I have ever been to. I have had indian food in various states from IL, MI, and now Vegas. They had the most beautiful decor,classy atmosphere,wonderful staff, and the most freshest and purest ingredients ever. Not one thing was drenced in oil. Nothing left me feeling heavy or guilty. I had the chicken makani,aloo gobi, (yes I was sharing with someone else lol) and this spinach and paner dish.....can't exactly remember but we ordered it as a side dish.  Oh and the mango lassi was to die for. Their rice is super fragrent and the whole cloves you could smell a mile away. Best indian restaurant ever. And being in love with Indian food and trying over 2 dozen trying to find the best one......is not at home in michigan its her in vegas. (Aunt lives her....so I will DEF be back) try it! You wont regret it  P.s. my waitress was from sri lanka, I forgot her name....but she was amazing!
Origin India is one of my favorite places to eat in Las Vegas!!! I always come back for the great food and the great service:) I can never remember what I order, but they always remember me and what I love to eat!!! Thanks guys!!!
The absolute best Indian food in Las Vegas.  The best appetizer is the lamb seekh kebab.  So tender (I recommend getting extra mint sauce) I love this restaurant, because I can take first timers as well as friends that love Indian food.    Some of my favorite entrees are Chana Massala (vegetarian) Chick peas cooked with tomatoes and various indian spices.  DELICIOUS.  I prefer it pretty spicy, but I hear it's also tasty when mild.  The New Zealand Lamb shank is absolutely amazing.  The chicken Tikka Makhani is probably the most popular, and best dish for beginners.  If it's your first time, I suggest getting a few family style dishes to share, so that you can sample some of everything.  .
I really wanted to love this place. The menu looked great and the staff was very friendly.   I ordered 2 entrees to go. Stuffed chicken and the tikka masala.  They asked me a few times if I wanted it spicy.  YES, please! (I know I am a blond white girl, but I like it HOT).  I sat and waited for about 15 minutes when the bartender apologize, I could not have the stuffed chicken because it was too "dry".  He recommended the chicken Korma and promised I would like it.  Nope, hated it.  It tasted like dry chicken cooked in whole milk (NO FLAVOR) and super watery.  The tikka masala was so bland, add a little basil and you've got chicken tomato basil soup. Not even a little spice.  They could have hidden the blandness with some heat. Naan was delish.  Over priced for the meal-  $50. Sorry Origin, but I make better Indian food in my own kitchen.
We LOVE this place.  We are Vegas locals and have been here probably a dozen times.  Friendly wait staff, great atmosphere, great food.  The lamb is tender and perfectly cooked.  Go now if you love Indian food!!!
I was in Vegas with my family and grandfather had come with us as well, so we were looking to take him to an Indian food place for lunch. This place had a 4 star rating on yelp so we thought we should give it a try for lunch.  We walked in and the first thing I said to myself was, "wow, this is nice." The decorations were very well done, and it looked upscale unlike your typical Indian restaurant.   Unfortunately, the lunch buffet was atrocious. There were very few choices for vegetarians, a rarity in Indian restaurants. The only vegetarian appetizer was the vegetable pakoras, which they had ran out of when we got there. They eventually made more, but we were already half way through our meal. To their credit, the pakoras were good. They had a half-ass salad along with some kidney beans.   Both vegetarian sabzis were potato based: aloo matter and aloo gobi. Wouldn't you think not to make two very simialar dishes? It seemed like they forgot to put salt in the aloo matter while the aloo gobi tasted like there was twice as much salt as needed. The quality of the ingredients were good, but the taste was totally lacking.  Also, they had rice, but there was no form of dhal. Who eats plain rice? I understand non-Indians will just mix one of the sabzis, but if you are an Indian restaurant, please make the effort and don't cheap out.   Finally, there was no dessert at all. What kind of lunch buffet doesn't have a dessert dish?  The service was bad as well. They clearly paid more attention to those customers ordering off the menu. I had to wait about 10 minutes to get my glass of water refilled, and there were only 3 other parties there at the time.   The other good thing they had was their naan. It was delivered hot and fresh to your table, and it was done perfectly. The only  two things that were good were the naan and pakora.  This place maybe different for dinner or if you order off the menu, but don't even think about going here for the lunch buffet, especially if you are vegetarian.
My friend and I were in the mood for some Indian cuisine. 4 stars on Yelp is pretty good, right? Unfortunately, the best thing that can be said about this place is it has a nice interior, more upscale than your typical Indian establishment. Otherwise, the food was decidedly mediocre and the service was absolutely atrocious, some of the worst I've experienced in a long time. But let's start from the beginning...  On a big banner right outside the restaurant, they advertised a 3-course dinner for two for $29.99. Upon inquiring about this option, our waiter informed us that special was no longer being offered and they've been meaning to take it down. However, they did have a 5-course tasting menu, served family-style, for $45 per person! Now either the waiter was bullshitting us or their website which advertises the same special is out-of-date as well. Either way, this is what you call a classic "bait and switch" and FALSE advertising! We should have taken the hint and walked out then, but we were hungry. Unfortunately this same thought would be a recurring theme throughout the rest of the evening. So we asked what was included in the 5-course tasting menu and were not terribly excited by what we heard and it didn't seem worth anywhere near $90 for the two of us. We asked for a "few more minutes" to peruse the menu.  After about 5 minutes, we decided to get the sweet apricot and raisin naan ($4), chicken tikka makhani ($13), seven spice veal ($25), baby eggplant ($11), and 2 side dishes of chana massala and aloo gobi ($7 each). Oh and we had to pay another $3 for a single order rice because none of the entrees came with any! We ended up waiting another 15 minutes before another waiter spotted us looking a bit perturbed and asked if we needed anything. We told him we were ready to order. I thought he was going to take our order but instead he just told our original waiter that we were ready and would be "right with us". Our waiter was running a couple's credit card with one of those portable terminals right at their table. After the receipt was signed, the waiter continued to idly chat with them for another 5 minutes or so. Then our waiter disappeared into the kitchen or God knows where for another 10 minutes before finally coming to take our order. He apologized for us waiting "a few minutes" (yeah right, try half an hour). I would be more understanding if they were really busy, but less than 1/5 of the tables were occupied. I know, I know, we should've walked out already.  So finally our order is in, but we wait and wait and we wait some more. We continue to watch other customers who sat down after us and ordered after us, get their food first and in one case, actually pay the bill and leave! At this point I am so incredibly green with envy of the customers who have the "other waiter". After about half an hour, they finally bring out all the food at once. At this point, we were absolutely ravenous, but our spirits lifted in the hopes that it would be worth the wait.  Unfortunately, while the food satiated our hunger pangs, it was substandard Indian fare. The naan was not crispy at all but rather thick and gummy. It didn't contain very much apricot or raisin and no chutney, tamarind, mint, or any kind of condiments were offered. The chicken makhani, usually one of my favorites, was kind of bland. It lacked the spicy complexity that a good curry should have. The chicken didn't seem to be marinated at all. It was dry and was probably cooked separately and then tossed into the curry at the end. The aloo gobi was mostly potato and contained very little cauliflower. We both got bitefuls of undercooked, semi-raw potato as well. The chana massala, veal, and baby eggplant dishes fared no better.  During this time, no one stopped by to ask how the food was. Nobody offered to refill our nearly empty glasses of water until we were ready to pay the check. After asking for the check, we waited over 15 minutes before our waiter returned and was expecting to collect the check. When we explained that we still had not received the check, he disappeared for another 4-5 minutes before finally returning with our check. We usually pay via credit card, but decided that we better settle up in cash lest we want to spend another half an hour waiting. I almost never leave no tip, but I'm thinking this is one of the rare situations that qualify. However, my friend lobbies hard to leave at least 10%. As we're walking back to our cars, a Black crack whore tries to solicit us. Ah, a fitting end to such a memorable evening!  Here's the executive summary: nice interior ambiance, over-priced mediocre food, horrendous service. I am sorely tempted to give this 1-star but since the food was at least edible (except for the undercooked potatoes) I suppose it just BARELY merits 2 stars. Take my advice: save your money AND time. Don't do it. Just go somewhere else, like Mount Everest, Namaste, or Samosa Factory.
I may have just been lucky, based on some of the previous reviews, but I have been to this restaurant multiple times and will continue to come back.  I always try to make an excuse to go to Origin even though its not on the strip when I'm in Vegas.  The multiple occasions I have been there include a Thanksgiving dinner with my family (lots of vegetarians so Indian food was perfect!), an intimate dinner with my wife, a bachelor party, and a 40th birthday.  In every instance the food we ordered was spectacular and the drinks were the perfect compliment.  Our most recent experience was a 40th birthday party celebration.  We had a group of 12.  The menu had already been determined in advance in order to avoid the hassle of trying to get a group consensus on what to order.  Indian food is best enjoyed family style.  We had a wide variety of dishes:  Appetizers- Mixed Appetizers: Samosa's, Lamb kabobs, Tandoori Shrimp Main Entrees: Family Style: Chicken Makhani, Bhindi Massala, Lamb masala, Saag Paneer Sides: Plain Naan, rice, raita, mint and tamarind sauces Dessert: Kheer and gulab jaman  The service was great, the food delicious, and the bartender made amazing drinks.  Make sure to ask Joseph to create a drink for your party from scratch.
Great taste, nice atmosphere, okay prices.
LOVELY PEOPLE, FOOD, and EASY PARKING  Decorated like ZGallerie, it's warm in colors and dark wood.  The people absolutely lovely that work here, and absolutely responsive and accomodating.  The food is excellent.  It's across from the Hard Rock hotel, and offers a shared parking lot...with ample free parking.
Indian food is one of my favorite types of food! We have been coming to this place in the last 5 years.   I must say food and service get a bit worse every time we visit.  This used to be our first spot to suggest when we have visitors from out of town.   But these days I am hesitant as I am not sure what the experience will be that particular day.  Portions used to be larger and prices were lower.  Also hotness of the food seems to be very inconsistent.  I have ordered hot before and did not think it was spicy enough and on other occasions we ordered medium to hot but it was so spicy no one could even eat.  It was a bit embarrassing as we were there with friends and we had hyped up the place so much to them.   Nan bread has always been good!  5 stars on the Nan bread! I agree with some of the other reviewers services is a hit or miss, and yes, the staff is not the friendliest! Hope they improve and I would love to continue coming to this restaurant!
Good food, excellent service, nice atmosphere. That being said, it's a bit overpriced and pretentious. The menu looked like upscale Indian, and lacked some basics. When the food arrived it wasn't any better than your average mom & pop Indian formulaic shop. I admit the bread basket was heavenly. We were introducing some friends to the world of Indian cuisine and would have been happier elsewhere.
The staff:  Good staff.  Helpful, un-intruding, and inviting.  Maybe not as knowledgable as I would have liked; had some interesting things to say about the wine that were untrue.  I don't think he meant to lie to us, I think he actually believed the things he was telling us.  The goods: Naan bread was scrumptious.  We all ordered a little of everything, and everything was delicious.  I didn't try the lamb (not really a lamb eater) but from what I heard it was no exception to the rest of our table buffet.  The atmosphere: I couldn't stop staring at the lights.  They've got killer lights.
We were told great things about the lunch buffet so we decided to try it one day for lunch. When we got there we saw a very nice restaurant but no buffet so I asked the woman at the front specifically if they still did the lunch buffet. To which she answered yes. So, we sat down and waited and waited and waited for a server to come over and finally a man came over to bring us some water. He asked if we had been served and we said we wanted more info on the lunch buffet. He got terrified and said someone else would help us. So, the lady I originally asked about the buffet came over and we asked her for information about it. She then said that they werent doing the buffet for a couple of weeks so they could change it. WTF??? I asked why she specifically said that she had it and she said that she was sorry because she never heard me ask that. THAT WAS THE ONLY QUESTION I ASKED!!! What did you say yes to? How does that even make sense? I don't like feeling like she said what she thought we needed to hear just to get us in the seats. We just walked out after that. Thats a terrible way to do business.
Decor and service were excellent. The food was great, and the naan basket was really yummy. However, the pricing is a little ridiculous. Example, a $9 chicken appetizer with only about 4 bites of food. I wouldn't come back here without a coupon, but with one I probably would.
I found this at Groupon and decided to try it out. I'm not Indian, but I'm a sucker for Indian food. So far, I've tried other Indian restos here in Vegas that I would recommend than the Origin India. The ambiance is pleasant, but as for the food, they did not taste very Indian-ish to me. They were spicy but they tasted plain. It was not a terrible experience, since the service was not so bad, but food quality wise, maybe try somewhere else.
I have traveled the world and experienced delectable Indian cuisine. I have eaten at many Las Vegas Indian restaurants and can affirm Origin India Restaurant & Bar is, in terms of yelp,  "As good as it gets!'. I would go there for the food alone but worth mentioning the service is excellent as well. Further, reasonably priced considering food and service.
The best Indian food. Service is fantastic, and the portion and quality of the food is amazing.
With all the hustle and bustle of Las Vegas, it's nice to find a place where you can take your time and enjoy yourself and your food. At Origin India, the decor is simple and chic with Hyderabad written all over it. Contrary to the popular Indian buffet, Origin India offers an a la carte menu.   Dishes on the left side of the menu with "Traditional Dishes Served Family Style" come without rice. Dishes on the right side of the menu under "Entrees" come with rice. I recommend ordering from the left side, then getting a side of rice. It comes out economically more friendly and portions, according to the server, are equivalent.  IF you're an herbivore, they're vegetarian-friendly and will have provided you with (V) next to any items that are vegetarian. They also have a vegetarian menu slipped in the middle for your green delight.   To the food...  Home-style chicken curry scented with kaffir lime leaves and smooth onion tomato sauce: I was curry-ous to see how this dish would turn out. My curry hopes were curtailed and there was much more tomato flavor than I would have hoped for. The density was just right, perfect for dipping naan, and if one enjoys tomato sauce with naan, one should order this dish. I, for one, was still curry-ous afterwards.  They have an amazing selection of naan. Their naan is very aromatic with the oven's flavor baked right in. I ordered the  Cheese and Chilli Naan: great oven-baked flavor, very cheesy and went well with the tomatoey curry. Fluffiness with stretchy paneer... yum  Dal Makhani: black Urad lentils cooked with garlic, butter and cream; these bad boys were so delicious, spiced just right with a savory lingering flavor even after you've swallowed. This was on the Vegetarian menu, but we got it as a side, so it was only $7. On the bill, it showed up only as $6. Score! Every dollar saved is another dollar to eat some more!  I intertwined my meal with a tasty  Mango Lassi: smooth and frothy yogurt with natural mango flavor to tantalize my tongue.  As tasty as this drink was, the next dish I had which is the  Oven-baked baby eggplant in Hyderabadi sesame, peanut sauce tempered with curry leaves, mustard seeds and whole red chillies: but it was so disappointing. I only tasted sesame seeds and peanut sauce, but they must have forgotten the pinches of salt.  This dish was made up for with the Vermicelli Pannacotta. Three squares of vermicelli creme with lychee jelly... like something someone would think to make on "Chopped."  Food was 3.5 stars. Ambience was 5. Service was 4. Try this place at least once. I'll be back for a third time.
My sister and I used the "$20 for $40" promotion last night at Origin India. It was my second time eating there but my first time since going vegan (my sister is vegan, too). We had pretty much decided on what we were going to order when my sister asked our server, Senad, a few questions about butter, meat broth, etc. He said, "You're vegan? We have a vegan menu," and took our menus and returned with a comprehensive two-page all vegan menu. My sister and I were pumped! The only problem with the vegan menu is THERE ARE NO PRICES! That really annoyed me. We asked Senad what the prices were and he said something along the lines of, "oh the prices are just like the regular menu." Not good enough. It seems so strange to go to the trouble of making up a whole vegan menu and then not provide prices.   The food came out quickly. We ordered 3 vegan samosas ($7) and they were fantastic. The rest of the food came out shortly thereafter. We ordered Baingan Bhartha ($11), Aloo Gobi ($11), and Bhindi Masala ($11). Since none of those dishes come with rice we ordered Pulao Rice ($4), which is basmati rice with saffron. We also ordered Roti ($2). Everything was delicious. The Bhindi Masala (an orka dish) was my favorite (I think my sister's, too). It had a lot of different, intense flavors. The Baingan Bartha (eggplant) was really good, too. It had a little bit of a spicy kick. The Aloo Gobi (curried potatoes and cauliflower) was also really good. I am a sucker for potatoes.   Over all it was a great meal. The priceless menu was annoying, and Senad was an overbearing server, but the food and the rest of the wait staff made up for the shortcomings. Excellent food! Vegan friendly. Make sure to ask for the vegan menu.
First time eating here and I have to say "I'm coming back". I finally found a Indian Food restaurant, I will continue to go to. It's a bit higher in price for certain foods, however well worth it. We had the "Rogan josh New Zealand lamb shank with sun dried ginger, tomato and Kashmiri chilli" which is delicious. Another of my favorite was the "Eggplant crushed with cumin and ginger".  Great Food, Service was okay; waiter took a tad to come take our order yet overall a good experience.
Our daughter got food poisoning from the undercooked tandoori chicken.  We went to this place because of a living social coupon. There prices were astronomical.  $40 will barely get you two entrees.  The food tastes okay, but we've had way better for a fraction of cost at hole in the wall Indian lunch buffets.   They do not use traditional Indian names for their dishes making it hard for those familiar with the cuisine to know what you are ordering.
So I've eaten at Origin India a handful of times and have had wildly different experiences.  If I were to have judged based solely on the time I came for a lunch during the week, I might have gone with two stars.  They didn't want to serve me off the menu, the server was rude and unhelpful, and the food wasn't anything special.  Or there was the time I came on a late Sunday afternoon and I didn't have anyone even talk to me for the first 20 minutes after I had been seated....   So, why am I going with four stars?  Well, when this place is good, it's five-star good.  The servers are friendly and attentive, the food is tasty and flavorful, and you can usually find a deal to help on the cost.  The restaurant itself is beautiful and makes a great date spot.  We are always seated quickly even when the place is packed.  Usually we have someone ready to get our drink orders asap (except on super busy Sunday afternoons) and they are pretty good about refills.  My husband and I always order the same items at every Indian restaurant: a mango lassi, garlic naan, vegetable samosas, saag paneer, and vegetable korma.  All of these are done well here.  I wish the mango lassi was a little bigger and the garlic naan a little more doughy, but overall everything is great.  This is the place where I found enormous chunks of cheese in my saag paneer and that put a big grin on my face.  Just a few fyi's: sign up for their frequent diner card and get $15 off every time you spend $100, find coupons through yelp/restaurant.com/etc, I've noticed their food is a tad spicier than other Indian places so be careful if you don't like heat, I don't really recommend coming at lunch considering the difference in service I've had at dinner time, their food is a little more upscale so they may have some different items than other Indian restaurants.  All that being said, the majority of the time Origin India is great.  Just please don't hate on me if you catch them on a crazy Sunday afternoon.
Very nice Indian restaurant, Food was good and the place was very modern and upscale.   Prompt service and friendly staff.
I would describe this place as modern Indian dining. The presentation of dishes like the homemade paneer cheese tikka appetizer (stuffed with apricots and raisins, marinated in coriander and basil glazed in Tandoor, pickled red cabbage) looked like something I would get at a French restaurant.  This place isn't the norm and it was just what we were looking for this evening.    Having a $25 restaurant.com coupon in hand didn't hurt either.  AND we got a free appetizer just by checking in on Yelp! WEEEEEEEE!!!  What an excellent selection of vegetarian dishes!  My wife gets saag paneer at Indian joints like she gets filet mignon at steakhouses like she gets green curry at Thai restaurants.  EVERYTIME.    I got the Khadi Paneer (House-made Indian cheese and mixed bell pepper cooked in tomato sauce) which was delicious however we were already at maximum paneer overload after the appetizer.  This was out fault for not thinking this through.  It certainly made for a great lunch the next day though!!  The service was very attentive and filled up our water glasses promptly.  I'll be back!
Amazingly good. If you want a place off the strip that is slowed down, quite and has great food and service, go here.
My husband and I have been huge fans of this restaurant. We used to dine here almost every month. However, during the last few months, we have noted some downsides which has lessed our visits. Seems like the previous chef has left and food esp vegeterian is not as tasty. Prices have increased a lot. I loved their fusion cocktails but price has increased from $10 to $12 per drink. Prices are like a top level restaurant but food, service, quality and ambiance is no where close to a top level restaurant. My husband still enjoys their signature lamb chops and New Zealand lamb shank. Their appetizers and cocktails are awesome, I just wish the prices were more resonable. We love our server Abel, he makes our visit special every time.
Good naan and Punjabi veggies. The restaurant was nice and staff was friendly.
Amazing service!!!! I cannot explain how nice and professional everyone was here.  The food was wonderful and price were very affordable.  From the decor to the food to the service everything was wonderful.
The best Paneer Tikka starter ever! The breads were good, a little heavy though. Kadai Paneer was okay. Punjabi kadi was very good.   Ambience and service was upscale but so are the prices.
This is a very nice restaurant. It's about a mile from the strip, and right across the Hard Rock Hotel, but the food was quite pleasant. It's one of the pricier Indian places I've been to, but I wouldn't say it's overpriced, because the quality really is great. I got a lamb dish that had a nice spice to it, and the garlic naan was good also! Very filling meal. Check this place out if you're ever near the Hard Rock Hotel area!
My first outing to Origin India was with a lovely group of piano students and their fabulous teacher.  About half of the group was new to Indian cuisine and I think that they were suitably impressed -- and satiated -- after the meal.    Located right by the Hard Rock Cafe, about a mile from the Strip and super close to UNLV, this Indian eatery is on the pricier side, but the food quality and the interior decor reflect the spendiness well.  Warm rich wood tones and relaxing browns and beiges dominate the interior, with pops of colour and tastefully chosen wall art.  Can I say this place is "modern Indian?"     My party chose a variety of dishes (paneer, lamb curry, lentils, okra, etc) and everyone was happy and stuffed.  Tasty sauces, pretty presentation.  Nothing I had was super spicy, which will make those spice-phobes happy.  (I didn't ask, but I'm sure you can request more/less spiciness.)  A few of the kiddos had room for dessert (aaaah....to be young again with unlimited stomach capacity and high metabolism....).  I did not.  I'll check this place out again when I want to be close to the Strip, but not on it!
The service has been great both times we have visited and the food is consistent and flavorful! We will make sure to visit whenever we get to vegas!
When eating at a restaurant most Americans would classify as "ethnic", I judge it firstly by the patrons.  If the people dining there are of the same national origin as the food, I know it is going to be authentic.  This was the case at Origin India last night.  The majority of diners were indeed Indian.    My roommate and I went last night.  As we walked in we were greeted by a lovely hostess who was very friendly and seemed surprised that I had made a reservation.  Hey, I saw the option on the site and gave it a shot.  A reservation really was not necessary though.  There were plenty of open tables in a restaurant that, from the outside, looks small.  Just because there were plenty of tables available does not mean there were no diners.  There were several tables being used.  As we were seated towards the back of the restaurant I looked around and quickly felt relaxed.  It was dimly lit and I could hear Indian music playing softly in the background.  On the table was very heavy silverware and giant fancy folded cloth napkins.  Our server was very attentive.  He came by frequently to ask if we were ready to order and again to check if we were enjoying our dining experience.  We were.  I ordered the chicken tikka makhani in the entree size (smaller portion served with rice).  My roommate ordered the family size home style chicken curry.  We both ordered naan.  I got the wild mushroom naan with truffle oil while he ordered the fresh garlic naan.  It was not unlike a good fresh pizza crust.  It was fluffy with a slight chew.  Very good for sopping up the left over sauce from the meal.  My makhani was good.  The chicken was very tender.  The sauce has a great spice.  The basmati rice was light and airy.  Amazing.  The chicken curry was good as well.  The sauce had a strong tomato flavor.  It was not quite like spaghetti sauce but reminiscent of though it had a curry taste to it as well.  What made the curry good was the fresh cilantro added on top.  It was refreshing.  I am going to give Origin India four stars today though 3.5 would be most accurate.  The service could not have been better.  The food was very.  I enjoyed it thoroughly.  It is , however, priced high for the amount of food you receive.  I was not starving when I got home but I was not full either.  For $20 a person I expect to be full upon leaving and have leftovers to take home as well.  This was not the case.  Had it not been for my Groupon offer I would not have eaten here.  For this I must demote them to a 3.5 star rating.
Fantastic place. Real Indian flavours. We ordered Sag Paneer, oven baked eggplant, and chicken tikka masla and each bite was delectable! Amazing!
This place offers so many specials and coupons, yet they seem to be very picky about using them and redeeming them. We had gotten a groupon deal but when we were paying they said they couldn't accept the groupon because wasn't in their database yet and we would just have to pay and they would email us another one... never got that email of course! :-/  Although this did happen we went during the lunch buffet and it was pretty good, but $16 for an indian lunch buffet is way too high and there's a lot of competition in this town. We only went here because we had the coupon and it ended up costing us extra in the long run! Super annoying! Rarely complain about places, but I won't be going back there...
I really don't understand where all the hype is coming from, while it was decent, it is nowhere near 4 star status.    I thought that the prices were pretty expensive during lunch.  We went on a Saturday lunch and they didn't offer any specials, except for the $30 Prix fixe meal for two.    The food was okay, but I expected a fuller, richer flavor as the items seemed a bit bland to me for Indian food.  One of the chicken items tasted like Orange chicken from panda express and the other chicken dish used so much yogurt in it that it completely drowned out the spices, not to mention the impending bloating (dang Asian lactose intolerance genes!).  The rice wasn't aromatic like other basmati rice that I've had and the naan was a bit too thick for my tastes as I like 'em thin and crispy.  I checked in on yelp and received a free appetizer, but the waiter gave me a little bit of flak for it because they said it wasn't on their system.  I was NOT about to pay $15 for 3 small pieces of dry lamb chop.  He finally conceded after tasting some of my Chinese haggling skills.  I probably wouldn't come back, there's a whole bunch of other options in Vegas to eat at.
Origin India is my favorite Indian restaurant in Las Vegas.  Although you will pay a bit more for the food here than many of the other Indian places, it is well worth it.  The atmosphere is serene and the restaurant definitely is well kept and clean.    The food is always fresh, ingredients are top notch, and the presentation is amazing.  The service is very attentive also.  Some of the items that are exceptional include:  chana massala, kebob platter, samosa, chicken tikka makhani, and of course the garlic naan.
Actually was really good. It's in the shopping plaza across from the HardRock hotel tucked in the corner.  Decor was really cool. Music--and I like music--eclectic from Frank Sinatra to Indian Techno it was all over the board.  They have a small bar that sits maybe 5, IF you should encounter a wait but I'd be surprised on that one.   I will say it's pricey. They have a $15, 3-course prix fixie for lunch but you have to ask for it.  If not you are looking at $25+ entree for lunch which is no $5 foot long.  Appetizers were delicious, food was great actually.  I would go back but make sure you bring your wallet  :)
If I was rating solely on food quality and taste, I would give 5 stars. Adding in pricing and service makes me remove 2 of those stars, though.  The website currently says there is a drawing for tickets to London, which the waiter says was 2+ years outdated. Listed right below that on the website is the happy hour deals, and we would not have been offered those had we not known to ask. I felt as if the waiter was doing us some kind of favor by taking our order. Aloof would be my best descriptive word.  I would highly recommend the chicken chilli fry appetizer. Delicious! The lamb curry and black lentil makhani were very good also. I was very disappointed that the carrot cigar dessert has been discontinued. That was the main reason I wanted to go today. I did not even try to use the Yelp coupon after reading the complications people have run into on other reviews.  If you are visiting and staying on the Strip, this restaurant is very convenient. We parked about 10 feet away from the entrance. That's a plus! If you live here, I am sorry to say I would not drive out of my way to go here.
OMG....this was the best Indian Food I have ever had. Came in with no expectations, and ordered Veggie Samosas...amazing! Then chicken dish was off the hook. Service was really good too. Felt like I found a great restaurant to return too. Thx Origin!
Had garlic naan and chicken tikka and it was very good. The sea scallop app was greasy and overpriced. Overall good meal.
Used the Yelp $20 for $40 deal. Wasn't worth it even with the discount! Food was overpriced and not that good. The service was excellent and I felt bad because they tried really hard but the food was mediocre. (Hence the 2 stars for the service and cute decor. The music they played was kind of odd as well; contemporary music which seemed out of place!)   Back to reviewing the food... The lamb curry was neither lamb nor curry. Kind of bland and Americanized. Wanted to feel the intensity of the curry and taste the gamey-ness of the lamb meat. The kebab sampler was okay. The prawns in the sampler were delish (but you only get 2!!) but the rest of it was average. I have had better food at a food truck. I really appreciate value for my money and I don't mind spending a lot but I want to have a dining experience where the food is delightful and wows me. And for $25 a plate it did nether delight me or wow me. Too bad I really wanted to love this place and make it my go to Indian spot. I will continue my search! =(
I've been to OI several times over the years, and it seems they get better each time.  I think they move back and forth between old school and noveau, but each time it's been delicious.  Their staff is well trained  to interpret customer nuances and are very knowledgeable in their craft.  Last meal? Veg samosas ( non-traditional but tasty wrap, scrumptuous filling) and chicken tikka (perfectly grilled, seasoned and juicy).  Followed with delicious saag paneer (cheese quality was phenomenal, wonder if they actually make it in house or they buy it) and the kabob platter, scooped with plain naan.  I was not that impressed with the lamb, but still good...and the tikka this time around was just a bit dry.  Those two details and the slightly higher prices (with a la carte breads & rice) may take away a bit, but not a full star.  Great meal, great service, very comfortable and tasteful ambiance (definitely Indian, yet with a very crisp feel).  Every meal? Maybe not...but definitely perfect for a night out or special hangout.  Well done OI!
It was a little over priced for me, I used the yelp deal, but I dont think i would return without it. The food was good, but not any better than the lower priced Indian restaurants I've been to.
Amazing food.. Loved their Old Delhi style Chicken Makhani & Garlic Naan.. Yes, pricey but then it's Vegas and I dont mind paying more as long as the food is good! Went twice.. Will definitely go again..and again!
Very expensive with less quantity . If you are going for ambience then I would give 4stars but food with the money you spent is not worth it:(
This is my go-to Indian place.  They have deals on Groupon most weekdays--$15 for $30 worth of food.  That's more than enough during lunch when they have their lunch specials: 2 appetizers, 2 main dishes and 2 desserts.  During dinner, I use that to order my usual: Veggie samosas, Chicken Tikka Makhani, Basmati rice and 1 side or dessert.  Very filling!  The samosas here are well made and not as greasy as other Indian restaurants make them.    The manager is a very nice guy!  He remembers us each time we visit.  I had bangs then no bangs between 2 visits and he didn't want to say, "Welcome back!" to my boyfriend because he thought maybe he brought in another girl!!  I found it hilarious.  So the manager has your back, haha.  The wait staff is very prompt w/taking your order, refilling drinks and getting the check to you.  Pricey w/o deals from Yelp or Groupon, but still worth it either way.
I guess this is the French culinary approach to Indian cuisine: very light and delicate flavors. Compared to the more rustic Indian restaurants I've encountered, I would say the food here is bland. But if I had no point of reference from which to stake a comparison, I'd say the food is tastefully seasoned.  I started with the grilled paneer tikka appetizer: a mildly seasoned tower of fresh cheese. I loved getting little flashes of char from the grill on my tongue. The tikka sauce was sparingly placed on the plate. It was satisfying yet light, and also not terribly flavorful. I had the chicken tikka makhani as my main course. Paired with the garlic naan, it turned out to be tasty, but once again lacked any real punch.  The dining atmosphere is quiet and elegant with a pleasantly minimalistic decor. I would eat here again. The menu options are unique and I'd like to explore them a little further. However, I left the restaurant feeling slightly ambivalent about the food. Maybe one of these days I'll drop back in: after I've forgotten how unmemorable it was.
This was our first visit to Origin India, and we were here for a charity event.  The restaurant is very attractive, modern, and upscale, and there isn't much in the decor to identify its ethnicity.  The lighting is soft and just right.  Our group filled most of the restaurant, but it's a testament to the very good service and attentiveness of management and staff that they were able to accommodate walk-in diners as well.  Our group was served a buffet that was set up on a large, round table covered with a tablecloth.  It was an elegant change to the usual steam table lineup.  All of the dishes available to us were vegetarian, most likely chosen by the organization for religious-ish reasons.  There were vegetarian samosas, first bite-sized, later replaced with standard ones, and they were very tasty.  There were potato fritters, naan, vegetable biryani, and a scrumptious paneer dish that was spicy, but not enough to induce fire-breathing.  Bowls of raita, and the standard coriander and tamarind sauces also graced the serving table.  Servers removed plates promptly and were constantly refilling water glasses, and the manager was present and hands-on.  Our dinner included a drink, but we had only a few choices.  I had a mango martini, small but delicious.  The restaurant has a full bar.  I looked at the menu for the purpose of writing a concise review.  Many of the dishes are unique to Origin India.  I've been to many, many Indian restaurants, and there were more than a few that I've never seen anywhere.  The descriptions were very enticing.  On the down side, the menu is considerably smaller than most others, and the prices are high.  We will definitely be returning, though probably for special occasions because of those prices.  But I am giving Origin India a definite high-four!
Best Indian food I have eaten in Las Vegas
This is THE best Indian restaurant in Vegas. The food is very tasty. The service is awesome. The staff is very friendly and the restaurant is very clean.   The Chicken Chilli and the Kebab Platter are my favorites. My wife loves their Dal curries.   One thing is keep in mind is that if you ask for HOT food, you will get hot food. So if you are not sure, ask for MEDIUM instead of HOT. I love HOT food but I realized that their HOT is really Indian hot than the American hot which you find in other Indian restaurants.  If you visit Vegas and you like Indian food, then this is the place to go. Period!
My boyfriend and I took his parents here prior to going to a show. The service was great! We had three apps, a few entrees, dessert and bottled water. The presentation was great, although I considered the portions small. They didn't ask us how spicy we wanted it and found it too Americanized. Normally its a good assumption that Indians will prefer Indian food traditionally. Total bill was 150 plus tip. We will be back but remember to ask for extra spice
Went to this place during my trip to Vegas. It was on the list of places I got a discount on for the bite card thing they gave me through booking my trip to casablanca express. The food was so yummy! I ordered...you know what, I don't know what I ordered, but it was a veggie dish, vegetable dumplings with like yogurt sauce or something....my hubby ordered the chicken stuffed with prunes and mushrooms....it was good! We also ordered a plain naan and got a free appetizer for checking in (stuffed mushrooms). I wasn't really a fan of the stuffed mushrooms, but the rest of the food was delicious. I thought the food wouldn't be enough, but the food was actually too much for us in one sitting. Just the right amount of flavor, and our food didn't smell like it would be seeping out of someone's armpits later on in the Vegas heat.   The atmosphere was calm and dark and romantic, lots of candles....and people slowly began to trickle in as evening wore on.
We were not actually planning on eating here tonight, but as we walked by the smell of the Indian food was just to good to pass up. Now we have our regular Indian restaurant that we love, but that is on the other side of town and we were meting friends close by, so Origin it is.  The decor is nice, the private dinning areas are very nicely done, a different tone from the normal Indian restaurant for sure, it would echo what was to come.  If you are expecting your normal Indian restaurant menu, you're in for a shock, however, on closer inspection, the regular menu items are there, just hidden behind the words of someone who had way to much time on their hands when the menu was put together.  For example :  Old Delhi style corn fed chicken tikka makhani prepared with ground spices and fenugreek flavoured tomato makhani sauce.  The vast majority of Indian places would simply call that Chicken Tikka Massala,    But you get my point, study the menu and the regulars are there, also, the wait staff were more than happy to run through the menu.  There are also some "non-standard" dishes, but those will have to wait till next time as we were really in the mood for Indian comfort food.  So, Chicken Tikka Massala and Chicken Korma were ordered, along with a couple of plain naan and one Wild mushroom and truffle oil naan.  The food took about 15 minutes to come out of the kitchen, it then dawned on us both that they had not asked how hot we would like the curries, mmm, could be an issue, I like mine hot, but the wife likes hers very mild...Luckily for us, they were both mild, but then again (Indian food eaters are laughing) a Massala and a Korma really shouldn't be that spicy anyways.  The plain naan was good, the mushroom naan was very good, it actually made for a nice combination when eaten with the massala sauce.  As Frank S pointed out below, the flavours are very light and delicate, now, IMHO this is not a bad thing, especially when first being introduced to Indian food, the Korma was actually spot on, the massala needed a little more flavour to be just right.  So would I recommend Origin...Certainly, it is a decent Indian restaurant and even more so if you are just stepping into the wonderful world of Indian cuisine.  Are there better in town, yes, are the worse in town oh yeah.
Dinner last evening on a hankering for Indian. Excellent service.  Creative menu. Extensive Scotch selection.
The food is great!  The ambiance is quite pleasant. The service is absolutely atrocious & they should be ashamed & embarrased to operate in a city with such highly acclaimed dining.   I've been here many many times (so it wasn't just once or twice), unfortunately, I kept going back because it's quality Indian food & I needed my fix. Soooo, I started to take it to-go...FAIL!  Miserable FAIL! Take out orders, really??  Good grief!  Last time I did take out, he answered and said, "call back". WHA?  You don't tell customers to call back??  I called back because I was intrigued, he put me on hold for 10 minutes, no joke, I timed it because I was so irritated. After he finally answered, I said, "are you finally ready to take my order?" he simply replied, "yes"   LMFAO!!! WHAT, are you kidding me??  What a joke!  The supervisors don't even seem to be concerned because after I've addressed issues in a pleasant and polite manner, even they cannot handle guests.  When you treat people poorly, they will eventually stop tolerating it.  I'm done. Won't be back EVER!
Good: 1. Food is pretty good. 2. Prices are reasonable for Indian food. 3. Good service.   Bad: 1. If you get there at a certain time they will make you wait until that time's menu is available.   I'm not a fan of Indian food. My tongue cannot handle the spiciness this food typically contains. However, I was in Vegas and this town is about leaving your ol' self at home and trying new experiences.  So, I walked in to the restaurant and they were celebrating an event. They server told me that I had to wait 'til 10 pm to place my order. I waited patiently, and one of the owners came over and apologized.  He went ahead and took my order. I tend not to eat fish anywhere, so he recommended the Old Delhi style corn fed chicken tikka makhani prepared with ground spices and fenugreek flavoured tomato makhani sauce, served with pulao rice.  I took it to go. When I got back to my hotel room. I seriously prayed it would not be too spicy.  I grabbed a spoon and went for taste: Ummm, not bad. Hot ,but not... wait, crap, spiciness coming in... where's the rice? Found it! oh! yeah... that's better. Not bad. Ok, let's continue.  So, it was basically like this for the rest of the meal; 1 or 2 spoonfuls of Old Delhi chicken and rice.  Overall, I would def. come here again. It is the only place I've found myself liking the food. I've gone all over the world trying Indian food, except India.
I came here for dinner for a birthday party. They were very accommodating, the restaurant decor was nice, their food was good, and prices were reasonable.  I'd certainly come back  here as it was a very pleasant dining experience, but from the 6 dishes I tried that night nothing really stood out as amazing.  I can easily recommend this place to others looking for a good Indian restaurant to eat at, I just don't have a dish that they "must try."  (Does that make sense?)
Mediocre food and the worst attitude I have experienced in a long time.   Went for dinner on July 3 and ordered 4 Biryanis which were OK but the Raita which came with it was good for one Biryani. When pointed it out they said that's the standard quantity so we ordered more Raita, no Problem still. Ordered some desserts but nothing great there as well. Gajar Halwa was too sweet and luke warm, Ras Malai pieces were broken (happens if they are not fresh) and was not cold as its supposed to be. When the bill came it had few (4-5) items we didn't order. Thankfully my buddy caught it and when he pointed out to the manager he was not apologetic at all and behaved as if he is doing us a favor by correcting his mistake.    Anyway next day we saw a deal on Groupon next day so we thought lets give it another shot and try their Buffet.  We were a big group so bought two different coupons and they said one coupon per table. We offered to sit on two different tables but the waiter smiled and said it's ok and pointed us to a big table.The spread was good but the food was again OK and very heavy, one positive was that they brought fresh Nans to the table which were soft.  When the waiter got us the bill they again said that they can't accept two coupons. We called the manager and he said "I am not sure what the waiter said but I see you sitting on one table" . I don't mind these small things usually but its the attitude that sucks, forget about accepting the coupon there was no apology in case the waiter created the confusion. This is the level of service when they saw us second time in two days .  Bottom line didn't feel that the management/ staff is courteous and and the food tastes edible but is pretty greasy and heavy. May be try another Indian restaurant next time.
I bought yelp $20 deal for $40 and went w/ 2 coworkers for their $15 for 3 course meals - choice of appetizer, entree, and dessert.. I love their appetizer - chicken fries.. the portion of it is great, not small, and the sweet and chilli (jst a bit) sauce enhanced the chicken fries' taste! Then I chose the chicken tandoori, which is a bit sweet and not spicy at all.. It comes with garlic naan, which is my FAVORITE! Love it.. Then I chose the rice pudding as dessert.. Everything was great and elegant. The restaurant is classy and clean, service was great.. definitely will go again..
The food really wasn't that great. The chicken tasted microwaved in the chicken curry dish we ordered. The customer service was dismal as well. They were pretty restrictive on their yelp check in offer. My wife and I usually split entrees. We were required to each order an entree. Most resorts in Vegas don't offer a fridge. I hate throwing away leftovers.
Indian food is definitely one of my favorites, so I'm very picky when it comes to it. While Origin isn't one of my favorite Indian restaurants, it's pretty good. They have great garlic naan bread and their veggie samosas are good as well. I'm not a huge fan of their entrees, however, their desserts are pretty tasty. I really enjoyed their Gulab Jamun, Mango Kulfe and this poached pear dessert they serve with ice cream. I can't remember the name, but it was on the menu when I was there last week. If you like pears, try it!
09/16/12 BRUNCH  I have dined here many times. Mostly dinners, a few lunches. It remains my favorite Indian+ restaurant in Las Vegas. It's NOT typical Indian, which is one reason I like it so much. It's a bit more expensive than the rest, but it's worth it.  Yesterday Origin India began offering a buffet brunch. Saturdays and Sundays only, from 10am until 3pm, $14.95 per person. I went today, the 2nd day the brunch has been offered. This is, hands down, the best Indian+ buffet I have had in this town. It's on a gourmet level, the way the dishes were prepared. Not too heavy, wonderful spicing, divine. Again, UNUSUAL stuff in this buffet. I had so many favorites. I'm only sad it's not a DAILY buffet!
Fell sick the next day. Ruined Vegas trip
Love food here, one of good restaurants here in Las Vegas. Love the food from menu, dont like buffet.
PLEASE SEE Way below for the original review, originally was rated 1 star.  The manager attempted to contact me after my review & here is the message. I do give them credit, hence the upgraded 2 stars for actually listening to their guests and attempting to make things right. But in all honestly, I was burned too many times to consider going back.    Ganesh M.   One month ago Hello Ma'am my name is Ganesh and I'm the manager over at origin India. I read your review about our restaurant and to be honest with you this is the first time I am hearing about this situation. Did you get the food delivered or did you pick it up from the restaurant. If you picked it up from the restaurant would you be able to describe the person that took your order? It seems strange that I have no recollection of anyone letting me know about these situations for I would have corrected it. We would like to get to the bottom of this situation because it is very damaging to our restaurant if this situation has happened. We would like you to come back and give us another chance for us to change your mind about our restaurant. Thank you for your constructive review and please visit us soon.   _______My response:  Jen C. Sir, I appreciate your response. And I always feel horrible giving a business a bad rating, but it's a constant & consistent problem your business has.   I've been to your restaurant MANY MANY MANY times and literally every single time the service was horrible!!! So I started to do take-out and then even the take-out was just a joke.   So that's why I will not come back to your establishment which really sucks for me because I think the food is terrific!   One note I will give, is one of the many times visiting, I attempted to use an opentable check, which is just like a travelers check. Which you are supposed to accept since you are on opentable.com The servers and supervisor that night had no idea what it was and refused to take it. That was one of my many disappointing trips in. For future, I would suggest you educated your staff on ALL payment methods.  Thanks.
Best samosa ever!  I was really impressed by this place considering its tucked in a strip mall.  We stayed at Hard Rock Hotel and just crossed the street to dine here.  It was really delicious and clean.
Excellent Indian restaurant to go to! I ordered the Saag Paneer and a vegetarian curry dish(sorry folks, the name of the dish eludes me) along with a Naan that had raisins and apricots in it. This meal was easily the best meal I had in Las Vegas on this trip! The food tasted amazing and I always bypassed on sweeter Naan before in the past but no longer! It was delicious! I did take out and met up with Steve at the hotel. The service was fast and friendly! I will make a point to seek this place out next time I am in town!
I love this place. The food and service is above par for me everytime. I have taken so many people to enjoy dinner w/ me and  have always had positive remarks from my guests. I used to pay a tiny bit less for food at a buffet that would be sitting out all day. Origin india's food is always fresh and has an explosion of flavor. My girlfriends and I always order extra because we love to have to the next day after a night of partying! Will be going back! I recommend this place I have tried Indian restaurants in La, NYC, and All over vegas. I still have this on at the top of my list and my second favorite is Bollywood in LA.
AWFUL.  I am sorry I come from Edison, New Jersey where you have a lot of indian restaurants that are amazing including buffets with restaurant quality food.  I travel a lot and have to admit this is one of the worst Indian restaurants I have ever eaten.   Honestly I have had better Indian food in Kansas City. The food had no flavour.  I think my mom could cook better than this.  The buffet has no rhyme or reason to it,  there are choices like Fried fish and then you have paneer with some weird sauce and vegetables.  I eat Indian food twice a week and was really disappointed.  As I spoke to a few people in the restaurant, most were tourists so you get the impression that they probably do not have a lot of repeat clientele.  Would not recommend and will not go back.
I can honestly say that this is the best Indian "fine food" I have ever enjoyed.  Yes, I've had the typical home-made delicious cooking, served at homey restaurants and cafes; I've had the authentic fare prepared by our Indian friends. But I have not previously enjoyed the REFINED Indian cuisine, like Origin India presents.  For our dinner, we started off with an order of vegetable samosas and tandoori black tiger shrimp.  The former was presented almost like a Stonehenge arrangement (!) of 3 samosas; the dough was slightly crispy, yet moist; the filling was smooth and flavorful - not dry; and the flavor was further enhanced by the delicious tamarind and mint sauces.  The tiger shrimp, 3 per serving, were absolutely heavenly -- cooked to perfection, with that perfect texture when you bite into it, which tells you it was not overcooked even for a second.  We also devoured the keema naan:  it is practically impossible to find the fresh, made-to-order version,  with raw minced meat stuffed into freshly prepared naan dough, and baked together.  We've given up hopes of ever tasting this simple, yet tantalizing bread offering: and Origin India's version was sublime...  For the main course, I selected oven baked baby eggplant with lemon rice; my husband ordered Rogan Josh - New Zealand lamb shank with saffron rice.  Simply put - both dishes absolutely superseded our expectations in presentation, taste, seasonings and satisfaction.    My eggplant dish came with a rich sauce, perfectly seasoned and with the right spice notes; the vegetable was cooked just right: soft but not mushy, preserving the form and texture.  Rogan josh, rich and complex in flavors, essences and aromas, was prepared in a modern western style of leaving the meat on the bone: so this is not "your mama's kitchen", but if you open your mind, and let your senses enjoy the experience, you will, no doubt, have only praise for the chef.   To end this heavenly meal, we shared the gulab jamun - and, again, were amazed at the flavors, softness and richness of this "too-common" dessert:  it is definitely "home-made" at the restaurant, and I would wager done so on daily basis, as the balls are soft & supple, and infused with the scent and sweetness of the syrup.  This is not a texture & flavor that would be preserved if these were pre-made and pulled out of a fridge.  Bottom line - be good to yourself: make the time to experience this fantastic restaurant.  I will certainly make a point to return before I leave town, because I know for certain I am yet to find anything this incredible, creative and enjoyable  in the fine Indian cuisine back home.
Yes, I made it back before leaving Vegas: this time, we did the tasting menu, and I am still gushing!  After our first dinner at Origin, we mentioned how much we enjoyed the experience to some Indian colleagues. When we returned a few nights later, we were very pleasantly surprised to see them there, as well. And they, too, absolutely loved their dinner.   My recommendation remains firm - come on an empty stomach, ready to eat: excellent food, fine presentations, super service,  attractive decor and overall an extremely enjoyable evening.
To continue with my exploration of Indian lunch buffets around town, I invited a friend from UNLV to check out Origin India's version.  My experience at Origin India prior was limited to one visit for dinner years ago which I was completely unimpressed with the flavors (or lack thereof) that I experienced then, but I was willing to give it another shot due to my having experienced much more Indian fare since then (I pretty much guessed what I wanted on that visit), and plus my Currygeous Indian Eats list here on Yelp demanded it!   Pro tip: it never hurts to plug your own lists or reviews within other reviews.  Upon entering, the dining room looked as nice as a I remembered it, and there were only a few other tables with diners which was a stark contrast to what I'm used to at Mt Everest or Mint.  Origin's buffet offering is new, so perhaps this will change over time.   In addition to less customers, another big difference was in the options of food.  I don't know exact numbers and maybe it was just perception, but it seemed like Origin had quite fewer dishes available than Everest or Mint.    I've adopted a "one plate" rule with Mt Everest and Mint due to severely overstuffing myself each time if I don't, but Origin's plates are decidedly smaller so I allowed myself one return visit to the food offerings on this occasion (I'll use any excuse to eat more).  On my first plate I had some rice, chili mint chicken, some potato dish, goat curry, and a dish made mostly of peas.  I thought the flavors were quite nice on each one, but particularly was fond of the chili mint chicken.  It had quite a kick to it which I enjoyed and the chunks of chicken were nice and juicy, and this was all while having scooped out the last of what was in the tray in the buffet line.   This brings me to one of the issues I had: 15 minutes after originally going up for the first plate, I went back up and the chili mint chicken had still yet to be refilled.  Now normally in a buffet filled with a plethora of offerings, one item missing wouldn't be so bad, but with the shorter list of options and what is clearly one of the more popular items, I thought it was inexcusable it wasn't constantly being filled.  In fact, I didn't see a lot of freshening up of the options while I was there.   One could argue that due to the lack of customers perhaps not many of them needed more, but it would have pleased me much more to know that I was likely to be eating freshly prepared food than ones that could have been sitting out for some time.  I'm willing to excuse this a little given that they're new to the buffet game, so hopefully this improves over time.     My 2nd plate since there wasn't any chili mint chicken to add to it ended up being fairly sparse with just some more rice and a couple curry options I hadn't gotten to try originally.  They don't have any sort of helpful guides on the dish name cards to let you know which ones are vegan/vegetarian friendly so proceed with caution!  It was a satisfying meal, and service was good with fresh hot naan brought out a few times and drinks refilled at a dizzying speed.  Price was about average (I think, to be honest I didn't pay much attention).  Ultimately though it's impossible for me to not compare it to Mt Everest and Mint for their as of now superior lunch buffet options.  Less options and less constant refills of those options along the line will lead to less visits from me to Origin.
Had the lunch buffet for 14.95. All the basics included. As good as any Indian buffet I've had, and I like to think I've sampled some good ones. Certainly won't find a better deal on the strip for this quality.
This was a good deal. got a sweet yelp deal and the food was pretty authentic. The place was more uppity than i thought but who cares. food was great!
We had a groupon that we needed to use so we came here for dinner. We ordered the garlic naan, samosa, chicken marsala, and the origin India platter that came w paneer cheese, lamb sausage, chicken, prawn and some lentil/bean type of soup.   Pros: - Can never go wrong w chicken Marsala and naan.  - Samosa was yummy  Cons: - Seemed like there was only 1 waiter and so it took awhile to get his attention - By the time I got my platter, my food was not hot so eating it semi warm made it gross. The prawns didn't seem like they were well cooked or over cooked. Rubbery on the outside and a bit mushy on the inside.  - Menu was too complex. Like most high end places I guess. I hate reading. Lol. Not a lot of choices  Overall, I felt out of place there. I prefer to go back to India Palace. The environment is just more friendly and more welcoming. The waiters and waitresses there are more attentive.
We brought in a groupon here Thanksgiving weekend--I simply don't know why the place wasn't super packed! The food was delicious, aromatic, and on the unique side for Indian. They carry a great wine selection. The service was impeccable (it almost put the strip's fancy restaurants to shame, no joke), and the decor is awesome. I definitely recommend this place to locals willing to venture close to the strip and deal with the traffic, but also tourists like myself who are sick of waiting in line and paying too much for mediocre food elsewhere.   I'll be back next time I'm in town!
Good food.  Somewhat overpriced.
This review is for their Sunday lunch buffet.  I came in with my SO who loves Indian food.  The place is tastefully decorated and clean.  The food is tasty and spicy but not overly hot.  I liked the vegetable dishes more than the meat dishes, the sag paneer was outstanding, the lamb meatballs were delicious.  The naan bread was soft, fluffy, and warm the way it should be.  And the beetroot pudding was to die for.  The SO liked everything, although he thought the lamb dish (not the lamb meatballs) was just so-so. The girl who served us, however, did not ask us if we wanted drinks.  She assumed we wanted water.  Before we left, my SO said "thank you" to her, and she did not say anything back at all.  She must have been in la-la land, but we thought it was weird.  The SO was impressed with the food, however, so we'll be back.
In terms of authentic taste and service this is by far the best Indian restaurant I have been to. It was very clean and had a soothing atmosphere.  The lamb was perfect, highly recommended. More then enough food too and makes a great lunch the next day.   Most menu items are on the $16 to $25 dollar range which is very reasonable for dinner and the quality.  I will be back to check on the weekend brunch.
Not sure it gets any better than this. The staff are amazing and the food is outstanding. We took guests from out of town, there were 6 of us. Not one complaint and lots and lots of enjoyment
Good food, had to get it re-done because it was swimming in a pool of oil. Went there for lunch and apparently, there was only server and one assistant for the entire place..our food was very delayed. However, they do have a good menu and the food is certainly tasty.
AMAZING!!!! We had the Vegetarian Chef Tasting. Every course was better than the last-fresh ingredients and perfect flavors. You cannot beat the naan-the garlic was my favorite It is soooo much food that we had an entire meal for the next day, so it was DEFINITELY worth the price. The service was also great, and all staff members were extremely helpful and friendly.
Interesting, different menu items... My Dad really wanted to try something with, I think ox tail on the menu... I had something with duck...   Now I know why they're "interesting and different" for Indian Cuisine...   Sorry... It just did not sate our palates...
Used a $25 for $50 groupon and was pleasantly surprised.  I normally only eat Indian food during buffets because i want to be able to try as many things as possible and i got use to eating a variety of foods at the same time.  The groupon allowed me to try the 6 things on the menu and i was able to take them home afterward.  What was so surprising to me was the service it was the best service I've had in a very long time.  The quality of the food was excellent.
My boyfriend and I ate here on 3/13 for restaurant week, wasn't expecting much since Indian restaurants in vegas are sub-par at best.   Well, the appetizers were disappointing. The chicken was ok: nothing to write home about, the stuffed mushroom was really gross, the lamb kebab was way too spicy and the fish was dry (luckily they brought out mint chutney and tamarind sauce).  I was relieved that the entrees were better. The tandoori chicken was excellent! Lentils were ok, lamb was pretty good. Couldn't keep my hands off the naan :) so yummy.   A piece of advice: skip dessert. My panna cotta tasted like jello and bf's doughnut holes tasted like pancakes -___-   Service wasn't great, decor was alright. Probably won't go back.
When we first arrived we ordered drinks and they were out of the first three types of beer that my boyfriend tried to order.  I ordered a chicken dish while he ordered vegetarian and the food was fantastic...until 4 hours later when I was sick with food poisoning. It was great going down but I didn't enjoy being extremely ill on vacation.  My boyfriend never got sick and enjoyed his leftovers.  I enjoyed the ambiance but I don't think I'll ever be going back. Stay away from the chicken!
when you lay out money at a restaurant, you really really really want it to feed not only your stomach, but your soul.  and Origin India does exactly that.  the chicken makhani is heaven in your mouth, perfectly spiced & melts in your mouth, just like "butter chicken" should.  the service was sweet and impeccable, so friendly.  it felt warm and inviting.  there aren't many restaurants i've been to that i would actually go back to (simply because there are so many restaurants in Las Vegas to try,) and i always want the next new fix.  but Origin India breaks the mold for me.  i'll go back and bring my entourage with me :).  thanks guys.
I don't even know where to start... WE LOVED IT! My husband and I went here on 4/1 with the Groupon that we bought and we were expecting an "ok" experience...boy were we wrong! IT WAS FANTASTIC! Everything from the service, our waiter Amad, the atmosphere, to the FOOD was awesome! We ordered the Lamb Kebab as an appetizer and that was super flavorful and moist. For our entres we ordered the Hyderabadi Chicken....OMG! SUPER DELICIOUS! The flavors exploded in my mouth. Creamy, just the right amount of spice, and a hint of coconut...PERFECTION! We also ordered Lamb Vindaloo, very spicy and great taste. Make sure you order the Raita with this dish to cool off your palate. :) Naan...oh the naan! Fresh, warm, and super soft! Was perfect! For dessert we ordered the Poached Pear with ice cream...I've never had a poached pear before and man, I've been missing out! It was very good and the ice cream was a nice addition. My husband and I are still ranting and raving about what a great experience we had and what AMAZING food we had! WE CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK!
There is a noticeable decline in quality here since my first review so I am lowering the rating.
They had a stall at the convention center. Awful is an understatement. I only went there because they had vegetarian food, but the rice was undercooked, the vegetables were overcooked and the Dal was not cooked and smelled burnt. Yikes! Next time, I will rely on Kind Bars rather than go here. Really bad.
LOVED this place! Came here as part of a group of seven, which is perfect for this type of restaurant, because we were able to order a bunch of dishes and try a little of each.   We started with the onion bhajis and Bombay bhelpurri. The latter is puffed rice mixed with onions and tomatoes in a tamarind sauce. I'd never tried this dish before and it was very tasty. The puffed rice gave it an interesting texture different from most dishes you typically find in an Indian restaurant.  For our mains, we shared the the lamb vindaloo, chana masala (chickpea curry), Rajastani paneer and southern grilled fish. The fish was a bit disappointing (lacklustre and slightly overcooked) but the other three dishes were excellent. I'm not a huge lamb fan so my favourites were the chana masala (very spicy and flavourful) and most of all the Rajastani paneer. This was a paneer (Indian cheese) dish in a carrot-based sauce that also contained bell peppers and cashew paste. Again, I had never tried this particular type of paneer before, but I absolutely loved it and will definitely keep an eye out for it in Indian restaurants in my 'hood. It was rich, creamy and delicious.  The atmosphere was I suppose what you would expect in an Indian restaurant (Indian-style decor but with a lot of modern touches), with the exception that instead of Indian music, they were playing random pop music. A little out of place with the atmosphere I thought, at least until later in the evening when it becomes more of a "bar" atmosphere.  Overall, the service was very good and we had a great experience here. It's located a short cab ride from the strip but more than worth a return trip if I'm looking for good Indian food in Las Vegas.
Good food open late all other restorant close @10pm they open till 11:00pm employee so nice great taste food quiltey is so good and close to casino I love this place biger plaza there u want anything everything is there good location
We came here with a group of 6 for a late lunch - and all enjoyed the lunch buffet.  For $12 you get a full lunch buffet - complete with at least 5 meat dishes and all the other things you expect at an Indian buffet.    We came here after attempting to eat at another Indian buffet nearby that was too crowded and had a 20 minute wait.  I'm not sure why that place had a 20 minute wait and Origin India didn't - but I would encourage anyone looking for a lunch buffet to try this place first!    The curry cabbage was delicious and very spicy - I wanted more of it but couldn't handle the heat!  The servers will bring hot and fresh naan to your table.  3 trips to the buffet later, I was ready to unbutton the pants and take a nap.  Too bad I had to return to work.     Overall, this is one of my favorite Indian places for lunch buffet.  The staff is friendly and the restaurant has a beautiful ambiance to it.  There is a little bar inside as well for those looking for a cocktail.  And for $12, you can't beat the price for the quality of the food experience!
The worst place ... Manager doesn't know how to manage and the server does not know what to talk..  Idiotic place
had visited this in Apr 2012, and you know what I had liked it... everything was good there.. try this..
First, this restaurant DOES NOT come up on Yelp, as of the time of writing this. It shows it has been reported as out of business. Not sure which Yelper has something against about this place, but it is definitely open!  We got a groupon for $25 for $50. No problem honoring it and food and service were very good!  I will revise this posting later once Yelp shows it as open again.
Very good food
I adore this place. It is clean, has a nice ambiance, friendly service. I have tried many different items on the menu and I have never been disappointed. The eggplant literally melts in your mouth! Highly recommended!
Raja the owner is true gentleman and community activist who really, really cares about being an enlightened citizen. Food reflects a keen attention to detail.  I recommend this restaurant highly.
I love love love this place , my husband is not really In to Indian food but he always eats everything up from this place. We originally found it on groupon , the first time we went it seemed  very slow (for dinner) but this last time it seemed steady. They have a great wine selection we ended up ordering two bottles. Also the food is amazing. Best Indian I've had in Vegas. I love the large selection of naan bread! The servers are great and professional, I can not wait to go back!
I came here with my boyfriend on our Vegas summer trip. I had seen this restaurant on Rachel's Vacation and wanted to give it a try. It was my 21st birthday dinner so I wanted to try some cocktail. The bartender recommended a few drinks for us and I decided to try something that had ginger in it (I forgot the name). It was crazy strong...I didn't eat before drinking it so I got really sleepy. Anyhow, we ordered the nan bread with mushroom. The nan were fresh and tasted okay.  We ordered two entrees, one seafood and one lamb. My fish was very boney, bland and hard to eat. My boyfriend got the lamb with some spices - it was not good at all. We had a really bad experience with the food. I'm not sure if we ordered the wrong things but ours were not good at all.
We went to origin with a groupon.  Though the food was good the service needs a lot of improvement. We don't go out to Indian food very often because it is soooooo overpriced in vegas and we often make our own instead.   We tried it because of the groupon.  The service was disorganized and not the friendliest.  I think only one guy actually smiled.  Our child has a lactose allergy and the waiter told us they could separate out the cheese naan.  They forgot.  There was confusion about where they put the groupon and our bill had to be redone.  Nothing too big a deal but the lack of friendly attentive service was surprising considering the expense.  The food itself was some of the best we have had in vegas.  There are not that many good Indian places here.  Don't know if I would go back considering the prices and mediocre service.  BTW if a decent Indian place ever opened with significantly lower prices like they have in other cities, we would be there EVERY week.  I don't know whats up with the jacked up prices for Indian food.  We end up going out for Malaysian or Aftican food as an alternative that is more affordable. Also, I am married to an Indian and so we know our Indian food.
Excellent dinner on Friday night. Great wait staff and food was delicious. Different that India Palace and Ghandi's. More "fusion" maybe? Nice mix of northern and southern Indian cuisine. Reasonably priced. Great location for us locals who like to avoid the strip. Right across from Hard Rock Hotel, on east side of Paradise.
Everything was amazing!!! I purchased a groupon for this place to try out and will be going back and paying full price!!!
Delicious food and wine. They catered to all our needs. Loved the customer service.
Had the chicken makhani w/ rice and chicken naan. Food was great and our server Tony was very informative and helpful.
I saw good reviews on yelp for this restaurant and I went there for late lunch.  Good part is - they are open throughout the day so you can go there anytime you want.  I went with my family and we ordered all veggie items.  Restaurant ambiance was good. You generally don't find Indian restaurant with good classy ambiance often. Food was also nice. Couple of things  I did not like --  1: Their service.  They are very very slow. We had to wait quite a long time after we ordered food.   2: They did not greet well when we entered in restaurant. (Hardly anyone noticed) 3: We had to call someone to take order. No one came to ask whether we are ready for order or not. (we waited ~10 mins which is long time)  4: After we finished, we had to call them for check. (we again waited ~5 to 10 mins)   Overall, its good place for good indian food with good ambiance.  You need to be patient for slow service.   Giving 3 stars because I am not satisfied with their service. (For food only I would give them 41/2)
Good food and service. A bit pricy - 85 for two with tip included shared app and food. Food is authentic and presentation was unique. Although you can't get too unique with Indian food.   Place was packed on Thursday night which became our decision factor to enter and eat.
The food was fresh and delivered to our table promptly. The service was excellent and my overall experience was four stars. I did find that the prices were a little expensive for Indian food however it was worth the trip.
This was my first visit, and I came in with a $30 for $50 coupon I bought on Yelp. Upon entering the restaurant the wait staff were friendly & greeted me. Before I made my order I asked if one of their korma dishes could be modified (chicken instead of goat), and they accommodated me with no problems. The food was delicious and my waiter was very attententive. I'll definitely be coming back!
I have been fortunate to have traveled the world, and have had Indian food in the two best places- Britain and India. I rarely find a restaurant outside those 2 countries that have decent food, but I must say, that this one does. The service is impeccable, and I have not had anything that was short of delicious. They ask how spicy you want your food and they prepare it just that way- perfection.  I have eaten there 3 times now, and will go back on every visit to Vegas. If you are a Curry Connoisseur, you will not be disappointed with this place.
I love this place! Romantic, sexy, great staff, and the food is delish! Definitely my go too spot in Vegas for Indian food!
I was craving Indian food. So I googled Indian restaurants. This place had a good rating so I thought I'd give it a try.     There palak paneer was really spicy. Didn't like it. Very disappointed. It's not suppose to be spicy. Palak Paneer is my ultimate favorite Indian dish! So I was sad! My husband got the chicken tiki masala. Not realizing its $16 just for chicken in masala sauce!!!! It was good. Chicken was a little tuff though. $16 for that is just ridiculous!!! Tried the lemon rice and it was terrible! No flavor and way to many poppy seeds! Who wants seeds in there rice!? not me. Tried the garlic "nan" (tortillas) that was good! So for two dinners w/rice and tortillas we spent $45. That is just outrageous!   food is not that great. PRICES ARE RIDICULOUS!!!! And it's far from my house. Won't be going back!
Wow, I'm blown away, could well be Las Vegas' best Indian! :)
Came here for some take out the other day and had the ol wtf?! moment when I got home. Here's why... The Cabana Salad with added chicken tikka ($10.50) was disturbingly poor. First off, for it to be even a $8 salad (w/o the chicken added) is insulting. It's similar to a side salad you get at McDonalds (yes, this exists). It even had shredded cheddar cheese on top. I'll repeat this. CHEDDAR CHEESE and chicken tikka. Together. WHY? To boot, the tomatoes were wilted, the chicken tikka was dryer than a popcorn fart and I would comment on the dressing but they forgot to give it to me. So, know this going in, they can't even make a salad right... and it costs over ten dollars.    The rest of the meal was a step up (how could it not be?) from the salad. The Chana Masala was average (a bit greasy) and the naan was baamb.   My advice? Grab an order or two of naan and dip it in your fave sauces at home. Better yet, find a place that makes great naan and something else to dip it in. NEXT!
They need to add some dark chicken curry to their menu.
I had never eaten Indian food before but it was a great place to dip my toes into the complexity of the Indian cuisine. Both times I've gone was for their lunch buffet and I qualified for a discount on it for being UNLV student which was great.  Attentive staff, lovely atmosphere, and delicious food!
The food here is just awesome! We have been here twice and not been less than impressed. The tasting menus are a great deal. The service here is really amazing! Our server both times was Ahmed. He is a fine gentleman and a great server. Ask for him.
The food was very good on the day I ordered delivery from here. The portions were a bit smaller than most Indian Restaurants. As long as value is not your main criteria the food was very well prepared and tasted excellent. I will definitely order from here again and even though delivery tends to take an hour here in Las Vegas, they arrived in 45 minutes.
Eh-ish.   I will say this - most of their food was good, but in my opinion, it was very overpriced for a reason unknown to me. I think sometimes it's because it's closer to the strip?? We paid almost $200. That's a lot of money in my opinion. I have a hard time with it because I can get just as good Indian food in a 100% comparable location nearby.  We came here on Friday night with some friends. We had 4 dishes, 2 appetizers and 5 drinks total.   We had  -  3 beers 1 wine 1 Martini Stuffed mushroom - Very weird for me. It was a very blunt taste of curry, yogurt and a uncooked mushroom that was breaded. Saag Paneer - Very good Shrimp Tikka Masala - Sauce was very tasty and rich.  Lamb Rogan Josh - The sauce was okay. I felt they used a little too much curry and it over powered the dish with that and nutmeg. Chicken Mukhani - We actually don't think this was the right dish. It came out and the sauce didn't taste like it normally would for chicken mukhani. It was a bit thinner and not thick like butter chicken typically is.  Lamb Vindaloo - good flavor, nice and tender meat.   Overall - the service was not good. It took us over an hour to get all of our food. Mainly because the waiter was not coming around to ask if we were ready to order. It was not busy, maybe 5-6 tables total. On Friday nights at 7, it's packed at a lot of places. So, that could be a sign if they're not busy.  Again, the food was good - not amazing for a pricier menu. The location and the building itself does not call for higher prices. Neither does the service.
For me, this was some of the best food i've eaten in a very long time.  I don't know why it's getting such a bad rap but here's my experience.  It's a cozy restaurant with the perfect amount of lighting for a date, which I took my wife.  They have a nice wine selection list.  The service was spot on, we were attended to just the right amount.    I ordered the spicy lamb curry... and let me tell you, the lamb was so perfectly cooked that it literally fell apart in my mouth and the flavors and textures could not have been better.  I also ordered the lemon rice which if you like rice at all, it's beyond amazing.  Lemon rice + spicy lamb curry = foodgasm.   There was only one hiccup.  I like spicy food, like biting into a jalapeno hot so I did have to send it back for the chef to add a little more kick.  But that's just my personal preference.  The only thing that I didn't like is that rice or bread did not come with the entrees.  With that being said, the food was so phenomenal that it's getting five stars from me.  also my wife had some eggplant dish that I tasted and it was fantastic as well.
The service was dubious. Very over priced $5 for rice $3 for side of sauce, entrees $14 for veggie and upwards of $35 for meat.  Indian food should not be anywhere close to this much especially when served with a frown.
Caveat: my parents were in the restaurant business in Los Angeles when I was a kid. In the Indian food restaurant business. I know my Indian food. I know what's good, what's not so good. Years ago (like 5), I went to Origin India and was blown away by the food. It set the bar for Indian food in Las Vegas.   I took my daughters (7 years old) to Origin India a few weeks ago. Figured it's time they're exposed to their peoples' food. The place still looks the same (which is quite nice, actually). The gentleman who waited on us was very friendly. He even brought my daughters out free Mango Lassi's. The lassi's were delicious. Reminded me exactly of those served in my parents' place in LA (now long gone).   For the kiddos, I ordered plain Naan, tandoori chicken and plain rice. For myself, the vegetable biryani and lamb vindaloo (my favorite dish in the world when done right). And a Kingfisher, which if you haven't tried it, it's a fantastic beer!  Overall, I was pretty underwhelmed by the food.   The naan seemed flatter than it should be but tasted good. The tandoori chicken was a little on the dry side. Not unlike that you'd find at an Indian food buffet.   The vegetable biryani was a complete disappointment: mushy rice, too wet, soft and flavorless (probably canned) vegetables.   The lamb vindaloo was not good. It kind of tasted like vindaloo but mostly didn't. It's hard to explain but the flavors just didn't seem developed enough. You could tell there were spices and flavors in there but they just weren't coming through. The funny thing is, when I took the leftovers out of the fridge to eat the next day, the sauce tasted a 100 times better. I'm guessing the vindaloo sauce wasn't allowed to mix and marry for some time like it needs before being served.   Despite really friendly service, we won't be back.
Tried this place on a Saturday night in Vegas recently. Surprisingly the whole place was empty at peak time. There were lot of customers in other restaurants in the same strip mall, so its not as if this place was unique.  We entered and we were immediately impressed by the decor and ambiance. They also had some nice music playing and flattering lighting.  The restaurant may be struggling as they had a Groupon deal running when we went there and also have a Yelp $15 for 20 running right now.  The issue could be with their pricing. The entrees were about $15+ for vegetarian and $20+ for Non-vegetarian. Typically, either bread or rice is included with entrees, but here it was separate. So its like they have 'on the strip' prices for an off the strip restaurant with less value. Nevertheless, we liked the food, service and ambiance. The server/host was welcoming, he made it clear from the beginning that he can only accept one Groupon per table (we had 2) which is a fair policy. Despite applying the deal, there was no difference in service. We ordered the tadka daal, aloo paratha and some chilli paneer. Out of which, I would rate chilli paneer the lowest - as it tasted more indo chinese and was super sweet. The daal was really nice and aloo paratha was fresh and not frozen crap. Our friends tried the chicken and lamb and also liked it. Our Indian food standards are pretty low coming from Austin, TX - but we had just returned from India so the taste of amazing Indian food was fresh in our minds. In the end, the servers even offered to pack our left overs for us, which was a nice gesture. No hassles with billing or the check. All in all, if you crave Indian - go for it.
This place is great! Food is amazing. They have a really reasonable lunch buffet as well.
This is a good restaurant in Las Vegas.  The Ambiance and Customer Service is good.  They Provide very good quality food.  If you are going for Dinner,make sure to reach their before 10:15 PM.Their kitchen closes at 10:16 PM,after that you cannot order ..
Hands down my favorite Indian Food Establishment in the Continental U.S.    I used to live in Vegas and frequented Mt. Everest on Sahara, and upon a recent vacation in Vegas a friend recommended this place.  It is so good that I would almost consider moving back just to be able to eat here more frequently.  It is THAT good!    Mango Laasi was exceptional, as was the Saag Paneer.  The Hyderabadi Chicken was out of this world - the coconut milk gave exceptional balance and flavor and it wasn't too rich, as many cream-based dishes can be.    I also love that Origin India has a naan sampler basket.  Makes the decision easy - garlic, regular, cheese, or spicy - how about ALL!
OFFSITE DELISH  Typically food at the LVCC is just terrible and it's always the same boring food every day like pizza and burgers. So I was excited when I saw that Orgin India had a location inside the South Hall Las Vegas Convention Center. I discovered it during setup and could hardly wait for them to open up on Monday, during the first day of the show. What I really loved was the different menu for all 4 days. No food kiosk here does that kind of variety or even changes their menu like that.   There were two options to order. For $13 you could get one meat choice & one veggie choice with rice, bread & sauces and for $16 you could add on two more items of meat & vegetable.   On day one, I ordered the Chicken Makhani, Lamb Rogan Josh, Tadka Dal and mixed vegetables. I must say that everything was delicious. My favorite was the lamb because it was so tender. It melted in my mouth. I really loved the sauce from the Chicken and I mixed it in with all of my white rice. The lentils in the Tadka Dal were really good too. After finishing my delicious lunch I only knew one thing, that I could not wait to eat lunch here again tomorrow.   On Day two, I ordered the Lamb Vindaloo, Chicken Karahi, Dal Makhani and Gajjar Aloo. The spices were all amazing again. But I thought I wasn't going to get lunch here because the line went down the convention show floor. Obviously word had spread about the amazing food here. The secret was now out. I thought about getting out of line but decided to stay. I must admit the staff served everyone fast and I had my food in no time at all. I was so happy that it all worked out.   Then on Day three, I ordered the Chicken Curry, Lamb Tikka Masala, Sag Aloo and Chana Masala. Everything was amazing and such deep flavors. The potatoes and spinach in the Sag Aloo wouldn't win any awards for looking beautiful but for taste that dish was a perfect 10. Again the lamb was very tender like it had been all of the previous days I had eaten here.   I was sad on Day Four because I could not make it over here to eat. I just hope that Orgin India continues making food at the LVCC for future trade shows.   I also was lucky enough to get to meet the owner Raja. He was a very nice man and I also told him thanks for delivering delicious convention food. He told me that he had another food cart in the central hall. Wow he is a busy man. I also praised his choice of making different food every day. Raja suggested I try his mango yogurt drink called Mango Lassi. It was both refreshing and yummy, in fact I could have had this drink for a full meal. On my walk back to my booth a few people asked me where I got the bright orange color drink. It was a real attention grabber.   I must also talk about the yogurt on the side. It is so good with fresh cucumber, carrot and spices. It is probably the best yogurt I've ever had. I was also amazed at the fresh herbs and spices they used to make the food. On two different days I found real cinnamon sticks inside the chicken dishes. There is nothing like fresh ingredients and it really shows in the taste.   So if you are lucky enough to be attending a show at the LVCC I would highly recommend that you find either one of their locations. It's not likely you find Indian food on the show floor of a convention center. I am happy to have found this place and to have met Raja. I wish him much success but I know he doesn't need it because he cares about his food and his customers. He is a very rich man in my book. I look forward to my next trade show in Vegas because I know where I'm eating my next lunch.
This is the first time I've ever had Indian food and I liked it a lot. My boyfriend had a restaurant.com certificate so came in on Saturday night to have dinner. There  were maybe 2-3 other tables the whole time, which is sad because it's really nice inside.   We ordered the lamb skewers for an app, and then I ordered the HYDERABADI CHICKEN and my boyfriend ordered the Chicken Mukhani. Our server brought us an app but it wasn't the lamb and we didn't know until after we ate it. It was this spicy chicken and apparently the server accidentally sent it to the wrong table. They were super nice and told us to enjoy it and then they brought our lamp app out. The lamb was actually lamb patties, not skewers, and it was just ok. The chicken app we got on accident was delicious but very spicy.  Both of our entrees were simply chicken in a curry-type broth and then we got a side of rice. My entre tasted exactly like this Thai curry that I make at home. LOL. I LOVED it! Honestly, my boyfriend's entre tasted very similar as well, with less of a coconut taste. We were stuffed by this point since we had two appetizers, so we had a lot left over to take home.   The service was good and we got our food fast. It's a fun little date spot.
Origin India always tastes great! It's a little pricey, but they always have a Groupon so check that out first.
Very great service and great food ,, we had samosa chat and aloo tiki chat , it was very flavor full reminded me of India street food , main course goat meat curry , daal Tarka , shrimp tikka masala and chicken chilli , every thing was top notch especially goat curry home made , so tender and the sauce was perfect , only thing we don't like it is was the chilli chicken portion had like 5 small cubes of meat and a bit pricy $17  for that ,, keep it up guys ,, whenever we visit to vegas I will definitely visit you guys or suggest other , a bit pricy but great test makes it forget all that ..
Prices are a little high, but they've had a Groupon running continuously for a long time (at least a year, since we moved to Vegas), which will save you $15-20 per visit.  Without that discount, I'd knock off a star and wouldn't visit nearly as much, but hopefully they'll keep running the deal.  My wife and I have gone at least a dozen times and the service and food are always consistently very good.  The food (we've only tried vegetarian dishes): - Plenty-large servings (I have a hearty appetite and have never come close to finishing an entree, especially a paneer). - Most vegetarian entrees are excellent; flavorful, appropriately spiced, and very filling - Side rice dishes (the ones at $6 and less) are large but a bit plain; I've seen better at the same price at other Indian places.  The more expensive rice dishes aren't close to worth it. - Good variety of veggie dishes, though two are a bit greasy (the Baigan Bharta and Bhindi Masala) and they don't have Mushroom Masala. - Paneers are all very delicious, especially the Paneer Makhani and Paneer Rajastani which are exceptional. - If you want them, you'll need to ask for the those complimentary thin lentil chips before your meal (they used to always be provided without asking but they apparently stopped doing that; however, they are happy to provide them upon request)  The establishment: - Plates and silverware are very nice, not cheap - Seats and well-cushioned, high quality, and comfortable.  Nice tables. - Bathrooms have above average furnishings (granite counters, stone tiled walls) - Good overall furnishings, easy lighting, not too loud; excellent for a date or conversation - Music is usually appropriate though once they were oddly playing 80s music  The service: - There is never a long wait for our food, even when they are relatively busy - Some of the waiters are a little on the reserved side (maybe it's an Indian thing?), but all of them are always very polite, friendly and clearly eager to please without being overbearing.
Very nice servers. Great Vegetable Samosas, and a calming atmosphere outside of the heat.
Have to agree with other reviews.  High quality tasty food in a very nice ambiance just a little pricey for off strip.  Bread and rice were extra.  Had 1 entree 1 skewer rice and desert water and the bill came to $52
This is the second time we visited Origin India.  The first in 2012 and enjoyed the tasting menu.  The second time was April 2014 with only a vague recollection of where the restaurant was located but enough memory to seek it out we enjoyed it so much the first time.  We were not able to indulge in the tasting menu this time but enjoyed our selections as much as we did in 2012.  The restaurant was fearfully dead the night we went so hopefully other Yelp readers will give them chance.  You will find it worth your time.
The good stuff first...nice dcor, great samosas and chutneys. Great chicken tikka masala (sp?). The bad...the awful shrimp dish...spiced just right but the shrimp was overcooked...how much...obviously reheated, or held too long...like biting into a whole water chestnut. I should have sent the dish back. Did mention it too the waiter...oh, I will tell the chef...no response at all from management...were busy bs..ing at the bar.  Lesson learned by me...just return the 'bloody' dish...just hate doing that though...would I go back...yes, definitely
Service was above and beyond! The bar started off a bit slow but made up for it by being attentive toward the middle of meal. Food is great in flavor. Unfortunately, most recent food experience was extremely salty. Environment was great. From dining areas to the bathroom.
The service is EXCELLENT, and everything that we had was delicious. We asked for medium spice level and that was just right because the food has a kick without losing its incredible flavor. We were in town for a few days and had dinner here more than once. My friend and I decided that I'd we lived in Vegas, we would probably eat here at least once a week!
The food was excellent.  Mysis in law had chicken tikka masala and said it was excellent.  My husband and I had the Baigan Dahiwala.  I'm a wimp and ordered it at 0 heat.  They did an excellent job of doing spice without the heat.  It was delicious!  The garlic nan was good, but the onion kulcha was exceptional.   The service was less than stellar, but the food compensated.  The food at our table was overall a thumbs up.
First time trying Indian food, this place is dark inside, a bit too dark. Once seated we noticed there was only 3 other tables occupied inside the restaurant, a bit slow for dinner time. The food is expensive, especially considering that you have to pay separately for rice or bread. We ordered a chicken mukhani, a lamb nihari and a bowl of steamed rice. The chicken was flavorful and spicy, to my liking but the lamb was a bit plain that it made the lamb overwhelm the dish. Portions were a bit small for such an expensive dish that does not come with rice or bread. Service however was well. We had a living social coupon here, and even with that in our bill it was not all that worth it. Good for an experience but not worthy enough to come back. I would give it a 2.5 but bumped it to 3 because with a yelp check in I got a free manga lassi. This place might be more worth it during lunch or brunch buffet.
I crave Indian food pretty regularly and I'm happy to know that there are a number of Indian restaurants in Madison to satisfy my craving.  The samosa, vegetable pakora, paneer (cheese) pakora are decent.  However, the Aloo Tikki (small spicy potato discs) is very tasty with the right amount of spices.  I LOVE Parantha (layered whole wheat bread made with melted butter) and the Maharani Parantha here are delicious and remind me of when I used to make these with mom.  You have to eat them right when they come out though because that's when they're the best - hot, buttery, crispy and tender.    The Roti Naan is pretty good too.  Made exactly the way naan is (baked in a tandoor oven) except they use whole wheat flour instead of white flour.    The Chicken Tikka Masala is delectable.  The sauce is orange colored, rich, creamy and has nice chunks of boneless chicken (could use more chunks of chicken).  This is also spiced really nicely.  You get a choice of mild, medium or hot for the level of spiciness in your dishes.  Medium here is really good - it teeters on medium and hot.  The Palak Paneer (spinach cooked with homemade cheese) is earthy, spicy and buttery.  This is really, really good.  The only thing about the dish is that the ginger pieces were a little overwhelming.  Dessert Gulab Jamun (it's like a deep fried dounut hole soaked in sugar syrup) has been my favorite Indian dessert since childhood.  Not a lot of places know how to make this dessert right.  It has to be lite and airy not dense and hard.  Maharani makes it just right and hot off of the stove!  It's delicious!
Recently, I had an extremely stressful and contentious day at work and I could think of nothing I wanted more than to visit the Maharani buffet for lunch.  So then I did.  That's how good it is.
I love Indian food, but not "any" Indian food.   While the dining room is clean, and the service is decently good, the food is anything but lackluster. I went to a buffet lunch with friends, and was not at all impressed or even pleased with the food. On the buffet menu are lentil ball appetizer that's covered in yogurt sauce (I forgot the name ... shame on me), pilafs, 2/3 different type of curries (lamb meat and vegetable ones), and few other items that I didn't try. There are also desert, too. Some of my friend particularly liked the balls covered in honey sauce (again, I forgot the name of the dish, but that's what it is).   I'm not saying that the food is bad, it's OK, but not much more. My two Indian friends also share the same review - they told me to go somewhere else for more authentic food.
I recently went to Maharani on a Friday night and was quite pleased with my experience -- good food...pleasant atmosphere...friendly wait staff...reasonable prices...and convenient location.  Yet this was my first time eating Indian cuisine in Madison, so my ability to compare it to others in the area is somewhat limited.  That being said, I found the food wonderfully tasteful and the atmosphere enjoyable.  The naan and dipping sauces were as good as any I had ever tasted.  My spiced lamb dish was so delicious I couldn't stop talking about it after we left.  Unfortunately my companion didn't necessarily share the same level of enthusiasm for her dish (tandoori chicken), but promised that it would not discourage her from making a return visit in the future.  Which reminds me...the wait staff was fantastic!  Very attentive and personable.  I thought the prices were relatively reasonable considering the cuisine.  Both of our dishes cost around $12, and the food portions were sufficiently large.  The clientle during our visit included two older couples (60's), several middle-aged couples (mid-40's), and a family of five with three relatively young children.  It probably wouldn't be my first choice of somewhere to take kids, but it certainly wouldn't be out of the question...depending on the kids and/or the parent's level of patience.  All in all, Maharani provided a great alternative to other local restaurants around the capitol.  When you need a break from Great Dane's fish fry, The Old Fashioned's mac & cheese, or Brocach's shepherd's pie, I would recommend heading down the W. Washington spoke of the square and hit Maharani.
Very average food...at least for the afternoon buffet!  I'd much rather go to Maharani on Odana or India Darbar a few blocks away on Odana as well.
How can you not love their lunch buffet?  $8.95 (I believe) for tons and TONS of really pretty damn good Indian food.  It's a touch greasy, which makes it a great cure for a mild hangover.  Their samosas are above reproach, and the best days are when they have some kind of saag!
This is my choice for Indian food. I go in for the buffet so i don't have to choose which one i want. Favorite would be the curie chicken.
I had never ever tried Indian cuisine before coming to Maharani a year ago.  I don't know exactly how that happened given that in high school (and to this day) I was obsessed with Red Dwarf, and if chicken vindaloo was good enough for Dave Lister it sure as hell was good enough for me.  Yet throughout all of my years in college I never had the chance to have a proper curry.  Part of the reason had to be at that time there were no Indian restaurants downtown to my knowledge.  I knew about the ones on Odana but I never drove out that way, so they just remained on the long list of places to go someday.  I also spent a good deal of my later college years frequenting mostly Thai restaurants whenever I had enough scratch to get a proper meal.  So it somehow came to be that I entered my late twenties knowing only that I loved Thai curry, with a huge question mark relating to Indian food.  Fortunately I've got a good group of friends that would not let this aberration stand.  One rainy spring night last year we were all arguing about our respective favorites in town, and I let it be known that I'd never tried anything Indian save a curry-flavored ramen one unfortunate time.  We went to Maharani because it was their agreed upon favorite.  I can now say that it is also mine.  It was one of those times when you experience something that in retrospect you don't know how you ever got by without.  I liked everything about Maharani.  My chicken shahikorma, medium spice, was the perfect starting point.  On return trips, and there have been many, I've fallen in love with the chicken shahjahani, the lamb jalfrazie, and the paneer - Oh boy do I like the paneer.  Yet writing this review I realize the one thing that I've not done is the chicken vindaloo.  Next time, for sure.  I'm not usually downtown around lunch, so I've never tried the buffet.  It sounds interesting, but I've been told that the Odana restaurants are superior in this regard.  I can't say one way or another.  I would easily give Maharani five stars except for one drawback: the service can be frustratingly slow.  Sometimes it's exceptional, but more than a few times I've sat at the table, papadams long gone, spooning nibbles of the onion relish, with an empty bottle of Kingfisher, just waiting to order.  I like the place too much to ever stop going, but that kind of thing drives me crazy.  Still, even with the occassional wait I put Maharani at the top of my list of Madison favorites.
This is the best Indian restaurant I've ever been to!  I've tried quite a few of their many vegetarian items, but always come back to the palak paneer and veggie pakora to start.  I'm typically not a fan of buffets, but Maharani keeps it very fresh.  The servers have always been very friendly to me, and I love the fact that the dining room is so quiet.  Also, there is actually a difference between mild spice, medium spicy, and hot spicy, which hasn't always been my experience at other restaurants.
Once you get over the fact that you seem to be the only person talking in the restaurant because it's such an expansive place, you get lost in the large, delicious portions and steamy, buttery naan. The place doesn't look fancy enough for the prices on the dinner menu (about $13-16), but the food is good enough to avoid regret.   If you don't want anything specific, the buffet is well worth it- all of the dishes always look steaming hot and fresh and there are at least 20+ different items (plus dessert) to choose from...all for only $8.95.  in fact, i wish i was there right now.
The lunch buffet is delicious and expansive.  Best of all, it's cheap!
Lunch Buffet on a weekday.  Handful of people.    I think I'm missing something, considering all the great reviews.  The selection is impressive.  But it's all very mediocre stuff.  I just don't get it, I really just don't...  The chili chicken was like general tso's chicken (with 'indian' flavor).  The chicken tikka wasn't even fried, and the sauce was bland.  The samosas were oily and bland.  The garlic naan was dry.  The chutneys were also just blah (mint and coconut).  Same for the fish - bland, boring, no fish taste whatsoever.    Really, just like a Chinese buffet, only "indian-flavored."  Massive amounts of mediocre food.    (And don't give me the price.  I've had dirt cheap indian/pakistani stuff that's delicious.)  Besides, 10 bucks for lunch is not cheap.
Average is the best word to describe Maharani's lunch buffet. There salad/chutney bar takes up half of the buffet, and I would have like to have seen more vegetarian options. The food is tasty but I found the breads to be really dry. The staff knows how to get the job done but doesn't go out of their way to be friendly. The atmosphere is comfortable but not creative. If you want an Indian dining experience in Madison that's better than average, I would recommend Taj on Park Street or Maharaja on Odana.
Been back.  They had some kind of lamb dish on the buffet.  I love lamb so I fished the meat out and just ate that, the onion chutney (it's a nice moderate spice level), naan, and rice.  I think I put away about 2 lbs of lamb.  So for 9 dollars - that's not a bad deal.    Only problem - you can't predict when they'll have the lamb and when they won't.    bah
There are a few Indian restaurants in Madison that offer a lunch buffet.  This one is definitely my favorite.  I find the location much brighter and cheerier than the other ones, and I really enjoy their selections in their lunch buffet.  They have the pretty traditional offerings and they always have samosas with a tamarind chutney and a green coriander chutney and some other ones.  I pretty much only pay attention to these two kinds of chutney.  They also usually have some kind of grilled dish simmering on the buffet line with onions and cabbage.  The few times I've been there, it's been chicken or fish.
Good food.  I would suggest ordering the food off the menu instead of the all-you-can-eat, cuz it's just not as good.  The menu food is a lot of food anyway.  it's cozy too.  Ambience has room for improvement.
I've been here 3-4 times and as far as Indian buffets go in Madison this one does the job. They tend to have a variety of vegetarian and meat items and the sassiest/spiciest onion chutney I have found in Dane County.   I prefer India Darbar, but when I don't want to leave the confines of downtown this is my first choice.
Fantastic selection, and our 3 little kids (4 and under) ate well and were taken care of nicely by the staff (high chairs, cups with lids, etc.).   The only thing that I could complain about was that my husband said it wasn't spicy enough, but he likes it super-duper-hot.  I like it more flavorfully-spicy, if that makes sense.  We've eaten at a lot of Indian restaurants in different areas of the country and in Europe, and this one was excellent.
This is an excellent place to come on a date or for a nice conversation with friends. The food is excellent, from the appetizers right down to the mango ice cream.   We got the $40 non-veggie meal for 2, and it was amazing. Very good, decently priced place to bring a date for a romantic night.  Service is also very good and polite.
Ate here for lunch yesterday.  I've probably visit this restaurant every time i'm in Madison.  I love the buffet! Great choices.  Not much to add, but the desserts are great as well.
one of my favorite places to go on a special occasion or when i'm feeling down. the palak dosai will cheer me right up. mmmmm.   the only complaint i would have is that the waiters are TOO good at what they do. they come by the table about once a minute. you have to fight to hold onto your plate, they want to clear it right away.
Food is okay but service need to be improved. Appetizers were as cold as made day before. Bread/ Naan came 10 minutes after getting curry dishes. Waiter does not even make an eye-contact. Need to ask for dishes 2-3 times on weekday evening.  Do Not visit restroom- if you do so you will not eat food. It need to be cleaned.   Not at all worth the cost.
Avoid at all costs - found chewed up bubblegum in the food  We found chewed up bubblegum in our food during lunch buffet.  What is worse is that the manager refused to throw out the dish from the buffet and replace the contents.  People, this is a bad sign since they are willing to cut corners and worse to save a few bucks.   Anyways why would they spit out gum into the food?  This is so gross!  I will not go there again since I am sure that they really don't give a damn about their customer's health and would rather have us get sick than waste a couple of bucks.
I can't believe there are any reviews that are less than 5 stars for this place. I lived in Madison for a year and I ate at Maharani almost every week, sometimes for multiple meals.  This is my favorite Indian restaurant, and that's saying a lot. My mother grew up in India, and she and her parents agree that it's really excellent.  The lunch buffet is definitely the best time to go. Unlike many of Indian places that I've been, they do a great job of both having a LOT of options and changing them regularly.  The staff is very friendly, and they definitely remember their regulars. I always went with one friend and when he moved, they asked me for updates on how he was doing.  Take-out is great too, as it's usually filling enough to last for multiple meals.
We went for the lunch buffet.  I did like some things--the samosa, mango ice cream, and gulab jamun were excellent--but everything else was mediocre.  We live not far from Devon in Chicago, so we are probably spoiled.  Still, it was my least favorite meal on our vacation in Madison.
Swagat is better, plus I have never felt quite so much like I was in a drive through ... unless I am actually in a drive through. Yes I know it is a lunch buffet and that's the way it is. I think it's because of the way the cashier asked me "How was everything sign here please thank you come again" that did it.
I was in town on business and it was close to my hotel.  I was a solo diner, and my service was not very good, but the food was.  I'd go back, but bring a book again to keep myself busy while I waited to be taken care of.
This place was very authentic. When you walk in and see the fennel seeds and smell the curry in the air, you know you're in for some savory goodness. I had the Aloo Chole and shared a Mixed Grill. Everything was flavorful and well made. Would definitely go back for the Tandoori Chicken.
So far my favorite Madison Indian restaurant.  Everything's always been fresh and tasty, and there are SO many choices!  The staff is friendly but a tad slow, but nothing to be annoyed with at all.  My first recommendation if someone asks for a good Indian buffet or sit down dinner!
Maharani is always at the top of our to-eat list: the food, the service, the location, the FOOD! all make this a really top-notch Indian restaurant.  I know that the dinner menu is great, but we hardly ever make it here for dinner, just because the lunch buffet is so impressive and reasonably-priced (there's a student discount, too). The naan is baked fresh and brought right to your table, the chutneys and sauces complement the food nicely, the samosas are perfectly dense and crispy, and the spices in the main dishes are just right (even though I could probably take it a little spicier).  And the waiters are always so attentive--Preet is especially wonderful! I love Maharani!
Avoid the chicken pakora - it tastes like half-assed, microwaved Indian chicken fingers. And unless you're a huge fan of spinach, I would advise that you steer away from the spinach dishes. While I recognize that they would be good to a spinach lover, the flavor (or lack thereof) of the spinach tends to overwhelm everything else in the dish. Also, though my girlfriend swears by the dosa, I find it to be a little bland.  Oh well, turns out there are some occasional bad dishes here. Still, everything else is awesome.  I highly recommend the lamb or beef shahi korma. Definitely one of the best things I ever ate. It's steeped in this delectable orange (the color, not the flavor) cream sauce which contains ground-up cashews that are both impossible to distinguish from the sauce, and impossible to not notice in the taste. And who ever thought that raisins match so well with red meat?   The chef's special naan is also god damn amazing. Dip it in everything.
It's not easy to write this review, because this is currently my favorite restaurant in Madison. With a massive menu that incorporates dozens of different varieties of curries, vegetable dishes, tandooris, biryani, and anything else you can think of, Maharani never gets old. And they manage to execute every dish on their menu with utter perfection, meaning that I have yet to make a visit that I did not completely and fully enjoy.  I start every meal at Maharani with the samosas, stuffed fried potatoes/other veggies which have been spiced in a unique way that I haven't tasted anywhere else. I would describe it as resembling za'atar, a common Palestinian spice, but that's still a bit off and my description can't really do it justice. I tend to ignore all the other appetizers on the menu because while they're all good, the samosas are absolutely unmatched. They also bring out to every table a thin crispy bread along with 3 sauces for dipping. One is sweet, one is spicy, and one manages to pull off both at the same time - it is truly an experience in itself.  I should indicate that Maharani is a vegetarian's paradise; I am a voracious meat-eater and would easily forgo it for any of the vegetable dishes here. Thoughts of the paneer tikka masala, for example, often get stuck in my head all day. I can't spend too long writing about it or I will start fiending for it and go crazy until I get my fix. Think soft, chewy cheese inside a thick orange sauce that has just a hint of sweetness and a heartiness that makes it perfect for dipping bread or pouring it over rice.  When you open the menu, you'll notice literally dozens of dishes. If you don't want to spend all day looking at this menu, you need to decide what kind of dish you want. If you pick curry, you have 3 pages alone and need to narrow it down by meat type. I highly recommend the lamb. It always comes perfectly cooked, soft and fatty and practically falling apart when you stick your fork in it.  I do, however, have to take issue with the poor service here. Their lack of speed and attentiveness seems to be a consistent problem, perpetuated by a unorganized system of incompetent waitstaff. There is one girl there who seems to stand around with no idea what she's doing half the time, and she usually ends up taking part of my order and leaving the rest of my service to someone else. I once waited about half an hour just to order my main course.  However, I persist with 5 stars because the quality of the food more than makes up for the waitress who tends to get lost in space. I fucking love Maharani. I could eat at this restaurant every day for the rest of my life and would never get tired of it. Maharani makes me want to move to India and become a hermit just for the food.
We LOVED this place! We had the tandoori chicken, tandoori mixed grill and naan. Everything was so flavorful we wanted to keep eating even though the portions are so big you shouldn't clean your plate. We went at dinner on a Wednesday night, so it was pretty empty, but the service was excellent. Maharani just became one of our favorites in Madison!
Great buffet. Great price.
While I'm not an expert on Indian cuisine I eat Indian fairly regularly all over the US. I like to compare my favorite dishes at different places and no place cooks every dish perfect therefore my review is based on the dishes I ate.  I ate here on a Saturday night and it was not crowded, no wait. The decor and ambiance is like most Indian restaurants not exactly pleasing mostly slightly worn out and not too tidy. The staff was not exactly brimming with enthusiasm but, were OK. The food was good I had Mulligatawny soup Chicken Tikka Masala and plain naan and everything tasted very good. Over all a pleasant experience.  I will definitely come back when I'm in Madison.
Soak your soul in cream and calories. This is the most delicious, most comforting winter food you can imagine.
These guys have the best of a number of classic Indian dishes in town. Unfortunately not the best mango ice cream or gulab jamuns in town but I'm more of a savory guy anyways. I never knew I liked goat until I tried Indian food! Great job Maharani!
Good Indian food. I was taken by the variety in the desserts and the food selection in the buffet. The nan was great, and the veg biryani was fabulous. I couldn't get enough of the gajar halwa either! Definitely one of the to-go places near campus for Indian food.
The buffet is amazing.
I went to this restaurant today. Great atmosphera, awesome food. I had fish masala and cheese naan ($18.88 with tax). Also, it was surprising that the entree includes also big bowl of rice (they chrge extra in Indian House for 3 times smaler amount of rice).Definitely will come back when visit next time Madison.
Was in Madison for a wedding and was staying at the Hyatt downtown which was across from this restaurant. Reviews were good so decided to try out the lunch buffet and I was not disappointed. They had a bigger than normal selection of items and most importantly it was all fresh. A lot of times indian buffets have food that feels like it is a day or two old but this place each and every item was fresh. The goat curry was da bomb, the meat was tender and the curry had the perfect zing to it. The tandoori chicken was extremely good and fresh and so was the chicken tawa tikka. They even had one indo-chinese item, i.e. chicken manchurian which most indian restaurants screw up really badly but this one was by far one of the best I've had (probably second only to the restaurants on Oak Tree in Edison, NJ).    I focused my attention on the non-veg but my wife is veg and she said the veg items were pretty good too. The paneer makhni was the only item she said wasn't all that.   What else, hmm ... they have outdoor seating which is nice and the decor indoor is nice too. Oh yes, they have a good selection of Indian beers as well as Indian wines (which is rare).
Food was pretty good, however the service was a problem. We were seated right away but then waited for an interminable period with no one coming to our table. Some other tables that came in after us were waited upon promptly. After a while it got so bad that I got up and asked the hostess what was up with this. She ended up waiting on us herself but didn't seem real happy about it. In the meantime the rest of the waitstaff continued their erratic and distant behavior. To top it all off after I visited this restaurant someone used the credit card info to order $600 worth of coffeemakers. I'm thinking there was a connection.
Lunch is best time to go - lunch buffet is amazing and a good value.
Maharani's lunch buffet has a large selection, and based on the clientele, it seems appropriate for both Indian and non-Indian palates. I don't claim to know Indian food well, but I tried two Indian restaurants in Madison, and I preferred the other, though the food here was not bad by any standards. I really enjoyed the goat curry.
An excellent lunch buffet with wide variety and delicious food.  You really can't go wrong with the lunch buffet.
The residential apartments above Maharani have serious cockroach problems.
I've only ever had takeout from this restaurant, but so far I've been seriously impressed with the quality of the product. We've ordered the lamb vindaloo and the chicken tikka masala on both occasions, and I have been blown away by the flavor, consistency of the sauces, and high quality rice. I am anxious to go back to visit in the restaurant to see if the service in-house matches up to the takeaway experience. It is evidently a family run business and you can taste the difference in the recipes.
Great food.  Buffet seems bigger than the one at Maharajah.  Problem...... A cockroach ran up the wall behind my wife.   Waiter killed it.  No manager stopped by.  Needless to say we paid for our meal.  We never went back.  A shame too.   We really liked the food!
I keep realizing that it's really unfair for me to expect amazing ethnic food in Madison--it's especially unfair to compare it to what I can get in NY. Of course, that won't stop me from doing it, so here goes...  Maharani is solid. Their lunch buffet is solid. The food is good, but certainly nothing special...and at $12 for the lunch buffet, it's also overpriced. Whenever yo make food en masse for a lunch buffet, stuff is bound to get dry--that's how I felt with some of the food they had out.   On the plus side: Good rice pudding (apparently I'm the only one who eats it), good goat curry, nice (but basic) chicken tikka, good baji, and decent paneer.   Minus side: Fish was dry, we weren't given enough naan (I attribute this to the service), and the lamb they had was way, way overcooked.  So, would I go back? Probably, especially since it's a group favorite of ours--we only go for lunch, though, and every few months at that. Three stars seems appropriate--it wasn't anything out of the ordinary, and it's certainly incomparable to what I can get on Curry Row (6th Street) or Curry (Murray) Hill.
Do I really have to give them a whole star?  My husband says yes, and that at least the food wasn't moldy.   Lacking was this restaurant's calling card for a one time visit.  The food was solidly mediocre.  The decor was pedestrian.  But the service, oh the service, earned a tails-up penny.  Awful, just awful.  Our Server failed to address an empty soda glass, did not offer additional Naan, and reopened the blinds after we shut them to block the bright sun.  We did not find chewed gum or stones in our food, so at least we can't complain that they were actively trying to kill us.  All that being said, the mold would have added more character.
The food is really great. I can't tell you whether it is authentic, but it doesn't scream fake Americanized indian food. It also doesn't scream obsessively authentic is a way that will be distracting. It is that happy medium - somewhere between exotic and comforting.  Warm, creamy, rich, curries to die for on a winter day (so, six months per year).  The naan is awesome.  The mango lassis...mmm.
The food was amazing! We tried the lunch buffet - excellent! Will definitely go back when I'm back in Madtown!
The  all-you-can-eat buffet is fun for me as a hardy, yet mainly vegetarian eater. The well-dressed waiters may look slightly disapproving if you attempt to taste EVERYTHING in one lunch hour, but they will not block your path either.  Being less familiar with Indian cuisine, I would appreciate more translation of what the colorful dishes were steaming before me.
It's fine Indian food, but certainly no more than that.  Go to Royal India, Tandoor or Bombay Sweets in Milwaukee for real Indian.  Somehow they manage to make most of the food taste the same, and even with the heavy cream-based sauces used in many of their curries, pretty non-flavorful.  That said, for Madison, this is about as good as it gets.  My daughter and I did the buffet, the place was crowded.  The service was terrific, which I was concerned about after reading the reviews, but they've obviously taken that seriously, they were VERY attentive.  The prices are high (12.95 for buffet for me is cool, but my 11 year old doesnt eat as much and they have no kid buffet price).  Nice atmosphere.  We'll go back.
I've been here twice. It seems both times, they had the same items in the buffet. Service was poor - none of the wait staff say anything to you until you pay the bill. We were seated by the window and a neon sign that was making a loud noise and smelled like it was burning or going to catch fire. The food was ok - the samosas were subpar, Maharaja on the West side seems to have the best tasting food and the most options for vegans/vegetarians.
Certainly enjoy the variety. Keep in mind service can be spotty and not as sharp. The food really is good to compensate.
Got chicken and mushroom curry, and two stuffed breads. I'm pretty good with spicy food, raised on schezuan food, but a little surprised by the medium heat on the curry, more like full vindaloo at most Indian places I've had. Still tasty, chicken very tender, all dark meat I believe, which is unusual, but I liked it and definitely not dry. Reason not five stars was the naan was a little soggy and barely had any chicken or veggies in them. I wasn't excpecting a calzone, but usuall stuffed naan a little more generous. Service was good, very nice lady. Will order from again next time I'm in town.
Ah, Maharani... you might be my new comfort food.  Indian food has never really been my thing, but am guessing I've either ordered wrong or been to some pretty bad Indian restaurants.  Went for the first time last week with a group of four people, one of whom dines there fairly frequently.  Very attentive, unobtrusive service.  I've been craving the Butter Chicken & Palak Paneer (spinach cooked with homemade cheese) scooped up with the garlic naan every day since my visit.  So much so, that I need to end my review and go get some carry out.
The lunch buffet is awesome! You can get mild, American-friendly dishes like chicken tikka masala and more authentic fares, such as goat meat. The buffet alOfws you to try tastes of everything, and go back and get more of what you love.   The naan is delicious and the tikka masala is the perfect thing for a cold day. I know it's not something that is typically done, but one of my favorite things to eat at Maharani is a few of the gulab jamun with some mango ice cream in the same dish. Lovely combination of textures, and hot and cold. So tasty, and the perfect way to end a meal!  I would probably visit just for the smells!  Service is good, water glasses are constantly filled and plates are cleared quickly.
No offense but I have to say a big no-no to this place. I once wrote the review but was filtered by Yelp. But hey, I have to say the truth - at least from my end. I didn't want to waste my time writing for them. It was a very bad experience. The service was bad and I can find a better place for the taste.  I actually hate to write a bad review, but well, I have to say what I've to say. Hubby and I decided not to give it another shot.
The lunch buffet here is just awesome. It seems like something different is on the buffet every time we go. The water that heats the buffet is always steaming.  We really enjoy going here.
there is water leaking unhygienic food.
The Maharani Restaurant is comparable to its sister restaurant on Odana, except the ambiance is a little nicer at this location. I did notice that the service was a little spottier here though - neither as quick nor as thorough as the Odana restaurant. Although the Maharani was nearly empty at 9PM, the servers rarely checked on us.   Regardless, the food was great. They served the same complimentary flatbread appetizer with the three chutneys, and THEY HAD CHANA MASALA ON THEIR MENU!!! I was so excited. I probably should have ordered it mild though, because medium was a little too spicy for me. Edible, but definitely not as enjoyable as I'm sure it would have been if I'd been able to chew and swallow without blowing smoke out of my ears.   My friend's samosa chaat wasn't bad either - although neither of us expected it to be a plated dish...or to be so heavily topped with chickpeas. I think we were both expecting regular, fried dumplings filled with a potato/pea mix.   Still, the perfect place to get your Indian food fix in Madtown. (: MmmMmMmm.
Still good but the quality and the service appear to be on the decline. Both used to be above average.
I used to go to this restaurant often and enjoyed the jovial very friendly staff and reasonably good (sometimes very good) food in the buffet. Now I had not been there for a while, but went for lunch buffet today- with a guest, unfortunately.   There seems to have been a change in ownership and/or staff. The demeanor of the new staff was very sour. Especially the woman who works there looked like it would be very painful for her to crack a smile or utter a friendly or welcoming word. The men floated around like shadows- forget about any personal touch. I felt very uncomfortable.  For the food-- I used to love the Rasam soup. Now it was more like a super salty brine. There also were really no vegetables-- the only choice was a mushy broccoli/potato mush. Broccoli is not even a real Indian vegetable. The grilled fish was reasonably good, as was the biryani (hence two stars).   Finally, the restaurant no longer offers free parking, as they used to in the adjacent garage. One now has to search for paid street parking, making it much harder to eat here.  So- if you ate here before and liked it-- be warned on all accounts. There are better Indian food options in the Madison area, e.g. Taste of India on Monroe Street, and Swagat in Middleton- both of which also have convenient parking.
lunch buffet: tasty food, great selection, nice ambiance, decent prices, but hard-to-understand indian waiters who talk way too fast, which means they must make authentic indian food, right? right!
Lunch buffet is delicious and staff is great. The beef curry is delicious and plethora of sauces and spices make the meal flavorful. Many different types of traditional Indian dishes make the buffet great.
This 5 star review is for their lunchtime buffet.  There was so much variety and each dish was delicious!  I've had Indian buffets before, but this is hands down the BEST one I have ever been to.  They really don't skimp on the good stuff (including garlic naan!)    We also came here for dinner, which was equally delicious but much pricier and obviously less variety.  The lunch buffet is totally worth it if you don't mind being in a food coma for the rest of the afternoon.
We just love this place. We live nearby and whenever we decide to go out to eat, it's really, really easy -- too easy? -- to decide on Maharani. They've memorized our orders. One time, a waitress just had our orders written down before even coming over to get the orders from our friends.  For a while, I tried out a lot of different vegetarian curries, trying to find my "signature" one. (When we lived in Berkeley, I always went to an Indian/Nepalese place that had a pumpkin kofta ... Oh, that pumpkin kofta ...) Derek was doing the same.  And then one day we went for a lunch buffet. And I got to try: GOBHI MANCHURIAN.  I felt like a whole new flavor scape of delicious was opened up in my brain. I love it. I love it so much. It's hard to not eat it too fast and get heartburn. The cauliflower is so tender and the sauce is amazing. It also comes with red & green bell peppers and onion. My mouth is watering, y'all.  Derek gets the chili chicken. He pretty much has the same experience, except his nose runs a little more because he likes it quite spicy. Masochist?  Service always tries to be friendly. They give water a little *too* much -- you take a sip, and your glass is filled. It's cute, though, by now. The only annoying thing is that their phone connection is really bad, so it's terribly hard to hear them when you call for pick-up .... which I might have just done right now ....
Definitely one of the better Indian restaurants, I've been to. Wider choices and good setting. The place has a good ambiance too. A good bet for anyone new to Indian cuisine and would like to try it. Close to the lake, the Capitol, Downtown and the Univ. of Wisconsin. I for one, will go back again, possibly regularly.
Best Indian in Madison so far and I have tried 4. Why? They have more selection and it's delicious. You get a basket of fresh toasted buttery naan and get more if you ask.
3 days, 3 lunches, 3 Indian restaurants. That's been my week so far...  + Easily accommodates large groups - we had 10 people for lunch in our group, and it wasn't a problem at all  + Excellent buffet layout; very easy to navigate and it promotes good traffic flow - The buffet was often out of "staples" (chicken masala was always empty, as were a few others)  + Baskets of naan at the table  + Great, great, great food. So full of complex and interesting flavors, everything was cooked well, and everything that I sampled was better than the next.  + Decent value at $10.95/buffet  - Service was a bit spotty. Slow water refills.  I'm discovering that I really enjoy Indian food; this location may be my favorite so far.
gotta come here for lunch!!! and they also served the naan bread fresh!!!
The worst restaurant service I've had in my life. The waiters are actively hostile, the way hardened French waiters can be, without the charm of being in Paris. The food wasn't very good, at that. Zero percent tip. Two people on a not-very-busy night, and it took as long as a James Cameron movie. Ugh.
I've eaten here twice so far. Once for dinner and once for their lunch buffet.  Their lunch buffet is a good deal and offers a pretty large selection! Vegetarian dishes and well and meat curries available. I was excited to see lamb curry! That was probably my favorite. Don't waste your time on salad when there is so much to try!  They also have a fairly large sampling of desserts. Their mango ice cream is incredible. It tastes just like mango! I can't even comprehend how many mangoes they shoved in there to make it taste like that.  Also the balls that are dipped in sugar are warm/hot. Don't just shove a whole one in your mouth like my friend did and spend the next minute in pain.   Beware if you order something spicy it will be spicy!!! I ordered a curry for dinner and I can handle spice pretty well but I could barely choke out more than yes and no answers when trying to talk to the company I was with. It was still tasty but just beware!
Came here again to have the dosa (which is a item served traditionally as a south indian breakfast) But it is so delicious I would have it 3 times a day!  I wanted to have the dosa last time I came here but I got too tempted by the buffet to order off the menu. I finally get my promise to myself and had the mysore masala dosa. A rice crepe filled with potatoes and onions, with mysore sauce which is mildly spicy. If you have not seen dosa before, it is a sight! These crepes are over a foot long and extend over the edges of your plate. It came with 3 different kind of dipping sauces. Thoroughly enjoyed the meal!
Delicious food! We came here for dinner in a Saturday. Panneer was tasty and had a great texture, naan was perfectly cooked. Lamb was tender. Looking forward to the lunch buffet.
Windows, loads of natural light, large buffet, attractive dining area, reasonable price. Good start, Huh? I joined a friend for buffet lunch on MLK Day. The place was hopping with the young and those of us that have been on this planet over 50 years. The temperature was dropping like a stone and the flurries were beginning to fly. Perfect day to over eat.  The buffet was chock full of different dishes some of which I had not seen before. There was a dish made from puffed rice and chopped onions along with other veggies. Very tasty, crispy treat. I had some tandoor chicken, goat masala, biryani, a veggie somosa,a really excellent yellow dal, and some other dishes which were equally as pleasing.   The food was good but not outstanding. The service was fine. The price was right. Would I do it again? Yes. Might I prefer Maharaja? Yes. I find their dishes to be more distinctive and full flavored.My recent visit to Dhaba set the bar high. My love of Anmol in Milwaukee will never be surpassed. But variety Is the spice of life and there is room for the Maharani buffet on my spice rack.  Try it, You'll like it.
One star just because the food is good. Be prepared to wait 2 hours to see a waiter. The manager is also incompetent and a horrible at customer service. We had to ask waiters to bring things like water before finally debating on leaving without paying after no one gave us our check. Ended up paying the manager directly and storming off after a terrible dinner. At least the food was good...
I am a small, white girl, but I'd like to think I know my Indian food. Indian is my favorite type of food and I've eaten a fair share (homemade and in restaurants). And I have to say, Maharani made my tummy very happy.   Atmosphere - nothing fancy. They could improve on it, but it is clean, spacious, comfortable.  Food - Delicious! I had samosa chaat, which was fabulous! It was the prefect combination of cool, spicy, crunchy and creamy. I had the garlic naan and the Malai Kofta, which was delicious as well. The veggie dumplings were good, had a nice consistency and the gravy was very flavorful.   Service - Wonderful. They were attentive without being pushy. They were very kind and attentive even though we stayed long after we were finished.  Now I just need to go back to try a dosa!
After hearing so many positive reviews of the place, we were shocked by our experience. The place is very beautiful inside (the fabric napkins and glasses give it a fancy touch). The service was great and the food is authentic.   The con: Right after we ordered our appetizer and main entrees, we saw a mouse crawl in and out of the heater at the bottom of the floor. We gently got the waiter's attention who was just as shocked as us that a little vermin had appeared. The little mouse jumped onto a chair and crawled around a table for a few minutes before the ?manager? took control of the situation by spraying what I assume was a highly toxic chemical (it definitely wasn't just bleach) into the space between the floor board and the wall where the little creature had hid. I about lost it at that point bc you could hear the little rodent screaming in pain.   The manager was extremely apologetic and humiliated by the entire ordeal. He have us all of our food for free however I still refuse to get close to any Indian restaurants.   This took place in the middle of summer, in the early afternoon- not during the winter months where rodents are forced to look for food and shelter indoors!
Lunch buffet, $12.95 (no drink). Water refills were frequent, but other than that service was terrible. We came in, waited. Finally, a man approached. He did not speak a word. He showed us to a table, and walked away. after waiting a few minutes we decided no one was coming back and headed for the buffet.  The restaurant itself is in need of a scrub down and a spruce up.   The buffet itself was mostly mediocre. Several items I tried were pretty bad. The fried items were soggy. Most dishes were tasteless, and there was not much selection for a vegetarian.  BUT there was one dish that was out of this world good. Mater Paneer, or green peas and paneer.  I am almost crying thinking about it (NO JOKE). It was awesome. One of the best things I've ever eaten. I could eat this dish for EVERY MEAL EVERY DAY fFOR THE REST OF MY LIFE. Yeah, it needed all caps it was that good. Had it not been for this dish, which was a 5, I would have given this place only 1 star.
I've never ate in this restaurant but have had delivery from it a few times and it is quickly becoming when I want Indian and don't want to step outside. Decent food and they deliver when they say they will, what else do you want from delivery?
Do not order delivery from here. We were told it would take 45 minutes. After an hour we called and they said the driver had already left and would be five to ten more minutes. Twenty minutes later we called back and were told the same thing. The driver finally showed up an hour and 40 minutes after we placed the order, and were lied to out right twice. We live 10 minutes from the restaurant.   The reason I gave it two instead of one star is because the food is tasty.
Went for the lunch buffet recently and although the food was tasty, the service and cleanliness were pretty awful. Never got drinks other than a water, never had a true server, and the checkout process was slow and inaccurate. Great food but the floor and behind-bar areas were trashed.
Awesome lunch buffet! Highly recommend it.
Lunch buffet was huge and excellent. No lamb dishes when I was there, though, to my disappointment. But I keep having excellent meals there every time I visit Madison.
As i said before this place is so good.. can't stop eating. No seriously. I just can't stop eating it. The only way you could be better indian food would be if you went to india.
Inexpensive ($7.99 for a plate). The ground beef kebab was decent: two skewers of kebab served with rice, a simple salad and a pita. Sauces were a yogurt-based sauce and a sweet chili dipping sauce. The menu is a little strange since it is Indian/Pakistani run but serves Middle Eastern (gyros, falafel), Indian and American food.
Good place for beef, chicken or shrimp kabobs, or chicken or beef tikki. Chicken boti is served . Falafel, Hummus, and Samosos are available for appetizers.  Baklava and Kulfi for desert. American food is also available. Generous portions for a low price.   Unlike most downtowns, Las Vegas does not have very many ethnic restaurants. I presume the reason is that there are so many low price buffets that it is difficult to compete. Most of the patrons at Kabob Korner are Pakistani or Indian. The food is excellent and it is Halal (if that matters to you). They are playing Indian and Pakistani music videos constantly.  Halal is an Arabic term meaning "permissible" i.e. the food permissible according to Islamic law. Since much of the food is also permissible under Jewish law, you often see the Mayor, Oscar Goodman, having lunch at this kabob place.
During our last night in Vegas, I promised my husband a good time. After watching the Queen light show, walking around with googly eyes from all the lights and smoke, we found ourselves to be a bit hungry. Kabob Korner proved to be a satisfying reminder that one can indeed find a fresh and delish meal at an affordable price. I had the Chicken Boti Kabob and my husband the beef. Aside from glancing lovingly at each other, neither of us said a word during the meal. We will definitely go back.
Great food!!  The best fresh pita I've ever had, and the rest of my meal (chicken gyros and hummus, with kulfi for dessert) was really good, too.  It's basically a little hole in the wall joint, but with enough decorations and stuff to make it feel rather homey.  The staff was friendly enough, but then I am a single white woman so that might have made a difference, as per the other reviews.  I would recommend this spot for a good quick bite when downtown!  Man cannot live on 99cent shrimp cocktails, ya know...
Had lunch here - food was reasonably good (had the gyro with fries, other lunch guests had gyro and chicken kabob).  Was moderately busy when I was there, and kitchen/register was lightly staffed, and food took around 30 - 35 min. from order to service - which was a bit long, particularly for a lunch on a workday.  Staff was reasonably friendly.  Decent lunch option downtown based on quality of food.
This review is based entirely around the Super Gyro menu item, a fully loaded gyro that happens to be the best I've had in Vegas.  When I'm giving a 5 star review, I'm basically saying that the establishment will be a repeat eat for me.  If I am craving a gyro, this is the place that I want to go.  This place is located on Fremont Street just east of Las Vegas Boulevard, so coming here when I get that craving isn't always the most convenient solution.    How good is their super gyro?  A few weekends ago my friends and I met downtown at Firefly at the Plaza.  I've never been disappointed at Firefly, and this was no exception.  However, after spending a few hours at Downtown Cocktail room (another place that I've never been disappointed) I seriously had a craving for a super gyro.  So after dropping about $20 at Firefly per person (which always leaves me satisfied as far as food portions go) I was willing to get a super gyro here.  As a comparison, the main contenders for my favorite gyro have been the Paymon's, the Greek American Grill, The Mad Greek and The Olive Mediterranean Grill.  Hands down Kabob Korner is at the top of my list, for gyros specifically.
Great place downtown for some awesome drunk food.  Being next door to the Griffin makes it very convenient.  I had the Gyro and fries and was very pleased.  The service was amazing too.  I was a little intoxicated from being at The Griffin and forgot my bag of stuff I bought at a shop downtown there.  They tracked me down and gave it back to me.  It wasn't crowded either out there.  This will be a must every time I go to Vegas.
I have been going to Kabob Korner since just about day one. The food has been consistently good. I am stuck on the same 3-4 dishes, so I can't speak for the whole menu. The biggest draw for me is the falafel. I would have to say it very well could be the best I have ever had. Apparently they use 2 types of chick peas, fresh parsley, along with some other goodies to make a wonderfully flavorful experience. The chili chicken (#6) is a generous sized portion of sliced chicken breast, fantastic rice, a small salad, and pita all for 8 bucks. I really like this one, but wish it had a little more kick to it. I do like my heat. Gyros are great too, as are the beef kabobs. A bit of a down side is all of the beverages come out of a cooler, so you get cans or bottles and no free refills, a minor complaint in a sea of halal goodness.
I work right down the street from Kabob Korner so I've def had my fair share of their food - and I LOVE it!  My favorite is the chicken gyro although their hummus is pretty good and so is there chicken and rice dishes.  I got a "side salad" one time but it was enormous - just a warning in case you like to add side salads to your meals.  They are very friendly and will make you custom food too if you ask.  The only thing I wish they had was fountain sodas cuz I hate drinking the ones they have from the can.
i eat here very frequently  i don't know why  it's probably because it's nearby it's ok i like that they deliver and have a wide variety of  canned soda but they don't have shish kabobs they only have  kabobs there's a difference but i do like the gyros.
Kabob Korner is definitely my favorite restaurant.  I've been coming here for over a year.  The staff is very friendly and the food is always delicious and inexpensive!  I will never get tired of this place!  Chicken Tikka is my favorite, but everything is good!
Been here the past two Fridays and I'm a fan now.  My first time, I ordered the chicken tikka, which I found VERY flavorful and delicious!  It came with rice, pita bread and a small salad.  The cucumber dressing and chili sauce is very good as well.  Today, i wanted to try something different so I ordered the chili chicken.  This dish is gooooood!  If you like spicy, then you'll love this.  It was a bit spicier than I'm used to, but the pita bread helped with that. LOL!  It's a big portion too, so I had to ask for a to-go box for my leftovers.   What I liked is that the chicken was not dry like I've had at other kabob or halal places.  It's very flavorful and juicy.   If you plan on eating there, call ahead.  It can take about 15 minutes for your order.  There's not a lot of seating, either.
This is a really fun place to go, and there is always the most interesting/eclectic mix of people in this joint.  Food: I get the Super Gyro.  You can have your choice of beef or lamb, and I've tried both.  I prefer the beef.  They put the works on this thing, and then give you two sauces to put on top of it also.  The red sauce is deeeeelicious.  It's sweet, yet tangy with a little bit of heat.  I haven't found a sauce like it anywhere else.  My husband has gotten the falafel and it is some of the best falafel he's found in Vegas.  Service: The owner is awesome.  He's very friendly and personable.  We once called when we were starving to see if they were open, and when we said we'd be there in 10 minutes, he asked for our order over the phone and had it ready for us when we got there!  I always look forward to going to Kabob Korner.  Good quality food, nice folks, and I get to watch the Food Network (they have it on in the background!).
My favorite gyro in town, by far.  Always super fresh and spiced with as much heat as you want. The resident vegetarian in the crowd also claimed the falafel may be the best she's had.  We wander in here almost every time we're downtown.  It has certainly gotten busier the last few times we've been there; there can actually be a wait for a table sometimes, but everyone plays nice looking for somewhere to sit.
Took a break from working at the Beat Coffee shop across the street and popped in for lunch.  So happy I did.  5.99 for a delicious chicken gyro that was fresh and plentiful.  I have a big appetite and it made for a satisfying lunch.
It was late and I was hungry, so I hope that didn't cloud my judgment too much.  Prices are beyond reasonable (a characteristic of any good food stop during a lovely evening bar hop), and the menu was... varied... I stuck with the traditional, falafels, pita, and hummus.  YUM!    The hummus had the perfect balance of tahini and lemon (and you get a generous bowl full).  It had a nice tang without being overpowered by the sesame.  The pitas were just crisp enough on the outside but warm and tender on the inside (they serve flatbreads, I think for $0.99 each, not pocket pitas), and the falafels could have been a little more done on the inside, but overall very satisfying.  I took a bite or two of a friend's gyro - which was traditional, warm, and good.  Made from meat sliced off a spit, not that creepy rectangular compressed stuff equivalent to Oscar Meyer bologna that you sometimes find at festival gyro stands.  Definitely a thumbs up when the hunger pangs hit while checking out the Fremont bar scene.
I usually don't find myself walking around this end of downtown. The wandering hobos around here seem to be more disgruntled than my usual encounters in other parts of town. But, I'm not here to review downtown hobos. I'm here for some gyro talk.  Kabob Korner is a small, yet comfy little spot. Their menu had many more American items than I expected (wings, chicken fingers, burgers, etc.). I guess they have to make "general public" food to get more business. I went for something a little in between the common and traditional. For around $8, I got myself a chicken gyro combo, which came with the gyro, fries and a drink.   Gyro was only ok. It made for a decent lunch, but nothing memorable.  I even had a bite of the super gyro (lamb) from whom I was eating with, which was far tastier than mine. Still, it wasn't tasty enough for me to go out of my way to get here. I actually enjoyed their seasoned fries more than my gyro.  Will I come back? Probably not. Though their more traditional items looked good, it didn't seem like enough to win my appeal. It looks like the only reason for me to shuffle through hobos in this part of town is the coffeehouse across the street.
Bomb, bomb, bomb, this place is so bomb! Definitely the best Kabob in Las Vegas. Was my first time there last night, and I had the Chicken Kabob which was recommended by the owner Ali. Man was he right.  The Chicken was grilled to perfection, the rice was tasty, the Pita bread was also the best I've had. I also fell in love with the red date sauce which was sweet/spicy, a perfect marriage with the chicken.  Service is bomb, price is bomb, Ali is bomb. I will definitely come back here again many times in the future.  Ali's Kabob Korner is so bomb, I vow never to give it up, never let it down, never turn around and desert it. Never going to say good bye and never going to tell a lie...
I'm used to the British/Aussie spelling of Kebab so i'm going to refer to this place as Kebab Korner.  Wow if i do end up going downtown more often it's likely because of Kebab Corner.   Found this little spot via a recommendation from Anthony M. Totally forgot about the Super Gyro so the cashier recommended the number 2 entree.   Chicken Boti Kebab (Kabob)  I didnt like the salad at all. All it did was take up space for extra rice or another piece of chicken or a place to put the two sauces. Sure it did add a little bit of color but it was wasted space for the food.  The rice was quite superb. Very fragrant and spiced perfectly, every bite was a melody of flavors you can lose yourself in.   The Chicken was just perfect, seasoned with just the right amount of spices, cooked to the point where there's a nice char flavor but still tender and juicy in the middle. Pair the chicken with the red sweet/spicy sauce made from dates and chilis and WOW.  The pita bread was above and beyond as well, soft and fluffy to the touch, chewy and flavorful to the bite.  Fell in love with the entree, next time going to have an affair with the Pitas.
Gotta try the super gyro. Best $6 I ever spent.
Philly Cheesesteak, hot wings, pastrami, burger, crab cakes... Everything you want, it's delicious!! Halal for Muslims. Thank you Ali for the scrumptious spread!
This four star review could be skewwed by the copious amounts of booze I had that night, but the platter we had was tremendous. Chicken, Vegatables, lamb and rice. All marinated to perfection, and offered with a spicy sweet sauce on the side. Coming from Dearborn, Michigan, an area with the highest Arabic population in the Country, I have had the great privallage of marvalous Middle Eastern Food. Up to par or above average in comparison....
I'd walked by this nondescript building many times on my way down Fremont to the Cortez.  After reading some yelp reviews, I decided to stop in.  The Super Gyro (only $5.99!) was just fabulous, and the baklava I fired down for dessert was almost as good.  The food was so good, I came back the following night as well!  Give the Kabob Korner a try if you're bumbling down Fremont...it's light years better than any other fast food one can get downtown!
And the end of the ziplining adventure, Ken M. and I stopped by this place to get some food.  Don't let the name fool you.  There is no "korner" involved with it's location.  Maybe a nook?  Anyway, it's prominent by the Fremont Street East bars.  The guy running the place was very friendly.  Being a first-timer, he insisted that I should try the "Super Gyro".  I love a good gyro, so who am I to argue with the man's logic?  So the gyro comes out, and the guy wasn't lying.  The thing was huge, and tasty.  It was actually so big and packed full of food that it started falling apart.  It was a little messy, but that's what napkins are for.  It was probably one of the best gyros that I've had in a good while.  Ken's food choices looked excellent as well.  It started out a quiet night, but the place filled up fast after we got there.  The prices are cheap, and you definitely get what you pay for, and then some.  The menu is fairly diverse, so I may have to sample a few more choices along the way, but the first impression was definitely good.  I love a good, quality hole in the wall eatery, and while there was no actual "korner" involved with my dining experience, the location where it sits works more than well enough for me.
Great little place. The food is good, but the staff is even BETTER. If you're hanging downtown and want some good real food, definitely check this place out! The chicken kabobs were bomb and the falafel was really good too! It's really worth it just to get such exceptional service from great people!
This is good food done right. It's a no frills place. The food is cheap and filling. It also helps that the food is halal (muslim kosher). The staff is extremely friendly as well. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone.
Super cheap food for Vegas, I went with a vegan friend who had a couple options here. I wasn't sure if they would because of how small the spot was. Food came up quick and decent. The hummus was nothing to speak of,  a bit bland, but I can't complain too much because the rest of the food was moderate. It is what it is and I wasn't expecting anything different...
With all of the heavy foods you find in Vegas, it is nice to find a somewhat healthier alternative and at a cheap price. They had quite a variety of different choices along with some of the tastiest rice and french fries I have had.   It is a place to get a quick bite to eat that isn't a 5$ hotdog and a beer that you get in all the casinos. If you are a vegetarian or vegan this might be the only place on Fremont that gives you more options. The lentil soup was actually surprisingly better than I was expecting.
*Best Gyro in Las Vegas*  Before I begin I will say that this review is completely bias, it is only based on the amazingly delicious Super Gyro and nothing else on the menu.   Located in a terrible place to get to unless you plan on hanging out downtown Kabob Korner is THE place to go to for gyros. Now I have yet to try anything else on their menu due to the fact that I have fallen madly in love with their Super Gyro. It is a delicious creation of meat, cheese, and flavor for a reasonable price. All of which I love. Now the biggest difference that I notice between the Super Gyro at Kabob Korner and other places is the fact that Kabob Korner puts their delicious crumbly feta cheese on it and the quality of the meat. The cheese makes a huge difference. It adds another dimension of flavor that propels the Super Gyro into an addiction. Every venture down to Freemont Street requires a stop at Kabob Korner.
I've been wanting to try this place for a while since it's a few blocks from my work and never got around to it.  Since I've been cracking out on reading yelp reviews lately and saw that one had good reviews, I decided to go check it out.  The super gyro did not disappoint.  I *LOVE* gyros and have to say this is probably one of the best I've had.  The lamb was super tender and they don't skip on the tzaztaki sauce and feta.  In fact, they even give you a bottle of it to douse on your food if you eat in.  My wifey ordered the chicken gyro and loved it as well.  Super glad I found a new lunch spot!  :)
I told the owner I like my food extra spicy... and whatever the heck he concocted before that white apron of his.. it had me coming for more. The gyro were well prepared, every time. The meat was seasoned to perfection- you can taste the elbow grease!- and cooked with me in mind, Simply mouthwatering! The lettuce and tomatoes showed no signs of age- i believe they may have been picked from their private garden in the back kitchen. The special sauce he insisted I add to my afternoon treat was so delicious that i had to drench every bite with it!! Let me rest assure you that if you like 5-star dining and don't mind sacrificing an arm and leg, then this is NOT the place. Now, if you like a 5-star meal with a "hole-in-the-wall" check, come enjoy Kabob Korner and it's fanciful yet urban flair all for less than $10 !!
Next time I come here (and there will be a next time) I will have to try the Super Gyro.  I am on a no red meat kick, so I had the Chicken Gyro.  It was really good, with a whole lot of yogurt sauce.  A tip for anyone on a first date type situation here,  get something you eat with a fork because the Gyros are really messy.  All that yogurt sauce gets everywhere, face, hands, and drips off your chin.  Porn star face aside, I really enjoyed the Gyro.  The hummus is the bomb.  Actually, I don't know what is better, the hummus or the pita bread.  Both are the best I have had anywhere.  The pita bread is really pillowy and almost sweet.  The hummus had a nice spice to it.  Paired with the pita and it was out of this world.    It's a small place, and easily missed, so keep an eye out.  You won't be disappointed.
I finally got to try Kabob Korner. I hardly venture downtown, but when I do, I always pass by Kabob Korner and think to myself, "One day I'll try that place". So after a happening afternoon at Vanguard, a group of yelpers and I went here for dinner. The menu, as well as the decor, can be described as none other than eclectic. Along with the gyros, pitas, and rice plates that are to be expected at Mediterranean/Greek establishments, there were a few not so expected finds such as pizza pockets and chicken wings. The decor was interesting as well- grapes hanging from the ceiling, vintage hanging lamps, and gold framed mirrors- quite a collection. Everything felt vintage-y, kind of old...Anyways, back to the food.  Chili Chicken Pita- bright red chicken pieces and bell peppers marinated in a spicy, lemony sauce, lettuce and tomatoes wrapped in a warm, buttery pita and topped w/ a spicy (Sriracha-based) creamy, yogurty dressing. The pita itself was oh-so-amazing. The veggies were fresh. The only thing I wasn't too fond of was the chicken. The chicken was fatty- grease was dripping down onto my plate- and kind of salty. Nonetheless, I did enjoy my food.  The workers are great. The food is pretty good. If you're in that area, make sure to stop by Kabob Korner. With their extensive menu, I'm sure you'll find something you want to eat.
Came with Yelpers after CMYE at Vanguard.   Standing in line we had a laugh at the menu. For a place that has kebob in it's name, only a 3rd of the menu was of that nature. They also have pizza puffs, chicken fingers, fried catfish basket, hamburgers, etc.....I guess being the only spot serving food on that block, they wanted to represent every drunk craving.   I got the beef kebob pita. The kebob was juicy and very strong in spices. I can appreciate that since I like stuff herbaceous/floral-y foods but I think that the corriander seeds in there need to be cut up. The veggies were fresh, the bread was chewy and soft and the yogurt was generous and cooling.   For a pretty big pita and a drink at $6, it's a good, cheap eat if you're at Fremont East.
Stopped by here with other yelpers after CMYE at Vanguard. It's tiny, tiny place, and I'm actually surprised we FIT in there, but I'm glad we did. The gyros looked really good, but I'm the sort who ends up with more gyro meat and sauce on my shirt than in my mouth. ;P  Ended up trying the chicken kabob.. boki? I think. It came with pita bread, rice, and a small salad, for under 10 bucks. Everything was delicious, the flavorful rice, the chicken, the pita bread, everything. Will definitely be coming back.
Possibly the only really good food on Fremont Street. I tried the special gyro -  delicious - and the chicken boti something-or-other - very nice! The latter came with a side of soft, doughy flat bread and two sauces. The owner, Ali, was pleasant, helpful and made me a very tasty cup ofchai masala, not once but twice.  When you're sick of marginal buffets, steak and shrimp and shrimp and steak, visit this place and your taste buds will thank you.
I really wanted to give this place at least a 4 star rating, but unfortunately the food is just not that good, it was rather disappointing.   I've been here before and it was quite good. But this time I don't know what happened.  My boyfriend, roommate, and I ordered a super gyro, fried chicken with fries, hummus, cheese cake, and Greek salad.   The sauce that came with the gyro had almost no taste at all, and the texture was like water. The meat was extremely salty, it seems like its covering up some flavor that I'm not able to identify. Fried chicken is also too salty, where we can't even finish the 2nd piece. Greek salad was the only dish that I would've gave a 3.5 star. The hummus was awful. It smelled like neem oil, and tasted like cardboard. And last thing we touched was the cheese cake. I don't know if anyone had ever ordered cheese cake from this place, but from the look of it, I think we are the first and maybe the last to order that. It was chalky and the top layer was almost hard.  I really liked this place. But I think it has been slacking and needs more of that TLC. I live just around the corner from Fremont street and I want the cafes and restaurants around the area to be great. So I hope the owner would see this review and take this as a constructive criticism to better its food to a 5 star quality!
I tried the Normal Gyro. I wasnt up for a Super Gyro since i was attending a Photo Walk. Nice menu for all varying tastes. My Gyro and fries came out in a decent time frame. Love the seasoning on the fries. And my Gyro was delicious with good sauce and fresh vegetables. The only gripe is they have Canned Soda and on the menu it lists sizes like they had a Soda Fountain. I wish they would hook it up or bring one in. Id love to have unlimited refills instead of paying a Dollar per can cause im a thirsty individual. But thats not enough to stop me from never making this my Gyro Stop.
Got the chili chicken. It was pretty spicy and tasty.
Another gem find with the help of yelp!  Very fresh food with great flavor.  I was a little surprised the beef kabob was not just beef tips, but ground meat with spices very similar to gyro meat.  This was quite ok though since I really like gyro meat.  The fresh made pita bread with dipping sauces was really good.  Kids got cheese burgers, which were very inexpensive, but very fresh and tasty.
Great chicken kabobs the red sweet chili sauce is tasty!
Who knew you could get a fantastic gyro in Downtown LV?  Just be careful venturing down here after dark, but in the daytime it's safe as can be.  The chicken gyros were huge and SO delicious!
The best gyros or kabobs that I've had in town are here.  They also make amazing hot dogs and burgers too.  So many random different things on the item and ALL of them are good.  They take the time to make everything right, prices are inexpensive and the owners are very friendly.  I've been in here a dozen times at least this past year and it's my favorite place to grab a quick bite to eat downtown before hitting the bars.
Sorry Fat Greek, you look like the Skinny Greek compared to Kabob Korner's Super Gyro and the Chicken Gyro Pita which was what I ordered when we stopped in after Artifice.  I  could barely grab my pita with both hands because this thing was super stuffed, I ended up using a knife and fork because it was too huge to pick up and take a bite. It was very tasty, and I'm looking forward to returning to try the Super Gyro...ALOHA!!!
I'm all homo about family owned places.  This joint is operated by some Punjabi Pakistani couple.  Literally, the dude cooking your food owns the joint.  I get all warm in fuzzy inside knowing that.    Normally, we order something to-go while working downtown.  The staff is always friendly.  I wonder if they ever get stiffed by no-shows...  Anyways, the meat is seasoned very well.  The rice is awesome.  The creamy yogurt sauce isn't the normal tzatziki sauce, but it's good.  The grilled pita bread just adds to the meal.  Look, it isn't Bobby Flay quality, but the place is a damn hole in the wall at the end of Fremont.  If you're looking for some good food to soak up the whiskey from Hennessey's, then head over to the KK.
How is it that I haven't written a review of this place yet?   I have an art gallery inside the Emergency Arts building across the street and Kabob Korner is my go-to place for grabbing a quick dinner while installing a show or before hosting a reception on First Friday.  I used to get the Chicken Gyro back when I was eating meat - HUGE, MESSY and DELICIOUS!    These days, the vegetarian-leaning me has been getting the Falafel Pita Sandwich (which isn't on the menu oddly enough).  Same yummy, messy yogurt sauce over crispy falafel with a soft, comfort-food kind of center - stuffed inside a pita with lettuce and onions (if you want them).  Huge portions for the price.  Not a lot of vegetarian or vegan options in Downtown at the moment, so Kabob Korner really hits the spot!
Non descript location at the end of Fremont Street just before the El Cortez Casino.  The building is not much to look at, and the inside is worn, but everything was clean.  The owners are super friendly and speak about four or five languages including Punjabi, Urdu, Malay, and Arabic.    The lamb GYRO I had was excellent.  About 6 bucks and worth every cent.  They will spice it up the way you want--hot or mild, you choose.  Fresh onions, tomato, lettuce.  Like they used to say at McD's--hot side was hot, cool side was cool.  Tasty!  Very good place for a light dinner or snack.  No beer or wine, but hey, you're on Fremont street so alcohol is a stones throw away.  Enjoy!
Apparently, the staff is friendly. This wasn't my experience while I dined there but perhaps they were having on off day. If you want to drink water and don't want to waste money on bottles, you will be disappointed to learn that the restaurant apparently doesn't have any filtered water to serve you. I chose to drink nothing in protest. Although I was irritated early on by the quality of service, the food was another story altogether.  For the price, the portion sizes were more than adequate to stuff me and my friend full of delicious kabob. I'm an ethnic Pakistani, so I know good kabobs when I taste them, and this place definitely offers the real thing. The meat was juicy and not overcooked, and the spices were certainly adequate. The rice was also authentically prepared meatless pulao-- much more flavorful than the white rice you usually get from restaurants. The naan (white bread) was tasty, but I doubt they bake it themselves (maybe they do, maybe they don't).  The wait time was reasonable considering the quality of the food.  The restaurant is certified "halal" (which is basically "kosher" for muslims) if you care about that sort of thing.  If you're a Vegas local who hangs out in Fremont, you owe it to yourself to try this place.
I stopped here for dinner, as it seemed like an interesting place near to the Fremont St Experience. It's counter service, very fast food style. I had the chicken boti cabob plate, which was tasty. The baklava was refrigerated and bland. I would stop by here again if I was in the area.
I was looking forward to trying this place out after reading all the positive reviews.  I walked in today at 11am and waited at the counter for nearly 5 minutes for someone to acknowledge me, take my order etc.  There were a few people sitting around watching TV (not sure if they worked there)  and a few people in the kitchen who looked out at me.  I said hello?  And no one responded, came up to the counter etc.  The location is so crappy I honestly expected the service to be super friendly.  I was so wrong.  Some d-bag regular came in and barked his order over my shoulder while I was there and the kitchen and they didn't acknowledge him either.  I literally waited 5 minutes then shook my head and left, it was possibly the worst customer service i've ever seen in any place, ever.  I can't stand restaurants that are run like this.  I don't care how much i'm paying, $5 or $100 for a meal I refuse to put up with it.  If the people that were working and ignored me were the owners it's clear that they could care less about customer service.  If it's hired help, they should all be fired and replaced.  Take some pride in your restaurant!!!  I won't return here.
I always give a place a 2nd chance... I went back in the other night and initially the service was friendly but then took about 15 minutes to get the food.  Overall much better though!  Pretty tasty gyro and seasoned fries.  Nothing stood out though.  Want to try the hummus next time :)
Some of the best Kebabs I've had outside of the Middle East.  A cool new neighborhood, funky restaurant with lots of eclectic items, no tap water (but bottles were pretty cheap), and the owners were just chilling out and chatting with everyone, a couple of doctors and a policeman, and some great food.  A chicken kebab plate comes with salad and some delicious rice.
This five star is for the super gyro. I have never tried anything else on the menu because nothing else seems to be appealing. So, I say that the super gyro and fries are delicious, and if you find yourself downtown looking for a bite, this is a good place to stop by. You will find yourself coming back for more of this super gyro.
The burgers are awesome. Its knockout burger is the best Halal burger I ever ate in the US! The hot wings are also very good. Other dishes are mostly Indian style and good. The price is very cheap with regards to the good quality. The owner is a very funny and lovely man! We went there four times during our five days sojourn in Vegas. It is close to the Fremont Experience and you can enjoy it. The food is Halal.
The staff were extremely friendly and the food was killer. We had the lamb super gyros and they were flavorful and filling. The lamb was tender and plentiful and the price was just right. It is a little hole in the wall downtown but if you need a quick bite, don't pass it up!
With every SuperGyro comes a worthy Nemesis and Im just the guy menacing enough to take it down with a single bite! KK is exactly the type of eatery you would spot in downtown.. old, wornout, discolored light up menus.. but darn good food and dang it good portions!  The Super Gyro is always good, also the Chicken Tikka and the Beef Kabob.  What I like most about KK is they serve huge condiment bottles of Tzatziki Sauce and that tamarind sauce stuff.. them dips are the dippiest! SAUCEHH!
This is the best effin gyro I had.....super gyro all day!!!! And the owner is cool as f@$&
I ordered the super gyro today during prime time lunch hour. The pita was soft and acted as a perfect handheld pocket for the lettuce, lamb, tomato, onions, and feta. It was a quick, cheap and tasty lunch.
I love everything about this place!  The ALWAYS great food is almost incidental to the family environment and wonderful feel of this restaurant.  This is the REAL thing.  The first time that I ate there I was transported back to my Sephardic Grandmother's dinner table. And that is a rare compliment because my Nona's food was authentic, lovingly served and full of history and sustenance.  They serve history and stories full of heritage at this mom and pop restaurant located in a vibrant corner of the emergent East Fremont corridor of downtown Las Vegas. Come for the food but stay for the welcome to the kitchens of the Old World.
Delish! What a wonderful escape from the strip. I had a falafel pita and it was so good! Crispy outside, hot soft inside. The hummus wasn't as flavorful as I'm used to, but everything else was perfect. Small location, and the owner or manager was super friendly. Decor was nice too, I felt like they really tried to make it cozy but still casual. Yum yum!
Kabob Korner is definitely not fine dining but for what it is, it's awesome.     We were downtown after visiting the Mob Museum and consulted Yelp for help with lunch and found Kabob Korner.  The place is pretty small and not anything fancy but the food was terrific.    I had the beef kabob and my husband had the Super Gyro.    Mine was really good, his was fantastic!     Mine came with a couple sauces that were very tasty - not sure what they are but they are really good.     Only other place I've had anything similar is at the Afghan Kebob House in NYC so it must be a "kabob thing".  My kabob came with rice so I didn't get fries but they looked really tasty with some kind of spices on top.     Next visit I'll go for the Super Gyro and a side of fries as I'm sure we'll be back on our next trip to Vegas.
went there yesterday, i have never reviewed a restaurant but this one is so bad that i feel that i have to. i went here with my family and it was the worst excuse for middle eastern and pakistani food that i have ever seen. the owner is extremely rude, looks like he doesnt want to be there and isnt responsive to half the things that you say to him. we went around 4pm and there was not a single person in the shop other than the owner, then we sat down at the wobbly, sticky, and dirty tables and werent even offered menus or anything, we had to go up and get them from the counter. this would be fine if there was a large sign that had a list of all the foods they had to offer and what not (like at taco bell or something). i ordered the shrimp basket, it said that i would get 25 but i barely got 20 (i can forgive that) but none of the shrimp had been deveined, when i asked the owner if they forgot he said that they ordered the shrimp breaded and dumped them in the fryer. i couldnt eat them so they all went to waste and even when the owner saw that he did not apologize for it. then i ordered the falafel wrap, that was another thing that had been dumped in the fryer and put into a piece of bread. the whole thing was soggy and i was barely able to eat that. the rest of my family ordered kabob plates and the kabobs were over cooked, and the tiny portion of rice that cam with it was drenched in oil, probably so they would only have to cook rice once every 3 days. overall, dirty restaurant, soggy overcooked food, rude owner. DONT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY HERE. probably good food if you are drunk or something. it might have been a good restaurant in the past, but not anymore.
I loved this place! I was in Vegas for the weekend and I came here and went the next day! I loved the chili chicken and the shrimp kabob. I found that there is one kabob korner in LA so i'm excited to check it out! I'm thinking about going to Vegas again just so that I can go here. The EMPLOYEES are nice and friendly!
Since this restaurant first opened, it has been a favorite around our house. The owner put a lot of effort into the food and was always in a funny mood.  Today (March 14, 2012), before leaving with an order, I learned that there is a new owner but am unsure if he was the surly man behind the counter. when we open the food at home, the falafel was burn't beyond edibility or recognition and the hummus tasted like chalky paste. Nothing on the plate was edible. It's so hard to count on good, affordable food in Las Vegas and this is the latest fatality in the downtown food scene. R.I.P.
This is a great place!  We had the gyros, which were excellent and the #7 plate, which is shrimp kabob with rice.  The #7 was off the charts.  All the meat was fresh and the seasonings were perfect.    Don't let the looks of the place fool you, it certainly is a hole in the wall, but it is worth going in.   Lal, the owner/cashier was great and wanted to make sure we had a great meal.  I'm definitely going here whenever I can.
The Super gyro is just that SUPER!  Place is a small little shop just off the corner of Freemonth and 6th Street.  Calypso teas and lemonades are tasty.  Wanted to try other items on the menu, but the Gyro was just too good to pass up.
Food here was pretty tasty, by far it is the best chicken wing in Vegas... Don't expect the wing to be batter like KFC ... Full of flavor and very minimum batter, just the way I like it...   note- must be buzz to enjoy it as much as i did otherwise the wings are a bit salty when eaten sober... =)
4 stars for food...the super gyro and falafel were great.  2 stars for service. The place was packed, and only 2 employees.  I think the owner was working the register and there was 1 harried looking kid in the kitchen.  On a busy Saturday, that wasn't the ideal. Food was coming out to tables out of order, partial orders, and amid confusion.  Took 25 minutes to get our food.  In the end tho, the food was great.
One of my favorites on Fremont.  High quality meat, friendly service and a great, diverse menu (from middle eastern to american fair).  Prices are fantastic!  The place on Fremont East for cheap, good eats. $3.99 for a double cheese burger that I would put up to ANY burger on Fremont.   Lacking one star because if they're busy, it can take a long time to get your food.  I'd recommend calling in, or planning on a sit down dinner.   Also, lighting and atmosphere can be improved upon especially if you're interested in a sit down meal.  Thank you Kabob Korner!  You make my life better and easier!
I waiting on my two person order for 50 minutes after being quoted a 12 minute wait and the restaurant wasn't even that busy.  The guy next to me waited 45 minutes for a single order of HUMMUS.  I was on a tight schedule and the staff was rude.  Multiple people were waiting on orders and were getting mad.  Refunds were not being offered.  Ultimately the food was pretty good so I am reluctantly awarding 2 stars, but NOT worth the aggravation.
I think the location is fantastic - close proximity to all of the cool downtown joints, including Emergency Arts. I haven't had anything spicy in a while, so I opted for the chili chicken. It was one s-u-h-p-i-c-eeee bird! It came with a portion of rice and "salad" (lettuce/tomatoes), along with pita bread. This was enough for two meals actually, as I took my leftovers home and had a nice lunch.  The place is small and the wait can be a bit long. Other than that, this is an A-OK joint for some comfort-y grub when you're downtown.
Walked into an empty restaurant about 1:30pm.  Had read previous reviews so I was prepared for a long wait. Ordered two plates, waited about 35 minutes.  It definitely has a "hole in the wall" look to it, but the food is worth the wait! I'm glad I trusted the other reviewers!  I hope it's still around next time we're in Vegas.
Ok.  Unbelievable reviews brought me to this place.  It was close enough to walk too from the California hotel, even in the 116 degree heat.  2 locals even raved about it while my friend and I were in there.  We had come to the right place.    It was not crowded at noon on the Wednesday we walked in, so we got good service with at most, a 10-minute wait for our food.  We both had the Super Gyros with fries and drinks.  Drinks were more the warm side (couldn't figure out if it was the weather or a crappy fridge) but the fries and gyros was fresh.  But I must admit, that the fries were more impressive then the gyro.  I thought the gyro was just average.   All in all it was filling for a reasonable price (Greek food can be pricey in Hawaii); the fries were fresher and more nicely fried than most places I have eaten fries (no, not just Greek places, in my life).  I even had to use the bathroom and it was pretty neat.   I can say this, if this is one of the better Gyros places, I'm only going here.  I'm scared to go anywhere else cause the others must be real crap.
This is the 2nd time we have been here.  The Super Gyro is the bomb!  Not your run of the mill frozen pressed meat.  This has some substance.  They grill the meat with onion, peppers, and tomato.  Served on a grilled pita with lettuce and fantastic feta.  Priced right.  Don't let the neighborhood throw you off.  Just east of Fremont St. Experience.  I mean this is one good gyro!!!
When it's bad, it's bad.  When it's good, it's . . . decent.  Kabob Korner is a little hole in the wall in the East Fremont Entertainment District downtown that serves up some great post-bar Middle Eastern food (gyros, kabobs, hummus, etc).  If it's late night and you're crawling out of your 3rd bar of the evening, there is no better food for you downtown.  Tasty, seasoned, and salty.  You will talk about how it's the best gyro you've ever had (i.e. the tzatsiki sauce is feta-based and hyper-salty).  But if you wander in Kabob Korner sober, during the light of day, you'll leave thinking "Huh, that was a meal, alright." (not really bad or good, just decent).  So let's break down the experience by meal: - Gyro -- meat is bland strips of overcooked lamb, topped with fresh lettuce and a tzatsiki sauce that isn't tzatsiki sauce (not dill-seasoned yogurt, but a feta-puree).  In the light of day, it's a rich sauce that will dominate the entire gyro with a salty flavor.  After the bar, that amount of salt will convince you it's the greatest gyro on the planet. - Hummus -- bland, but well-blended.  You're pretty much eating this for an excuse to have another pita wedge.  After the bar, oh man, that toasted pita is delicious - Kabob -- probably your best choice.  They actually season the meat and sometimes cook the chicken so it remains tender.    Bottom line: keep Kabob Korner as a post-bar to-do and you'll be happy.  Visit in the light of day and you'll wonder why you eat there.
Beef Super Gyros was good but, didn't taste like typical gyros meat ,the texture was more mushy like spam than the more compressed strips of meat I'm use to in a gyros pita. The people inside were friendly
Super gyro is bomb! Has to be one of the best gyro I've ever had. Rather than the super thin slices of gyro, they serve thick 1/3 inch to 1/2 inch slices of gyro that's seared on the outside for a nice crunch and still retains a moist inside that is beautifully seasoned. Yogurt sauce is a little disappointing but all in all, this place is better than your average Mediterranean joint!
The Super Gyro is pretty darn good!
We found Kabob Korner (it's not on a corner:)  off of Nelson Q's very helpful review on a Tuesday night when we were looking for something spicy and interesting on Fremont street not in a hotel/casino or part of a chain. Unless you live in the neighborhood, you are not going in unless you have read Yelp or gotten a personal recommendation. Just do it, tastiest budget meal of the week, WITH leftovers.  NOT fancy at all as other's have mentioned. Order at a counter, and then have a seat at one of about 8 long rectangular tables and enjoy Bollywood TV until your food is delivered to your table. This is not fast food, so relax and enjoy a different end-of-Fremont street scene view past the fantastic neon street sculptures. No alcohol on the menu, but sounded like on Friday & Saturday nights you can byob like every other street person in Vegas.   They were out of the Chicken Marsala which hurt, but we went with their second recommendation of Chili Chicken and Chicken Shmarma. Both were good, we preferred the Chili Chicken the spice level was about a 3/5 and just what we requested. The Gyro also looked fabulous. The Chicken Shmarma was good but would probably have preferred the Chicken Marsala (next year) and a better choice might have been a veggie plate or veggie appetizer to offset two chicken dishes. Instead we ordered the Greek salad which was so big we ate off it the next couple nights as an appetizer with some Chicken Shmarma because we had of course ordered too much food.  LOTS of perfect basmati rice and there were two table seasonings the first I can only describe as whitish, seemed like a light yogurt with light spices that was delicious, and a red that was some kind of light cayenne/ketchup and not hot enuf and a little too sweet for us to add anything to our two chicken dishes.   They do take credit cards and the service was helpful and quietly attentive.     Our bill for 3 plates including a huge Greek salad was just under $27 as we had byow, brought our own water. The only two people in Vegas not drinking that night remedied as soon as we got back to our overpriced The Hotel with a $10 refill on one of those huge daiquiri bongs, ahhhhhhh.
First off... I really wanted to like Kabob corner.  Based on the reviews I believed that I would.  Unfortunately, it just wasn't the case.  I ordered the super gyro and a side of falafel balls.  Pros: The meat is Halal (if that is a selling point for you) cut thick and is decently tasty.    Cons: The meat didn't have that awesome crispy edge that I look for with gyro meat. The yogurt sauce consistency was really thin and gooey.  Not very appetizing.  The flavor was unremarkable. I had very little tomato and lettuce and absolutely no onion to speak of either. Falafel,  Ehh....  flavor wasn't too bad, but they were served with the same sauce and were "doughy"  Finally, would I take a trip downtown just to go here? No.  If I was in the neighborhood would I stop by? No.  Too many better options for gyro (Kyklos) and falafel (Parsley).  And there are tons of other options downtown.  Better options can be found right on the same block.
After craving hummus and kabob for the LONGEST time, I finally decided to make a trip here. The trip was well worth it. Upon arrival, the cashier was standing there talking on the phone... took him about 5 minutes before he decided to hang up, but it worked out ok because we had no idea what to order since its been awhile. I got the chicken kabob and rice, and a side of hummus. Husband had some gyro sandwich. We'll definitely be coming back here next time we're in the area.
I'm not that in to chili chicken as a dish and I still thought theirs was pretty solid.  Naan is real good too.
You will have to be patient when you order because everything is made fresh when you order it but its totally worth it. Amazing super gyro and knock out burger. Location isn't upscale by any means but its halal and yummy. Will have to return to try chilli cheeseburger. Mm mm mm
Great food! Low price! Found in the historical part of the Las Vegas strip (aka Downtown!).  My friend showed me this small restaurant off the strip. Totally worth it for the price. I definitely recommend the chicken tikka, and I had a super full plate of the most deliciously seasoned chicken, rice, & bread (wasn't naan, more like the pita bread used with gyro). The presentation of the plate may fool you since it looks plain, but once you take a bite---the flavors are amazin'! There were 2 sauces, one just like tzatziki & the other was a sweet/sour type. The red sauce was ADDICTING! It also came with a salad.  I'd say if you're on a budget or trying to save money on other major Vegas activities (clubs, drinks, gambling, rooms, etc.), this is a place you must try!! I wouldn't mind eating here everyday while in Vegas haha. There's metered parking next to the place, so just be careful to put in the right amount of quarters b/c they're pretty strict about giving tickets when you're even a couple mins over...sadly I got one since I spent too much time enjoying/devouring my chicken.
I order from Kabob Korner all the time as do my coworkers. I'm so glad we found this little gem in Downtown Las Vegas.  Everything is good! Even the fries. Take out fries are usually plain and easily thrown away, but they have steak fries with tasty spices on them.  The pitas are good, the kabobs or good, the gyros are good, the shrimp is good, EVERYTHING IS GOOD! We have never been disappointed. Fast delivery, friendly services, very good food at reasonable prices. I recommend kabob korner to everyone!
I love this restaurant and default to visiting here when I want Gyro's.  It's not the fanciest place, and is pretty small but the food is great and it's fun to watch the music video's on the TV.
What a great place.  The chicken boti I had was some of the most tenderest morsels of meat I've ever had.  The pita was great too.  This place is tucked in the corer of Fremont St. that is somewhat hidden.  It's not on the side with the big video roof thing, so you don't have the circus of things that happen on that side of Fremont.  This place is definitely a good place to crash once you've done a good amount of wandering and getting hammered.
I am seriously kicking myself for not reading reviews beforehand.  I blame the drinks.  I would've done the gyro in a heartbeat!!!  That's not to say my dish wasn't good.    I got the beef kabob which was fine but not memorable.  I figured the place was called Kabob Korner so I should get kabobs!  Right?  I guess not.  $7.99 is a fair price for what you get (2 kabobs, rice, salad, pita).  I will be back for everything else they offer.
Very casual, something you would find in nyc, that's the vibe it had. Booth seats with a tv playing indian music videos. The kabobs have an indian spice flavor, that I was not expecting, it was good. Came in for dinner, the food takes a while to come out, small operation.
Such a bummer. I remember ordering samosas from here by way of Downtown Cocktail Room and they were delicious. They were just as delicious tonight, however they were frozen in the middle! Not appetizing. Gordon Ramsey would be livid! Not sure if I'd come back here knowing that they're not fresh unless I had quite a few cocktails first from around the corner
No. I can NEVER avoid a new Kabob place. Not ever. Frankly, I think I would rather eat a good gyro more than any other meat related sandwich, dish, or anything. I am not Greek. I am not of any mediterranean decent, but I have the Gyro fever and there is no stopping me.   So naturally I had to stop in when I was in Fremont to get a load of the Kabob Korner and their Super Gyro of course.   It was a Gyro which is good in my book. It was super if you use the word super kind of sarcastically. Overall it was OK. Really, I am looking for that yogurt sauce and lamb/beef combo to knock my socks off but this super gyro was pretty super normal.   I wouldn't hesitate to go back here. Especially for the area it is really convenient to have the best food in the world so close to old town Vegas. Next time I try it I will update this review- I hope my mind will change or I will find that gem that they cook like none other. For now I say it is worth it if you have the time, the budget and the tase for a Gyro that you just can't kick.
Hands down the best Afghan food in the area! Highly recommend their Knockout Burger - full of flavor and quality. Service is super friendly too and they give honest recommendations on their own menu. Visited this place multiple times in the same trip to Vegas. And you will too.
Yelp really steered me right with this one. Amazing food and service. Super nice guy working the front recommended the number 2, which was a really good chicken plate with big chunks of roasted white meat with the perfect blend of spice and seasoning, flavorful yellow rice, and fresh cooked flat bread of the gods. Took awhile to wait for it, maybe 20 mins, but they were really busy on a Friday night. It also tasted like it was worth the time waited. Can't complain. Perfect dinner for a fun night out on Fremont St, which was just a little less crowded than the strip.
I work downtown, and this place is too far to walk, but the parking is so difficult, so they deliver for a small charge, and their food is really good, and I know good Middle Eastern food, and theirs is right up there.  The food is reasonable as well, whether you work downtown, live in Vegas or just visiting, this is the place for great Middle Eastern food....thank you Kabob Korner.
This was my 2nd stop on my Jury Duty adventure I had over the last 3 weeks.  Kabobs are one of my main food groups so I was pretty excited to not have to remove them from my diet just because I was on jury duty.    I walked in and there was only one other customer sitting waiting for his food.  I wanted chicken and the cashier who I had the feeling was also the owner and/or manager suggested the #2 combo so I went with that.  It looked pretty much like what I normally get from any Mediterranean restaurant so I sat and eagerly waited.  (note: this 1st paragraph is all about the wait for the food)  5 minutes later the other gentleman received his food.   I heard him get apologized to for the wait and figured no big deal, I had a long jury duty lunch break.  5 more minutes later a lunch rush hit, and the phone kept ringing for take out orders, and several people came in for dining in or to pick up their take out orders.  10 more minutes later and I was starting to wonder what was taking so long, but I gave the benefit of the doubt to the fact that it did seem like there had maybe been several orders called in prior to my arrival.  10 more minutes later (30 total if you cant keep up) and I heard some of the girls who had come in 15 minutes AFTER I did get their names called and food delivered.  The best part was I'd heard them order and 2 of them got the EXACT same order I did!  I made sure to look DIRECTLY at the cashier/potential owner/manager at this point with a face that I attempted to convey confusion with a slight hint of anger.  He did nothing, so I need to work on my facial emotion conveying skills apparently.   I had to get up to ask what the deal was, and it was clear he had completely forgotten about my order.   I found it a little weird that he could have done this since I was SITTING DIRECTLY IN FRONT OF HIM THE ENTIRE TIME.   He didn't seem apologetic in the least.  10 minutes later (40 minutes total) I had my name finally called and my food given to me.  At this point the cashier apologized and seemed sincere about it, and I sat down to eat.  My brain had been processing how I was going to write this scathing review and I almost was hoping the food would be mediocre or terrible just so I could write a 1-star review which is very rare for me.   Unfortunately (fortunately?) the food was delicious.  I really loved the sauce the chicken was marinated in, which was different than how I'm used to getting chicken kabobs from other restaurants.  Whether eaten alone or slathering it with one of the sauces provided the flavor was really outstanding.   The pita bread was hot and fresh (it better have been!) and I also enjoyed the rice that was served with the dish.  On food alone I probably would have started Kabob Korner with a 4 star review, but I have to dock it something for that insane wait I endured.  If the cashier/owner didn't seem so apologetic towards the end it would have resulted in a 2 star review due to the length of the wait, but I'm feeling somewhat generous today so I'll go with a 3.    Side note, I talked to some fellow jurors a week later and they mentioned they had also visited Kabob Korner.  Unprovoked they immediately mentioned how long their wait was for their food.   I'm willing to bet it wasn't as long as mine, but based on that and some of the other reviews, seems as though it's a fairly common issue here.  Okay back to my mirror to work on my anger/WTF face.
Great gyro at a great price!  Doesn't look like much from the outside, but the Yelp reviews were good so I checked it out - glad I did
OMG this place is fantastic!  There is an explosion of chickeny awesomeness in my mouth.  :)  This is close to my work so I will definitely be here again.
Their chicken kabobs are excellent.  French fries off the hook!!  Not too pricey, quick, and it's usually best to order to go.  Parking maybe a little bit of a hassle depending on time of day.
So this place looks a little suspect when you first see it. And the inside is no better. The ceiling tiles are stained and old, there is a nice layer of dust on the walls and the floor needs to be mopped. The food is great, however decorum and cleansliness is a huge part. This place just looked run down and old. I didn't get a pic of the menu, but it had permanant marker writing on the signs and items they no longer serve covered by old receipt paper and yellowing tape. Had the inside been clean. It would have been an easy 4.5. The food on the other hand..... was delicious. I ordered the beef kabob plate and received a hearty meal. It had two seasoned um....meat logs? Rolled seasoned beef sticks which were spicy and flavorful. The pita was soft and fresh, but the yogaurt sauce seems watered down. Extreamly watered down. Also they served a sort of sweet berry sauce with it. I'm not sure how exactly they use it but I dipped my meat in it, and it was a great flavor contrast. Would I go back? No, not my first choice, but if I was drunk and had a craving for a gyro then yes. I might stumble there in a drunken stupor.
Good food at a good price should work on customer service though.
My co-workers and I work downtown and we attempted to order a late lunch from Kabob Korner today, and let me just say I have never experienced such poor customer service in my life! I don't know who answered the phone but we were advised that they were out of hamburgers, hotdogs, philly cheese steaks, chicken fingers, basically everything on the menu. When politely asked what was available on the menu the gentleman advised that he didn't have time to go through the menu and became agitated. After attempting to explain that we were not trying to be complicated just attempting to place an order the gentleman stated "hurry up you are taking to much time and we have other people waiting to order!" Thank you but no thank you we will no longer be ordering lunch from this establishment.
Very good food!
For Muslims that are particular about eating halal, this place is a gold mine. A variety of cuisine ensures that you won't get bored by the menu quickly. They serve American staples, such as hamburgers, chicken fingers and wings etc., as well as South Asian variety dishes. My personal favorite is the chili chicken plate.   The location is also a plus, as if you frequent the booming nightlife that's developing downtown, it's an ideal location to eat late-night or before you decide to go out to the various downtown venues.  My only wish is they bring back a few other staples that were under previous management, such as hot dogs.
Searching for a 'healthy' option for lunch led me to KK. Picked up a large Greek salad ($4.99) and an order of chicken boti ($7.99).   Wait, before I chat about the food, let's discuss the place...it's pretty narsty. Seriously, there are wilting posters of gyros on the wall. Poster of gyros? Excellent. Gross poster from 1970? Not something you want to find in a food establishment. When looking around (it took 15 min to make the boti) you can see the place is really long and the kitchen is large for what they put out. I think it's time for a remodel peeps. It should also be noted that the guy at the counter was messing around with his foot and the bottom of his sock (yep, he was in socks n sandals) before taking my order. I couldn't bear watching to see if he was handling my food, so I sat in the corner. Ignorance is bliss, no?   So I got my order and went home. The boti ended up consisting of 5 pieces of super awesome chicken and a truck load of rice. Damn that was good chicken! Tender, spicy, yum! But 5 pieces stinks for $8. It was like eating a rice salad with kabob on top. Lame. The large Greek was decent in size for the price, but the dressing lacked any sort of flavor. Kinda reminded me of Italian house dressing (gasp!).   This all being said, I'll be back. Def for a gyro and yes, maybe even for 5 delish pieces of chicken over a rice salad. Hold the sock grime. Actually, put it on the side.
My husband and I went for a late lunch and tried the chicken kabob wrap. We were not impressed. It really did not have a lot of flavor. It was really very wet and drippy. I needed at least 6 napkins, which thankfully are on the table. Maybe we ordered the wrong item. But, how can a place mess up a wrap? The place didn't seem very clean. The table was sticky.
Came for the super gyro plate. Damn this plate!   This is what dreams are made of.   Keep supporting small business. This place rocks.   Fuck corporations.
For the price and quality of food, this is an excellent find in Vegas, and whenever I return to visit I try to stop by there.  Great hummus and Greek salads (everything fresh) - and my nonvegetarian friends speak highly of the gyros and kabobs.  This is a family run business - friendly - low key - not fancy.  Just east of the Fremont Street giltz, this is in an area that the city has been focusing on (in terms of redevelopment), so check out the area after your satisfying meal.
Been here twice. Excellent abd fresh tika chix and bopa chix. The entree had generous chicken pieces snd rice. Even the pita was good. Will visit again.   Be prepared for a 10 minute wait as they freshly prepare the food. But, there's always a Bollywood movue playing on the tv.
Almost a true experience of the middle east. Great food and proper non Americanized atmosphere.  Try the chicken boti kabob #2  Not a fast food joint. They cook the food when you order so expect to wait 10-15 minutes.
Ate here at life is beautiful fest awesome food good price its all fresh and good quality and great portion size
Good gyro and boti chicken.  Nice surprise in an otherwise seedy area off Fremont Street.  No ambiance, but the owner is polite.
The food is very reasonably priced and it tastes good. But that's about it. It's not fast. They seem amiable, but don't count on anything resembling service. The tables may or may not be entirely clean. And definitely don't expect your food to look like the pictures they have up on the menu.  So, if you're in the neighborhood and in the mood for this kind of food, don't feel like spending much on a plate and don't mind slightly iffy table surfaces, this place will suit your needs.
I loved this place last time I came here , but this time they have a limited menu n the wait is more than 1 hour,  never gonna come back here again!
Review of Gyros:   Meat is allegedly Kronos, but the meat was very salty (unlike Kronos meat), so either they EXTRA salt it when grilling... or it's not Kronos.  The sauce - why oh why put a sauce that's going to melt and evaporate on the bottom of a Gyros ???? I had soup in the bottom of my Gyros basket, and almost no sauce on the Gyro .... /grrr  If you want Feta and lettuce on a Gyro then by all means, but I ordered mine without.   There was a parade of foreigners coming in and out for their Curry dishes (Indian/Pakistani) food, so I'd say it's got to be pretty good, or it's the only place around to get Halal (meat).
Gyros and kabobs are great. I recommend the super gyro and the shrimp kabob.   Service can be a little slow, but it's totally worth the wait.
In Vegas you have to try the food. Very delicious and fresh meat. Kebabs are the best.
Most delicious and fresh kabobs and tandoori chicken I've had in a longg time. Owner is polite and nice. Service was slow - but the food was sooo goood we ordered more and did not care how long it took. Dont know why everyone has been so negative. Kabob Korner should be at least 4 and up stars. Isn't it the awesomeness of food that eventually matters.
Ordered the chicken boti by phone with the owner, was told it would take an hour. When I got to the restaurant he brought out chicken koobideh instead. When I said I ordered boti the owner said "yes this is chicken boti". I was upset that he took me for a fool considering there is a picture of the chicken boti right there on the menu board (I was also there the day before and order the boti), but rather than wait another hour I went ahead and ate the Koobideh, which is NOT on the menu. It was good but definitely no chicken boti. Very disappointed that the owner doesn't care enough about his customers to be truthful and admit his mistake because the food really is delicious.
I'm from los Angeles but Every time I'm in Vegas, I make sure I drop by. The food here is incredible. It's the best Indian Pakistan halal food I have ever had anywhere .....
The same guy that takes your order, cooks your order, plates your order, then serves your order. Palestinian home cooking at its best! So what? You have to wait...you never rushed your gramma for some cookin' from the heart.
Kabob Korner is located right across the street from Fremont Street Experience. If you blink, you'll miss this small hole-in-the wall treasure. True that the decor and ambiance leave something to be desired, but the food is really tasty. I always order the Super Gyro for $5.99. For an extra $2.00, you can upgrade to steak fries and a canned soda. The gyro meat is moist, and their homemade pita bread is soft, also, The steak fries are crispy. Manu people are turned off by the atmosphere, but if you like great food at a great price, then K.K. is for you!!
Good food good price plus its halal which is hard to find also they are greedy half chicken for 10 bucks hard to find thank god for the good food thnx kobab korner
You always have to wait here, even if u call in...be patient food is good....!
I LOVE THIS PLACE....i love everything about it...so what if the tables teeter totter a bit or you have to wait for your food?! the food and price are superb and that's all i care about!!
Had to up the star rating here. Sure, the interior is still the capital of Grime City, but the super gyro is tasty and the chicken boti, while small in quantity, is still a good dish. Plus, I didn't see any bare feet this go-round. Seriously though, the gyro meat is solid. Moist, spicy and flavorful, it's def the star in this sammie. As usual, prepare to wait 10 min for your order. (Call ahead!)  New tastes:  Hummus (avoid) Greek salad (sub par)  Hmmm. Maybe it should be a 2.5 star rating....
They say this is the only halal restaurant in Las Vegas. That is not true. There are plenty. Also this is definitely not Pakistani cuisine. More like fusion of Pakistani and middle eastern. That being said, no complaint here on that because the food is epic!   Almost everything on the menu is good. Their burger is different than a regular American style burger and it is really good!   1 star less due to parking issues. Downtown is not parking friendly and you have to park far away on the streets and walk here.
I had to wait 30 minutes for my food and there was only one other couple in the restaurant waiting for their food. They got their food before me and I was first. Interior/bathroom was disgusting and it wasn't worth the wait/money. Never common here again
Fish and chips was good! The chicken fingers were okay, but dry. They gave tons of fries. No parking unless you look.   Be carful to look at the menu. The paper one, which is more convenient, has different prices then the wall. You will be charged more money if you don't pay attention.   Customer service was okay. Not welcoming but he did remember my name throughout experience.   Haven't tried gyros, which could be good!!
I tried the beef gyro and was so good and the chicken strips and hot wings all was good and great
A friend of mine loves this place but he didn't really tell me what's there to love. We were walking around in DTLV and I got hungry after having a few drinks but I wasn't in the mood for pizza or burgers...I want something grilled. Kabobs!  This place is definitely a hole in the wall. It's not fancy. Heck, it's not even clean! The booth I sat on had a hole with a bit of tape on it. Fine, maybe the food will make up for it. The first time I attempted to eat here, they were closing in an hour and the guy at this place was driving people away. We got here around early dinner this time.  Beef Tika: Comes with rice and salad. Tender, juicy and tasty piece of grilled meat. There's hint of garlic. 4/5  Beef Kabob: Comes with rice and salad. It was alright. Nothing memorable. 3/5
Came in for a $5 gyro and ended up with an almost $8 super gyro for one reason or another: out of beef but I wanted feta.... The meat and pita were both hot and the lettuce and tomatoes cold so that was good. Tzatziki,  onions and feta were a treasure hunt to find. The lamb was seasoned well but had too many fatty pieces in it for my taste.
The service is awful but besides that the owner has a very smart mouth on him and is very rude. If you show any concern he seems to want to punish you and say your order wi take 1 hour and make u wait. He is very inconsiderate and literally a smart mouth. He charges extra on the bill so make sure you check your biil. Food is nothing to brag about. And with his attitude not worth it all.
Food is veryyyy good. Customer service is not so good. But it's worth if for the food!
Not too shabby for my second visit. Service took a long time. Not sure if that was due to it being a Friday night or not. Chicken Kabobs were tender. Salad and rice were good. Pita was also not bad. Decor didn't match the updates of downtown. Kinda fun not amazing.
Was searching for Halal food and found this place when I first moved to Vegas. Dined here a few times and the food has been excellent every time. I had the Gyro and the Burger. The burgers are okay but the Gyros are incredible. I've tried the Kabobs here as well and they are phenomenal.  Only thing I didn't enjoy were the chicken strips. They were dry and overcooked. The ambience isn't all that great but who cares, the food is awesome!
I love the chicken tikka, while my husband loves the gyro.  The owner is really nice.  The place is small and can get kind of crowded at peak hours, but most of those people are doing take-out, it seems.  I've never had to wait very long.
Honestly the food is good.  I have to give this review because the person behind the counter is staring at me while I eat and I can feel their hate for me coming off in waves.  I'm not sure why, but I'm positive he is imagining my death.   Also the table is really sticky.
This hole in the wall, literally, you will know what I mean when you see the place is right on Fremont Street East, next to Inspire theatre.  I could have looked past everything that was wrong with this one and given them 5 stars on food alone, the gyros are amazing here.  They have a super gyro and its made with lamb meat, charred and with real feta and a special sauce, not cucumber sour cream, but somehting perfect for the full balance of the tastes.Pita was charred and fluffy with that warmth of naan that melts in your mouth. The chix Gryo is amazing as well, I have a feeling everything has a great taste and silly good lamb meat!   5 star food.   I had to ding em on atmosphere, dont take a date here, a little grundgy, unless she is a grundy little rabbit..lol   It just feels really run down inside, like 1.2MM tourist have been there on the chairs from the 50s, and plexiglass tables, DING!   I could have even looked past this the food was so good, BUT, the service, while it was made to order, the service guy was kinda short with me.  Whatever, give me my damn Gyro so I can slam my face it in, in my car, and my belly is super happy!   Im Happy I stopped, I will be back for a to go order, bravo!   Solid grinds here.  Get some.   CHEAP!  under 8 bucks!
Great food great price. This hole in the wall gyro shop has a lot to choose from and is quite tasty. Highly recommend.
Nice restaurant.... In downtown las vegas.....food is tasty....but it takes a long time ..... so order ahead...When you reach food will be ready....famous for gyros.....and spicy chicken entrees.......parking is another pain.....Overall a good place to eat.....
under a new management.  Food quality and quantity went down. got pricey. No one to clean the sticky tables. so unhygienic  taste: No Good. wait time: 1hour  guys at the counter are staring and have no respect for the customers. better to find a new place.
Real talk, I just got out of the bathroom. I have an iron stomach and this place gave me issues. The sauce on my gyro was above room temp. The veggies on it were wilted and the tables were sticky. There was also an unusual smell in there. Almost like a sewage smell. Usually I give places a second chance to sway my review but I don't think I'll be going there again.
Owner is psycho but food is good. If you can ignore psychotic tendencies of the owner and mind your own business it's tolerable. But once again let me warn you, owner is a freak.
Love the food, but there is no consistency in the opening times. The place could use a makeover. The appearance is a deterrent to new customers.    We miss Ali!
I had probably the best gyro I've ever eaten at the Kabob Korner. If you're concerned about cleanliness, ambiance, or service; this might not be your restaurant. If you want some delicious, cheap, Mediterranean cuisine it comes highly recommended.
delicious and fast! this lunch buffet left little to be desired.  there were two soups, a tossed salad with several dressings, including yogurt rice and something that tasted just like tzaziki sauce. lots of chutneys; pickle, onion, mango, and tomato, to name a few.  all of the vegetarian items were scrumptious. and i'll be darned if i can remember exactly what they had... spinach and chickpeas, and some curry potato zucchini dish. also, rice with vegetables, and plain basmati rice with which to soak up the curried yummness.  a co-worker gave her thumbs down to their tandoori chicken... but you'll have to try for yourself. it's well worth the adventure at only $8.39 with tax!
Swagat is on the far west side of Madison.  The restaurant itself is part of a new strip mall just off of Old Sauk Rd.  The decor inside is nicer and newer than Maharaja's West and East side locations.  The food is pretty much the same as Maharaja's.  It's very, very good.  The prices are about the same as well.  The only thing I can really tell you is that if you are driving around Madison and you suddenly feel the need to have good Indian food you have three locations to choose from depending on your location.    Are you on the west side by West Towne mall?  Go to Maharaja's on Odana Rd.  Are you on the far west side by Old Sauk Rd?  Go to Swagat's.  Are you on the east side by East Towne mall?  Well then go to Maharaja's on Thierer Rd.    Easy.
Great weekend buffet ... we're definitely coming back!  Good range of options, stuff was cooked well, loved the service (attentive, pleasant) & most importantly  - the food tasted great .. as close as you can get to the real thing.
My husband begs to go here on a regular basis. I haven't been to the lunch buffet, but everything on the menu I've tried has been really good. The husband has only ever ordered the chicken tikka masala and refuses to try anything else. ever. I think he'd pick it as his last meal.
Solid Indian fair. Finally satisfied by authentic flavors. I also love the fact that they feature southern Indian specialties. If the dish names don't roll off of your tongue easily, don't worry, the very (very) friendly waiters will help you in recommending the good dishes.   Order dosa, especially if you don't know what it is. And don't forget to take a camera with you. It's a delicious southern Indian rice crepe with a neat presentation.   This place is on my "to go back" list for sure :)
I come here every single time I'm in Madison. Excellent Indian food at a very reasonable price!! The appetizer grilled fish is the best! Servers are very attentive and they always refill the food in the buffet.
Don't think I can ever go to an Indian restaurant for dinner again after this. Great lunch variety and the quality has always been good whether I sat down at 11AM or 2:30PM.
My fiance and I always drove by this place and always said we wanted to try it but we are both not familiar with Indian cuisine so i think we were worried we may not like it.  WOW were we wrong!  It's delicious.   Great food, great service.  The menu can be a bit overwhelming but just ask one of the servers and they are happy to recommend anything based on things you like.  They ask the right questions!  We have been twice for dinner and keep telling ourselves we need to go back for their lunch buffet.  We were walking by the lunch buffet set up last time we were there and one of the staff came over and asked us if we had ever been to the lunch.  He then proceeded to tell us what all they serve and what's in it and that on the weekends they offer a lot more choices.  So helpful! We can't wait to go back for the lunch buffet!
I picked up a couple biryani dishes and some naan for lunch.  The biryani was good although, apparently, the blander palate of Wisconsonites has affected their judgement.  I ordered "extremely hot" and took pains to explain that I know heat and wanted it so hot his grandpa wouldn't eat it.  It may have had a dash of pepper in it, but I'd give it "Mild" at best.  The naan was a little ho-hum.  I've had much better naan.
Very diverse selection, and the staff is very friendly and on time with refills.  The buffet is a little pricey on the weekends, but the food is almost always fresh (just don't go right before they close, but that's the same with any buffet!) and delicious.  I would definitely recommend it!
We're not normally fans of Indian food but this place was amazing!
We got take out from this restaurant and ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and Shrimp Korma that was recommended by Sarah.  We also ordered some bread recommended by the restaurant to go with this dish. They were friendly on the phone and pleasant at the time of pickup.  The restaurant is extremely clean from what I can tell from my brief first impression.   Everything looked orderly and well organized. They asked us what level of spice we wanted.  I chose medium expecting the food to be mild in spice as so many restaurants tone down their spice for the American palate.   I was happy to find the spice was indeed medium to my taste.  So if too hot is too hot for you expect a true approach to heat level by this restaurant. Both dishes were very good.  The chicken sauce was the better in flavor to my taste.   The rice came out of the box loose and cooked perfectly.  Nice job. We can't give this 5 stars as we have not eaten in house but for take out they did a terrific job and we will be going back.
Even with the somewhat limited Indian options in Madison, there are MANY other places in town that serve better food.    We went to the weekend buffet.  Selection was limited but more importantly the food was BLAND, REALLY BLAND.  How Indian food can be bland is beyond me.    The food was also only lukewarm.  By the time we got to our table everything was borderline cold.  While the service was acceptable you have better options for Indian in Madison.  Go elsewhere for good food.    The weekend buffet at Maharaja on Odana, while not perfect, is a much better choice.  PS  To 'Sarah H', to live in NYC for 7 years and to not have Indian better than this is almost impossible.
This restaurant is fantastic.  I love Indian food and this is the best in town.  I have sampled many of the items on their buffet and liked them all.   I like spicy and/or savory, so the food could please people that liked mild or spicy.   In spite of HEATHER C. saying this is  in a "NEW" strip mall, the shopping center has been there for more than ten years.  In the late '90's, Atlanta Bread Company was in the opposite corner, and Ashman branch of the library is also here.
I can't remember going to an Indian restaurant in the past, so I wasn't sure what to order. I took a chance with a chicken dish and it was really good. The service was also very good. I'll return here again!
Very good food. The starters are good. Huge selection. I really liked this place.. This is one of the best indian buffet places I've been to.
This restaurant has some of the best Indian in town. Their samosas are obviously homemade, and their chicken tikka is so good. My husband loves the hot vindaloo, with chicken. We take out from here all the time!
This is one of my favorite Indian restaurants in Madison.  I always get the Chicken Vindaloo and my husband gets the Chicken Shahi Korma.  The ingredients are fresh and tastes authentic... love it!
LOVE this lunch buffet. Never been for dinner (that's why I gave it only 4 stars and not 5). The buffet is always excellent. Lots of variety with hot dishes, tons of flavor. Always some beloved common dishes and some surprises if you're looking to try new things. (I've seen goat curry.) The waitstaff is helpful and nice, and hands down for me it's the best Indian buffet in the city.
The first thing that struck us is how cocky this young waiter was.He was probably thinking "WE AT SWAGAT ARE THE BOMB!!". Son, I just moved here from the San Francisco bay area.I know and cook Indian food and trust me you are NOT the bomb.Far from it. Food was OK.Nothing exceptional and definitely not what the reviewers here are going ga ga about but that is personal choice.We tried the chicken tikka and the vindaloo which was flavorful but definitely not worth the price we were paying. Quantities were not adequate for the amount we were paying.Is Indian food really that expensive here in Madison? The prices here are ridiculously overpriced for Indian food and every single Indian restaurant has the same price range for all dishes which would make me believe that they have some sort of Indian restaurant owners union that decides on what the prices are going to be!! Another thing that irks me is the inclusion of south Indian food along with your Rogan Josh menu which raised a big flag for us regarding the quality of the food. No serious Indian restaurant owner would EVER include a idli sambar dosa on a menu that has Rogan Josh or biryani on it.PERIOD! Just looking at the quantity of dishes on the menu and we knew this was going to be your below average Indian fare.Definitely not coming back here.Unless of course the prices go down..way down.
The Paneer Tikka Masala here is literally my favorite dish at any restaurant ever.  The saag paneer, samosas, and verything else I've tried have been good too, but it's really hard to stray from the PTM. Service and atmosphere are mediocre, so I usually get take out, but the food alone merits 5 stars in my book.
From an Indian, I love Swagat!
Had carry-out once from Swagat. I may not be an expert on Indian curries, and I'm not usually one to criticize strongly, but I have ordered my fair share of saag paneer (favorite dish). In a word, bland...not that it wasn't spicy, but simply that it had basically no flavor. Bland enough that although Swagat is just down the road I have yet to be tempted to order a second dish. May try their lunch buffet someday to sample a range of their dishes, but until then, I'm underwhelmed...
Best indian food in town, Lunch Buffet is just AWESOME!!!
I haven't found a dish I don't like. The lunch buffet is great, but the lamb curry is even better. My wife and I are huge fans.
One of my favorite restaurants, I've eaten at Swagat many times for dinner and lunch, I've used their banqueting rooms, and I've hired them for catering.  It's good.  Really good.  With a few caveats - the lunch buffet is generally decent, but can be a little hit and miss, and a few of the dishes don't survive well under the heat lamps.  It's a fine enough way to sample a few things, but it's not the best way to experience indian food, because things don't always go together well.  Also, the default setting for spiciness is often "wisconsin spicy", particularly with the buffet.  However, they can, and will on request, bump up the spiciness (both the heat and otherwise).  Having the boti kabob at a spice level of what the chef said was "how he would eat it" was revelatory.  It wasn't blindingly hot, but it was deeply savory and complex in a manner that the "standard" spiciness wasn't.  Without asking,the standard spiciness can be a smidge bland.    Their menu is huge and features both north and south Indian specialties.  The north indian specialties seem to be the best best - the south Indian utthapam were good but the iddli were a little dry.   I've never had a bad tandoor dish there, though, and the naan is always excellent.   Service is almost always prompt and attentive.  Almost too attentive - it always seems like there's a waiter nearby trying to refill my water glass, which can be a bit disconcerting.  We hired them to cater our wedding, and it worked extremely well.  It was a big hit with our guests, the caterers showed up promptly with a nearly perfect amount of food (we had enough leftovers for a few lunches but we weren't swimming in leftover palak paneer), Mr. Singh was very friendly and helpful, setup was a breeze, and the price was quite reasonable.
Visiting the Madison area from northern Nevada, where Indian food choices are extremely limited. This was by far the best, most extensive Indian buffet I've had in the States. I lived in India for a year in the '80s and can't remember every single thing I loved to eat there, but I do remember spending many afternoons in Colaba in Bombay, eating Masala Dosas in a little upstairs restaurant. I'm always tickled when I find dosas on the menu at an Indian place, as it doesn't happen often.  We went out to dinner here, and our table of 6 let me do the ordering and recommendations. I was very impressed by the fact that when my husband ordered his meal "hot", they asked "Wisconsin hot, or India hot?" We're fairly adventurous eaters, so he said "India" and when he got it, it was definitely spicy. I wouldn't have wanted it much hotter, myself. I ordered the Masala Dosa, and  I wish the dosa itself had been a little crispier, but it was very good.  While we were eating, I saw a sign over the buffet that said Pani Puri! I was so excited - haven't had that since 1988 on the streets of Bombay. So, we went back for the buffet today, but no pani puri that I could see. After I tasted some of the other food, it didn't really matter. Nearly everything I tried was great! I generally never order Chicken Tikka Masala because we make it at home, and I almost never find a version out that I like better. When I eat Indian food out, I'd rather try the things I can't make myself. :) My husband tried it and said he likes ours better, so I didn't bother with it, as there was plenty else to enjoy.   Our waiter from dinner nearly a week ago saw us today and actually remembered that I liked masala dosas, which I find impressive. Even more impressive is that they had them in the buffet, too! Wow!  If we had a restaurant like this near us, we would be spending a ridiculous amount of money here. For those who like their Indian food more spicy (hot), all you have to do is ask. I personally feel this is a great representation of Indian food. As regards the price, I didn't find it excessive at all. I know how much money I spend at my attempts to make good Indian food at home (with all fresh ingredients) and figure you can spend what, $5-6 at McDonalds, getting a burger, fries and drink, or $10 for an all-you-can-eat tasty Indian buffet? No contest! Where we live, there's no way you're getting anything decent (ie - not fast food) for under $10 for lunch, so I thought the cost was absolutely reasonable.
I lost a recent lunch bet with a coworker, and he requested we settle the score with a lunch at Swagat.  I've only had Indian food one other time in my life, and that was in Chicago.  I thought I liked it, but didn't feel I would go too out of my way to seek it out in the future.  We arrived to Swagat at around 11:30am on a weekday.  The buffet was pristine - we were the first to arrive.  A friendly host seated us at a nice table, asked for our drink orders, and invited us to hit the buffet.  I'm not quite sure what I ate, but I can assure you it was tasty.  There was a marinated and baked fish appetizer, super fresh salad, a chili chicken dish, a wrapped potato item, mixed and seasoned veggies, and a deep fried veggie of some type - all were excellent, at least to my inexperienced palette.   My coworker indicated that it's his favorite local Indian food place - and he's Indian.  He said that he and his friends have found Swagat to be the most consistent place in Madison, but admitted they'd rather eat "back home" if given the chance.  I can only imagine!    As others have mentioned, the food here is NOT spicy at all - my coworker and I both enjoy a dish with some kick, and that was our only complaint - even when attempting to make things hotter, we failed.  So... if you're looking to give some tame Indian food a shot, be sure to visit Swagat's lunch buffet.  I'd recommend you visit on a weekday and be sure to arrive early - the place was incredibly busy by the time we left (around 12:30).  A buffet for two will run you $21.    I'll be back to this place, lunch bet or not.  Swagat = WIN  Service = 4 stars (prompt, friendly) Food = 4 stars (tasty; not sure if it's the real deal, but it's close enough) Value = 3.5 stars MISC = 3.5 stars (they just expanded their dining and bar area)
A tad pricey for dinner, but definitely tasty! The naan is served hot from the tandoor, and the chicken tikka masala is among the best I've had (although the "cubes" of chicken breast were more like large chunks). If you like paneer (Indian curd cheese), definitely try the paneer jalfrazie. Finally, the mango lassis are outstanding, with lots of mango flavor!
My family came in for the lunch buffet and it was literally the worst service in the world. After we finished eating we decided to sit and settle our stomachs before we left and literally not even a couple minutes later one of the waiters came up to us and said, " Aren't you ready to leave yet? We have people waiting so we need you to leave so we can clean the table."   Are you kidding me?! SERIOUSLY!? That was more than rude, that was unacceptable! I get that you're busy, but to push us out like that? We just finished eating! I guess all they really care about is the money, not the customers satisfaction.  Never coming back.
Great if you are looking for Indian comfort food.  Their lunch buffet was beyond reasonable in price and had a tremendous selection that was kept freshly replenished throughout the brunch time.  Skip the naan that they bring to the table and try the garlic naan on the buffet,  We feasted on so many vegetarian items as well as "grilled" fish (that appeared to be breaded, and was delicious), and some very tasty chicken.  The Tandoori chicken was a bit dry and the other was delicious, but breaded and fried.  So.. good comfort food.  Many more fried items than the Indian buffet I frequent on the Square downtown Madison, but very delicious.  The vanilla pudding with fruit chunks of pineapple and papaya is comfort food at it's best.  Enjoy when you are famished.
Swaggy P.  Where do I even begin.  This restaurant is amazing.  First, you need to go at lunch but that'll be obvious to you if you eat at Indian Restaurants as the buffet has a wide variety of dishes and like most it is inexpensive - $10.    That's not the reason to go to a restaurant though.  I'd pay $50 for this buffet, it's that good.  It blows Maharaja out of the water both with selection and taste and that's saying a lot as they are no slouch.  The service is friendly and the space is setup so that I personally feel more attended to than at Maharaja.  The na'an is great too.  Best dish?  That's like asking if you like the badgers or the packers better; it's all good.  The Tikka Marsala is probably tops though, and I love all the dough-wrapped entrees.  All the rice is scrumptious, and the curries are grade-A.  I'm overdoing it though, you just need to stop reading and drive there now.  On yeah and the fish is quite tasty; do not skip it.  Rivals Samba for my favorite restaurant in Madison, hope you like it as much as I do!
This place is great!  We usually get carry out and the medium spice.  I have been to the buffet, but I have found it usually not as spicy as I like.  Still, the buffet is very good.    I recommend Swagat for Indian in Madison!
On a recommendation, we went to Swagat for lunch.  The buffet was a bit smaller than Maharajah or Maharani but a lack of flavor it was not!  None of us left hungry that day.  Service was acceptable and the food was hot and plentiful.  We went for lunch on a Saturday.  We paid $14 a piece, Dinner prices.  I will come back next time for lunch during the week.
Still somewhat new to Indian food, but went with family as this is one of their favorite spots. The food was good and I would go with the medium spicy flavorful for the full effect. The waiters seemed nice
Went for the lunch buffet ($10).  Service was good.  They brought a basket of hot, fresh naan to my table and it was 5 stars.  The buffet itself, as others have mentioned, is hit-or-miss.  Everything isn't quite as spicy as it should be, so make sure to get some of the pickle, mango chutney, and spicy sauces to go along with whatever you have.   I'll have to stop by for dinner one of these days and I know I'll be going back for lunch.    Forgot to try the desserts so I can't comment on them.
It is very hard to find Indian restaurants that carry southern India options so I'm a fan of Swagat for that alone. Their dosa's are huge and filling for two meals, especially with an app. My husband ordered goat, and quickly remembered why he does not order goat out, typically very boney and fatty, which was the case for Swagat. All in all, we will be back for more dosa!
Tried this place once, small lunch buffet - really small - the vegetarian items were really salty. Service was ok, probably never coming back as there are better places to eat than here.
Love this place. Well worth the drive to the west side. I've eaten here about four times,  only for dinner. I've had their veggie samosas, chicken tikka masala, chana masala, chicken vindaloo, tandoori chicken, mango lassi, and naan. I've dined-in three times and was seated pretty quickly however, one night I came to pick up my to-go order on a Friday evening and waited about 30 min (which was in addition to the time they told it would be ready). At any rate, it's delicious food and is an establishment I will continue to frequent.
Very good. Could use less MSG, but a fantastic deal! The quality of food is pretty good, which is why I think it could omit the MSG.
This place gets three stars for it's dinner options, which are wonderful. However, I would call service here sub par. As in, if you are able to ever order a soda, do not expect to be able to flag down the waiter to get a refill...ever. I went to the lunch buffet once, and while it was ok, as many reviewers have said, the food is lukewarm. I also didn't like that the naan was covered in garlic/butter. And service at the lunch buffet was non-existent. I waited 15 minutes before I could order a soda. I still recommend this place to people, but just be prepared for long waits and less than average service.
Well, color me impressed.   I feel like I drove to the end of time to meet a friend, I was concerned about it's strip-mall-y-ness, but at the end of the day, I left fulfilled and felt like I got some decent bang for my buck! In truth it was a little expensive, 11 bucks as compared to the 6 buck buffet near my house in Tucson, but I'm told city comparisons are a yelpeve ;) so omit that editorial if you're thinking about dining. There are PLENTY of vegetarian options, and because I'm always weirded out by buffet meat, I was thrilled to see chick pea and lentil a plenty! I found it odd that the garlic naan was on the buffet but they brought regular plain naan. Sort of wish those were switched. And the salad is totally pass-over-able (a word?) as was dessert. My lunch date loves the mango ice cream, I'm concerned that it's a color that doesn't actually exist normally in this world.
Most important fact you need to know: Swagat serves decent South Indian cuisine. You can find these items on the last page of their menu.   We ordered their masala dosa, which is a crispy savory crepe made from lentil/rice flour and wrapped around spiced potatoes. This dosa was the size of a leg of lamb. It came with a cup of bland but spicy soup, a welcome break from the dense filling, and two types of sauces. I will order this again.   It was my first time trying tamarind rice and it came with a creamy pachadi sauce. Eaten together, this dish was a series of senses-blowing contradictions that I didn't know existed. It was soft but crunchy, tart but creamy, fragrant but earthy. The rice was studded with these nutty seeds, or maybe just tiny nuts, which I wasn't sure I could eat at first. I imagined this is what a squirrel must feel like having just discovered premium-grade bird feed. My life is changed.   Their chicken madras, dark meat cooked in a sauce with coconut and herbs, came with rice. This was good, but I like almost anything cooked in coconut.   Service is no-nonsense and a bit detached. After the first 3 bites of food I forgave them though, and our waiter was nice enough split our mango lassi into two glasses when we said we wanted to share one.   Of course, the experience wouldn't be complete without a spoonful of digestive near the entryway - anise seeds and candy coated fennel seeds. I left with a round belly and looking forward to leftovers. I love a place where I can get two full meals for the price of one.
Vindaloo, Vindaloo, Vindaloo, Vindaloo, na na Vindaloo, Vindaloo, Vindaloo, Vindaloo, na na Vindaloo, Vindaloo and we all like vindaloo  I had the chicken vindaloo for lunch and the portion size was good for two lunches. I tone down the spice at lunchtime because I have to talk to people for a living, but even the "medium" had a nice bite to it and the flavor of the vindaloo sauce is deep and rich.   However, I'm not impressed by quality of the chicken. There seems to be a lot of dark meat and pieces that if I were eating the chicken by itself, I would push aside. There are other Indian restaurants where the chicken is white meat pieces, and I strongly prefer that.   Overall, Swagat is a good place. The staff and ownership are friendly and they know what they're doing with the sauces. The lunch buffet is always a treat as well.
Excellent food, some of the best Indian dining in the city. They take the trouble to rotate different dishes at their lunch buffet, not just the same old same old.
I love Indian cuisine so I was excited to try Swagat since I drive by it everyday.    First off the outside does not match the inside.  I was expecting more contemporary decor.  For me it was airy and stark.  Not a warm environment.  The buffet line was kept clean and full which is nice.  Everyone working were busy which is nice also.  Many restaurants have a gaggle of people just standing around but not here.  My only real complaint is that I didn't get my drink I asked for.  But my water was kept full.  Wasn't the best I have had but definitely the best I have had so far in Madison.
Been here several times for the lunch buffet and have always found it to be delicious.  I have had Indian cuisine a handful of times, and this is absolutely the best so far.  Several times I've been here was with Indian friends I work with periodically.  They agreed it is very good however some of the flavors are adjusted to match American tastes.    I look forward to my next visit.
I love ordering takeout from Swagat! And of course it's always best when you order a load of food and share with great friends.  This was some of the best chicken tikka I've ever had. Perfectly spiced and rich.   The samosas were delicate on the outside and a hearty mix of potatoes and peas on the inside.   The aloo mutter and chana masala were also fabulous! And everything was still piping hot after the drive home.  And of course, the best way to finish off Indian is with an order of gulab jamun!   Our total came to about $70, which served the seven of us dinner (we were stuffed!), and we even had some leftovers. Totally reasonable!
In my opinion, this is the best Indian food in Madison. The service is also excellent. The prices are high, but that is the case for all of the Indian restaurants in town. I would recommend going to the buffet as it is the best value overall.
I am an Indian and I love Indo-chinese food. Was excited to see manchurian on the menu Worst Manchurian you can have!! The uttapam was very sour too! Had some chaat which was okay. I told the waiter that the manchurian was really bad and he did nothing about it. Do not recommend :/
When I visit Madison, Swagat is always on my list of restaurants. Always fantastic. Always friendly.
Pretty darn fantastic! Lunch Buffet, great selection with all your Indian Classics along with some great apps & street foods!  Good service, great food, bargain.  Go, Becuz you will not be disappointed
I have been a fan ever since I decided to try the Curry House. Finally, a restaurant within the vicinity of my home!  I have been to my share of Indian restaurants, and let me tell you, I am finally happy to say that there is one up to par with my standards. Phoenix does not offer various culinary adventures, or restaurants that make my taste buds water by just hearing the name. Curry House has proved me wrong.  The Chicken Tikka Masala is impeccable, and Curry House offers various other dishes as well. I suppose the reason why I adore it so much is because the food tastes like food you could get in India. Many other restaurants try to emulate this style, but Curry House has succeeded.
Not bad. Stopped in to grab some take-out Chicken Tikka Masala and Naan. The sauce was very good, as was the naan, but the chicken "felt" as though it might be under-cooked. I was surprised that I didn't get any rice or anything with the tikka masala, just a tub of chicken in sauce.  I'll happily give them another try though, when I have time to eat in.
We went there for dinner. Food is not bad, above average but the place is not clean enought. For ex: waitress put the extra plates back to the shelf from our table. They had been sitting on our tables a while and how could she be sure that we did not use them at all? She need to take them back and have someone to clean them before putting them back on shelf. Pirce is bit high. I rather go to Elephant bar for paying about the same price.
Eh.... 2.5 stars, maybe? 3? Not sure, yet.  After looking at the menu online, I really wanted to like this place. The menu has some creativity to it, unlike the template-North-Indian-restaurant-menus you find at many of the Indian restaurants in the Valley. Aside from offering things like korma, kadai, vindaloo, etc. with a variety of options (chicken, lamb, paneer, shrimp or fish for each) they also have some other more unusual choices, like one of my favorite dishes, mattar malai methi (creamy fenugreek and peas). And dahi vada in the appetizers... I couldn't wait to check it out. Unfortunately, three friends and I went at lunchtime on a Saturday - and there was a buffet. So I didn't get to try any of those tempting dishes.  The restaurant itself, while  decorated a little haphazardly (Chinese paintings?) is bright and clean. There's a TV on a wall, which happened to be playing one of my favorite Bollywood movies...so I was still excited about the place.  But...after tasting the food...meh.  The buffet was all right.. but nothing to write home about. Pluses? Once again, it had something different..fish curry as well as an Indian-style Chinese dish or two. So that was cool. But the food was just so-so. I was there fwith three other people - one of them said the cuts of meat, especially the chicken, were of higher quality than most Indian buffets. But he didn't like the sauces so much. One other friend said he liked the tikka masala, but that was about it. As for the vegetarians, well, we didn't have a lot of choices. Veggie manchurian (which was pretty good), a very bland chana masala and some pea/carrot thing that reminded me more of baby food than anything else. The dessert was just all right, too. And the rice was very bland.  So, overall, I wasn't impressed. But I don't want to judge the place too harshly based just on the buffet. After all, Curry House was packed on a Saturday afternoon, so I'm thinking maybe it's got something better to offer me.. I'll have to go back for dinner and see what their non-buffet selections taste like before I totally write this place off my list.
It's tasty and reasonably priced.  Service has always been good.  I have been here 4 times, twice for lunch and twice for dinner.  Dinners are usually big enough to take some home, so I think it's a reasonable price.
The sad thing about reviews of Phoenix Indian restaurants are made by non-Indians and others who have no real experience with Indian food. The reviews of Curry Leaf are an example of that.  This is not a restaurant by any means.  This is fast food Indian.  The food was bland and tasteless.  I'm Indian so I know what I'm talking about.  I ordered a Chicken Tikka Masala "wrap"  The chicken was dry and had little sauce. It was also expensive.  It was made by some Auntie who has no experience cooking; she is not a professional cook.    I hate to write this review because the people were nice and it's in a nice convenient location but I was very disappointed.  It really looked as if a couple quit their jobs and decided to open an eatery.  It was very cheap looking and they charged a lot of money for very subpar food. I know we need more Indian restaurants/eateries in the Phoenix area but at the same time we should have standards. This place would clearly not be in business in a city with several quality Indian restaurants like Dallas, Houston, NY, Chicago, LA and SF have.
Really good. I'm writing from the table. Full as the day is long. Hot girl in the movie on the screen. Music could stay or go... If I lived within 30 miles of this place I'd be back all the time.
I felt so tricked after trying this place out. I read about it on azcentral.com and decided to give it a try since it got rave reviews. I was super eager because it is actually on my side of town for once. There are practically no Indian eateries in Chandler. My friend and I arrived on a Friday night. The first thing that greeted us upon our entering? A table of about eight monks, all decked out like the ones you see in Chinese action movies, silent around a table, I kid you not. When we walked in, they all craned their heads to look at us. . . unblinking. I wondered if it was some kind of aesthetic effect the owners were going for.  Add to that creepiness was the fact that no one else was in the restaurant. . .on a FRIDAY night. I didn't see any staffers walking around. We were at this point VERY uncomfortable and were actually backing out the door when a woman emerged from the back. She caught us--we were trapped. So we took a table. I ordered a chicken marsala dish and my friend only ordered their dessert because their prices were ridiculously high. When our orders came out, I was kinda shocked at how small the portions were, considering what they wanted us to pay. So I eagerly dug into my meal--and almost spit the chicken out. It was mushy and tasteless. The sauce seem to consist of water and hmmm, let's see, more water?  It was such a disappointing experience I haven't been back since. The only plus? The owner was really nice and pleasant. I just kinda suspect that they have a Korean person back there attempting Indian cuisine.
Is this restaurant now closed? I tried to call in an order tonight and the line has been disconnected. I tried the number on yelp, their website and google.
Do NOT go here!  It used to be Taste of India or something like that.  I went out of my way on a weekly basis to go there.  Until just last weekend.  Ugh.  The pakoori were plain old fried veggies.  The Chicken Tikka Masala had chunks of...something white.  The chicken itself seemed ok (how can you screw up tandoori???) but I will never, EVER go there agin! NE corner 32nd St and Greenway. *sigh*
I fully agree with Amy D. --- this place SUCKS!!! Definitely the worst Indian restaurant in the valley and perhaps the states.
I'm suprised this place is still in business. This place used to be "India Palace."  The owners relocated to a brand new establishment at 35th and Bell which has a much nicer ambience.  The owners then decided to make this old location "Zest of India" which was supposed to be their cute way of offering a variety of styles (north and south) indian food. Instead, this place has become a joke. It's a mediocre cheap Indian restaurant.  I'm honestly suprised this place is still in business. Hey, when the non-Indians are ripping on this place, you know it's bad.
The Guru Palace is a great place to take to impress a date, if your date is easily impressed by a $20.00, a rose on your table, and run of the mill Indian food.  My date, is generally not impressed by that kind of stuff, but most of the time we go dutch on the bill, and why pay $20.00 for food you can get cheaper somewhere else.  It's an al a carte restaurant.  You want rice, bread, garnish, you'll have to buy it separately.  The food is tasty, but it's not head and shoulders above the other Indian restaurants in the Valley.  I suspect that a lot of what you pay for is the ambiance.  The place has great ambiance; I mean there is a single red rose on every table.  There's even a little side area where you can sit at what I assume is a low to the ground traditional Indian dining table with lots of pillows.
I went here on Sunday after I picked up my roommate from the airport. His flight was delayed so I was driving in circles with some serious hunger pangs. We decided to go get Indian food because we haven't had any since we moved here a couple of months ago. We had the Lamb Saag, Aloo Palak, and Garlic naan with complimentary papadum. Everything we ordered was great, esp. the Lamb Saag.   So, now I'm on Yelp reading the review that Phil G has written, and I have to respectfully disagree. Although, this was the first time I had Indian food in the valley, it was super delicious. The only thing that prevents me from giving it a 5 star rating that it is a tad pricey and service left something to be desired in terms of friendliness (maybe its because I asked for tamarind sauce to go with the papadum since it only came with one (mint?) chutney and that was totally blasphemous out here, and they couldn't look at me the same way again... I was told the tamarind chutney didn't really go with the papadum, and they were totally right... it was super sweet and wasn't what I was used to ) On the other hand, my water was never empty and they have really cool lighting.   Some points of disagreement are that they are NOT strictly an a la carte place. They have an all you can eat lunch buffet, which I imagine as being equally as yummy from 11-2:30 PM for $8.99 a head ($5.99 for the kiddies under 8). I completely plan on making a visit during lunch hours and stuffing my face on a day when I miss being home or being with my boy because we always go out to eat Indian food together.  (Ah, the life of a graduate student...)   All in all, I think the food was totally worth it because its been days, and all I can do is think about going back and how yummy everything was.
I too disagree with Phil G -- a guy who is, apparently, no-frills and quite concerned with money (perhaps 'cheap' comes to mind).  While I agree it's not your typical very-inexpensive Indian food buffet, I do feel the extra couple of bucks is worth it for:  a) consistently fresh, great quality food b) a clean/stylish restaurant c) an Indian restaurant with a full bar  I've been to India -- and while I'd never claim this makes me any sort of food expert, I will say that while I was there I ate twice at a restaurant named Bukhara -- considered by many to be the greatest Indian restaurant in the world.  So, if nothing else, I have the luck of knowing what the best Indian cuisine tastes like (mind-blowing, by the way).  I've also recently eaten in an Indian restaurant in Tempe where I found a 2 inch long metal shaving in my food and the food tasted days old.  So, let's say I rank the place in Tempe a 3 out of 10 and I rank the place in Delhi a 10 out of 10.  Guru Palace ranks an 8.  Pretty damned good for Mesa, AZ -- or anywhere else for that matter.  As for the friendliness....well, maybe they're not trying to be your best buddy from the day they meet you like they do at, for example, TGI Fridays.....but then, um, well.....they're from India -- a place where folks are much more reserved than Americans.  The people at the restaurant are quite pleasant -- calm and polite.  What more do you want from a server?  Anyway, I highly encourage everyone to give Guru Palace a try.  They have an awesome lunch buffet and a great dinner menu, too.
Came here on the recommendation by a friend who had come during their lunch menu buffet.  We came at dinner time. Not a lot of people but this is likely due to their location which is located at a strip mall next to Trader Joe's and tucked behind a bank. The food was quite good.  Garlic Naan was hot and flavorful, Roti bread was good.  The rice was excellent but at 3 to 4 dollars a bowlful quite expensive a la carte.  Chicken Tikki Masala was very good.  Lamb was done very well.  All sauces were done excellently and had wonderful flavor.  Having eaten at other Indian places in Boston, Santa Monica, and Fremont Ca (the Bombay Palace).  I've had very authentic Indian food and this place rates highly.   The cons are that being Indian food tends be be labor intensive, the prices are quite high.   Service was attentive and excellent.  Decor was subdued and lighting was low and intimate.   I would have given 4 stars only if they had not priced so high on what would be staples (rice and Naan).
I've been scouring the Valley for a good Indian food place and was hoping that Guru Palace would/could be it.  I was mistaken. It's not bad, it's not good. It's just kind of ... there. I'll eat there again if someone suggests it, but I won't go out of my way to offer it as a place for my friends and I to gather.  I was there for the lunch time buffet that was priced at $8.99.  Not bad. My friend and I were offered naan and I was about to say yes when my friend asked if we would be charged extra for it - we weren't.  They had chicken tikka masala and chicken korma out. The chicken tikka masala was ok, but nothing to write home about, as was the chicken korma. I decided to sample their palak paneer and found it was the best thing they had. I also tried their curried pakora...big mistake. I like pakora, but to combine it in a generic yellow curry sauce was a mistake. It just wasn't right. It didn't taste right either - neither to myself or my friend.  As I said, the food was ok. I was impressed with the decor and the overall cleanliness of the restaurant.  The servers were attentive and friendly. I swear, for every sip of water I took, someone was there topping off my glass. I like that.  I'll give it a go again and see if they can change my rating...but I'll wait till a friend suggests we go.
Guru Palace has quickly become the favorite lunch spot of mine, and another coworker. While I wouldn't typically recommend an Indian lunch buffet - this place has a great one. It's like $8 and the selection is much wider than what is typically served at other buffets -- and the dishes changes from day-to-day so that's nice, too. Along with the ever-present chana masala and chicken tikka masala, there's usually several other veggie dishes, like pureed eggplant, or eggplant and potato... it's all quite good. There are always three desserts, too, and the chai is delicious. The highpoints, however, are the fresh garlic naan they bring (best in the Valley, IMO) and the very friendly waitstaff, who I think are the owners, too.
We all piled in the car and headed to Mesa for some Indian food. For whatever reason we've all been dying for some Indian food this past week.. dreaming of naan bread, Id been waking up with a puddle on my tummy.. it was time to fulfill my dreams and desires.. all you can eat style!!  The garlic naan here is simply amazing and they bring basket after basket.. the buffet items were all freshly prepared and delicious. The group favorite was the chicken masala.. super tender white meat chicken in a creamy yogurt sauce. From the lentils to the chick peas, every thing we tried was super great! Okay except for.. the tandoori chicken.. dry as a pop corn fart.   I hope I'm not alone in my naan bread dreams.. they seemed so real!
This little strip mall Indian restaurant gets a bonus point for being so beautiful inside.  Very contemporary with traditional flair.  It gets minus one point beacuse it was hot.  Was thA/C broken or was the food's spicey nature taking advantage of me?  It was slightly unpleasant but I will get over it.  The Guru Palace get's 3 solid stars on it's very friendly helpful service and it's wonderful food.  I have only dined here twice and it was consitantly good. This time from the $8.99 buffett I tried the Palaak Paneer which is excellent. I of course had a piece of the Tandoori Chicken (thigh piece, I think.  I have a thing for meat on the bone-don't care for it.  That's  why I prefer Chicken Tikka.)  It was good but not as good as the Chicken Marsala.  Pungent and very flavorful. The rice was a differnt form today-not basmati which I prefer.  There was a new dish I did not recognize called Mushroom Matar (?).  It was delicious with bits of onion and peas in a tangy light gravy of sort.  I also enjoy the garlic naan.  No papdum was offerred this time.  I did enjoy a split of champagne which compliments the delightful spicey flavors without filling you up. I was so warm from the lack of a/c and hot spicy achaar chutney (my favorite) that I was melting like the wicked witch at my table.  The service was very friendly and I don't know how anyone could call this expensive.  I thought it was downright cheap!  $3.99 for champagne plus two full plates of great food.  It is a great place to stop in for reliable food, kind staff and beutiful dining room.
Sad to see all the hating; up until Guru Palace popped up, we were driving out to Bell for our tasty Indian fix.  Guru Palace gets major points for being so gorgeous inside, and for the low-down Indian seating.  Even though it's a la carte, you can share pretty much anything.  I've been here on dates for less than $50 and a full full belly.  The brilliance of Guru Palace, however, is the $9 buffet with unlimited chai tea, and as much goodness as you can manage.  I think Guru Palace makes a good place for a date, but hell, on a Sunday afternoon when you've got the cravings for naan and paneer?  Guru is where it's at.
2 words...  GARLIC NAN!  Enough said!    The wife and I went for lunch...buffet was good.  Had a lot of stuff for her too.  Garlic Nan was made fresh and it was YUMMY!
The entire time I was here I kept thinking back to the scene in The Namesake where the family is eating together during the father's funeral.  Morbid I know, but when I watched the film, all I wanted was some good Indian food and living in Chandler these days, I knew that was going to be difficult to come by.  At least until I found Guru Palace that is.  The bhindi (okra) was perfect.  Crispy, not soggy.  All of the sauces were of the non-oily Indian variety (a serious plus) and my wife moaned a few times while swirling her garlic nan/chicken tikka masala burrito (her invention) around in her mouth.  Damn chicken tikka masala and its power over the one woman in my life!  The only sad part of the experience was not seeing gajar halva (carrot pudding) on the menu.  GP starts making that and its deliciousness matches the rest of the food and five stars will be imminent.
Let me preface this by saying I'm Indian and regularly dine at Indian restaurants in the valley so if you are someone like me who is interested in reading something other than "Their buffet was a great deal... " , then read on.  Wait, while I'm at it, people, please don't view Indian restaurants like Chinese buffets. It's not about how much you can pile on your plate. In fact, Indian Restaurants put out their worst food at buffets because they know the mainstream only care about piling on bad food as long as its cheap. For the rest of us who care about quality, this review is for you.   I think you will be impressed with this restaurant. If you are Indian and you have lived in Phoenix, you know the Phoenix metro lacks quality Indian restaurants and you settle on the ones they have. That being said, this is truly a normal Indian restaurant that you are used to from back home (NY, Chicago, LA, SF, Boston, Dallas, Houston etc.)  First, the restaurant was clean and open. It had vaulted ceilings and plenty of space so it wasn't claustrophobic inside.  The ambience was nice yet not stuffy.  It was trendy enough but not overly cliche with cheesy gold and brass everywhere.  The service was great and timely.  The waiters were Indians who were American raised so they could speak English. Most of the Indian restaurants in the valley hire Hispanics or Indians who don't speak English well so that was a plus. It's location is a plus. Although technically the restaurant is in Mesa, think Gilbert because the restaurant is basically at the intersection at Gilbert and Baseline right at the border of Gilbert and Mesa so it's in a nice area that is safe.   The Food: This is a true Punjabi owned and operated restaurant so their north Indian dishes are the real thing. Their chicken tikka masala had a nice smooth and consistent texture that was not grainy or overly creamy. The meat was succulent and not overcooked.  The naan was great and it's hard to criticize it but honestly, I've had better naan at other restaurants. Their naan was a little doughy but at least it was large and not some cheap small portion (India Palace).  The palak paneer is honestly the best in the city.  It wasn't soupy/liquidy in consistency like most of the restaurants.  It had flavor and was cooked perfectly.  Palak Paneer is a tough dish to make and most of the Phoenix restaurants mess it up by making this cream of spinach soup rather than a proper sabji.  Their malai kofta was their only real flaw of the evening as the kofta balls were not properly fried nor did they maintain their shape.  It was more or less just a curry. It was improperly cooked.   This is the best Indian restaurant in the valley.  Royal Taj in Tempe is a close second but this is the best
4.5 stars.  5 stars is PERFECT and I've yet to eat anywhere that makes me dream of it constantly :-).  But for Indian food on the east valley, this is really, really good.  The staff is friendly and authentic.  The lunch buffet is plentiful with your favorites of Tikka Masala, curry, pakora, palak paneer, naan, rice, etc.  All really, really good stuff -- and for all-you-can-eat, the price is absolutely right!  Also a good place for dinner with friends.  The dinner portions for friend sharing are a bit small (i.e., if you are in a group of 8 and everyone wants tikka masala -- you may want to order 3).  That's my only complaint though and they don't advertise to be family style anyway.  It's really good and if you live in the east valley and like Indian food, check it out!
After reading all the positive reviews I decided to try out the buffet on Sunday afternoon.  My husband and I loved everything! The quality was spectacular and everything was super fresh.  The buffet offers  deliciously seasoned basmati rice (my favorite in Phoenix), chicken curry, chicken masala, pakora, palak paneer, goat curry, salad, fruit, tandoori chicken, chai tea, and regular or garlic naan.  There were a few other items, but I don't remember what they were called.  We ordered the garlic naan and it was to die for. It was perfectly grilled and had just the right amount of garlic brushed on it.  For only $8.99 it was one hell of a bargain. The atmosphere is also very nice with beautiful paintings and decorative fixtures. They also play soothing music.  We knew the place was going to be good when half of the patrons were Inidan. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone on the east valley. We will definitely return on the weekends for the buffet!
Simply the best indian food in the Phoenix area.  I know the difference between the good and the mediocre when it comes to indian food having grown up on it so trust me when I say this is the good stuff.  Guru delivers the goods when it comes to spicy traditional dishes served in a cozy modern indian themed setting.  Don't expect amazing service, come for the food and you'll be happy.  My favorites are the Chili Chicken as a starter and anything cooked on in the tandoori oven for the main course.
After visting this place it is clear that all the reviews you see above are FAKE!!Read the reviews closely and you will see that the construction and grammer of the sentences are all the same. Infact you can go to the website of gurupalace and you will see that a full page is devoted to giving the links of these reviews!!I i know exactly what GOOD INDIAN FOOD is all about and this place is no where near even AVERAGE. You get dozens of places of this class in and around Arizona. The garlic naan which is described in every review is absolute nonsense. You cannot even get a whiff of garlic. And some of them are like PAPADS! The malai kofta was extremely irregular. While the first serving I had was bland, the next serving was very salty.The price is qouted at 8.99 and this is nothing great or no big deal. Every indian buffet in Arizona will cost you the same. And there was no masala chai as they advertise!!The waitresses are extremely useless and there were times they would just throw up. And to top it all, they make you pay the bill by asking you to walk up to the counter !! Again there is nothing so authentic of the look and feel of the place. Just plain .I could also see some non Indians making a point to the owners that the food was not authentic indian fare but the owner was adamant that his food was equisite!!Anyway who wants to argue?Just avoid this place.The table was also not cleared regularly and there were not enough plates also.On top of all this, people like me and you get fooled by the great reviews posted on this site and there is always a mad rush here but I can assure you that all those people who form the rush at this place are first timers like me who will never return again.
Whenever I have a head cold I run out for Indian food.  It opens up the sinuses and is very comforting.  I stumbled across the Guru Palace after a hair appointment and was delighted.  Great atmosphere, polite, and friendly staff, and excellent food.  I ordered the Chicken Vindaloo, the Vegetable Biryani, and the Bengan Bhartha, all to go.  It was all I ate for the next three days.  It was yummy, with the perfect amount of spice and texture that I was craving.  The manager (owner?) was helpful in suggesting dishes which would suit my tastes and needs and made me feel very comfortable during my wait.  I highly recommend Guru Palace for take out or eating at the restaurant.
It's been a couple of weeks now since my bf and I went to Guru Palace but the experience is memorable so it's easy to review now.  Everything we ordered was delicious.  I ordered the Chicken Korma, my bf ordered the Tandoori Mixed Grill.  We also tried the Palak Paneer.  And naturally ordered some rice and garlic naan to go along with it all.  I loved the Chicken Korma.  Tender pieces of chicken in that heavenly sauce.  Scooping it up with the garlic naan is the best.    The flavor of the Mixed Grill was scrumptious.  The lamb was a little tough, thus the reason I'm only giving Guru Palace four stars.  If I had to go by flavor alone, they would absolutely get a five!  The Palak Paneer was just the right mix of creamy spinach and cheese.    We ordered everything mild and the staff checked back a couple of times to make sure the spice level was good for us.  It was great, in fact I'd say next time we might be willing to go up to medium.    Having ordered so much there was plenty to take home and our server boxed everything up for us so we didn't have to do it.    When my bf ordered a Heineken, the server very astutely steered him to an Indian beer.  It was perfect with the food.  Thanks, Guru Palace!  We'll definitely be back.
I have always enjoyed Indian food and it can be tough to get something good in AZ.  There is a lot of average stuff but Guru Palace is excellent.  They have a small floor seating section for those that want to get the full experience.  We did that once but we were so full after I had to roll out of the place.  The wait staff is always friendly and someone always stops by to check on how everything tastes and the spice level.    They have a nice selection of Indian beers.  They come in handy when you order it spicy.  The vegetarian, tandoori and non-vegetarian dinners are a great option if you want variety.   Their tandoori is surprisingly moist and is very tasty.  Lately we have just started trying different things on the menu and haven't been disappointed with anything but I will list a few of my favorites.  The Chili Chicken appetizer is awesome, trust me on that.  It is spicey and sweet (which isn't usually my favorite) but the balance is perfect.  Anything spinach is great for veg dishes as well as the lentils, eggplant, and potatoes.  We (1 male - 1 female)  usually get one appetizer, naan, 2 entrees, rice, and a few beers.  There is always leftovers.  We usually go midweek or on a Sunday but chose to go on Friday.  The place was very busy and there were 3 large parties of what I presume were Indian folks.  That is always a good sign when searching good ethnic food.  It seems the only poor reviews are from buffet goers.  If you go looking for cheap food and lots of it, the leftovers from the day before probably won't be as good as ordering it fresh at night.  Expect that, it is a buffet! But if you are looking for good food and aren't trying to shovel in the most calories try out dinner and you shouldn't be disappointed.  Nobody judges a place based on the buffet.  That is like complaining about the day-old bagels being too hard.
I came with my foodie friends for the lunch buffet. I tried just about everything and ended up eating far more than I should have.  Most dishes were mildly flavored; I prefer more "kick" to my curry, and was slightly disappointed. My favorites were the creamed spinach and cauliflower and potato curry; they offered the best combination of flavor and texture. The spinach had chunks of soft cheese, adding just the right balance of flavor and texture to the dish.   The service is friendly and efficient. I'll come back; it's a great value for lunch and the food is good. I recommend it.
With a $2 discount currently advertised for Yelpers, I decided to move this place up to the top of my "Buffets to Visit" list & drop in today.  Let's get the negatives out of the way first:  *  Music was playing too loudly, at full listening volume.  *  The daytime lighting wasn't right.  It was a little dark where I was sitting, & glary bright at certain other tables.  For the place to be comfortable in the daytime, they should even it up.  *  There were no booths, & all the tables were large, & set for four.  If it has to be a table, I wish it were a smaller one.  The few other diners there with me were ones & twos also, sitting in a forest of empty place settings.  Now the good news:  *  This is a mid-sized place with stylish decor.  *  The table service was excellent, & started with me being offered the opportunity to choose between two nann breads, plain or garlic.  I went for the garlic flavored, & it was delicious!  *  There were 19 trays of food out (generous for an Indian buffet), & everything was displayed in a clean, properly set up serving line.  The tableware was fancy & the china was all shiny clean, as was the whole place.  *  The food was hearty, not soupy, except the lentil soup, which is supposed to be.  They don't try to fill you up on water here!  *  There's enough MEAT!  (Don't get me started!)  *  All the food was delicious!  (That's ONE thing, isn't it?)  Lunch Buffet, including hot Indian-style tea:  $8.99  Yelpie Special (right now anyway) $6.99.
It's slipped a notch! A little disappointed this time. The Tandoori chicken was disappointing but better than most places in Phoenix. They served it sizzling but there were only 4 pieces of chicken which is small. Most Tandoori chicken serves 6-8 pieces and the pieces are generally bigger; I've eaten at many Indian restaurants all over the country and that is fairly standard for a good Indian restaurant but for whatever reason, NONE of the Indian restaurants in Phoenix can manage to produce the type of quality Tandoori chicken that you get in NY, Boston, Dallas, Houston etc. The chicken wasn't marinated either so the meat wasn't as flavorful. The Tandoori chicken at Taj Mahal is better and more flavorful. The service was also a little lackluster. It depends on who you get as your server. The female servers are really nice but one of the gentleman who waits tables is not that friendly and he essentially forgot about us.  Furthermore, the Chicken Vindaloo claims it has pieces of white mean on the menu but it was all dark meat chicken which is a little careless and cheap on behalf the restaurant. I've also been served the wrong curry in the past and had to argue my case (it was obvious, you can't mistake chicken tikka masala for another curry)  At this point, I would have to say Taj Mahal is the best Indian restaurant in the city. Their service is better and the so is their food but Guru palace is still excellent and the second or third best restaurant but was disappointed.
Simply aweful!  The place had bugs.  Their food made me sick!
The Guru Pitka woud eat at this Guru Palace.  They have an excellent Lunch buffett with choice of plain or garlic nan.  Good service.  Family owned.  Very Authentic.  Make sure you check the New Times for Coupons.  I think it's normally 8.99 but with coupon it's 5.99/pp.  Try a taste of everything.  Bring your friends for something different for lunch.  You can only eat so many burgers and fries.    Food was Hot.  Good quality.  Restaurant was clean.  Attentive service.  I highly reccomend.
My husband and i are adventerous eaters and wanted to try something new.  We were  first in the door at lunch and  quickly seated by a very nice male server whose name escapes me. He made recommendations for our meal as well as a great Indian beer.   Food was incredible. I only wish i had a larger stomach to try more. i'm definately going back  for the buffett.
Having frequented the owners (or owners family) other establishment (Indian Delhi Palace), I was super excited when this placed opened (a while back, but just getting around to a review) as it's a mile from my house.  In my opinion, nothing is better hangover/post drinking food than an Indian Buffet.  The heavy food sops up all the previous nights sins and leaves you satisfactorily sleepy and ready for a nap to get you ready for that nights activities.  Being Indian, the quality of food really does matter to me...not just the hangover cure aspects of it.  This place is solid.  I consider the Indian Dehli Palace the best in the valley, and this place comes in a close second.  Chicken Tikka Masala and the Chana Masala (my two faves) are perfect.  I do prefer my food to be a little more spicy but I understand they're trying to cater to all palates, so adding some of the spicy chutneys they offer does the trick just fine.  Speaking of the chutney, they offer a nice assortment of accoutrements with the buffet.  We have been here a couple of times for dinner and have enjoyed pretty much everything we ordered off the menu...my parents are vegetarian and all the veggie dishes are awesome.  The ONLY thing I think could be a little better is the naan.  It's good, but Indian Dehli Palace has it beat in that respect.  Everything else is similar in flavor.  The atmosphere is the best I've witnessed in an AZ Indian restaurant.  Nicely decorated and they even have special tables where you can sit on the floor ''Indian'' style.  Pretty fun for a date.  The service can be a little slow when they are moderately full, but that's only an issue when you're there for dinner.  Doesn't really matter for the buffet.  All in all, always a great experience here.
Guru Palace has so many highlights that it's hard to pick just a few.  The lunchtime buffet provides the opportunity to mix dishes, and I'm a huge fan of both their Palak Paneer and Daal, so a lunch trip is always my first choice (even though lunchtime wait service is on the slower side).  Their dinner menu is fairly basic, but I've never had a dish that I disliked.  And while I prefer the veg dishes the most, the Lamb Vindaloo is also very very good.
Wow!  So impressed!  Just happened to try the buffet since I was in the neighborhood, and I think it's the best indian buffet I've ever had!  Everything was fresh and tasty, I can't remember having better garlic naan, and the chai was fabulous.  (Not cheap and watered down like a lot of places.)  Go go go to the buffet and enjoy!  All for $8.99 are you kidding me?
Not on my student budget, but you can find a discount coupon on News Times. I did enjoy the Chicken saag that I had. It works better for groups, as that way you can try different things. I was able to try some other chicken preparations and lamb, which tasted good. Anyway, next time I'll have to talk with my Indian friends :).  Good service and friendly people!
Had the buffet today and it was quite good. The curry was a bit mild but then it IS a buffet. The server assured me that the curry from the menu is available in differing heat levels and the proceeded to bring me a small copper pot fill with freshly made chili paste. That did the trick!  It is on a par with other Indian buffets in town but some of the offerings were standouts, the goat masala amoung them. The Naan was very good, toothful and with lots of garlic.  Service was pleasent, despite what some reviewers have said, and we were never wanting for anything. And not a single television to be seen! (This last is a major plus in my book.)  Overall I think you'll find the buffet at Guru Palace very enjoyable and you will be back again and again.
This is me... This is me NOT on drugs... This is me saying that Guru Palace is just okay.  It's my fault though. This happens when I'm expecting way too much from a restaurant. Guru Palace has been on my list for some time now, but after they won Best of Phoenix, I had to try them immediately... so I made my way over there to enjoy a weekend lunch.  The restaurant is pretty gorgeous inside, mixing traditional art with and industrial and contemporary feel; that made me really happy. Everything was very clean and there was a lot of open space; again, I was very happy. The food was what started the decline of that happiness though.   Some of the food was very good, like the Tikka Marsala - it definitely rivals India Oven's recipe and their garlic naan was excellent. But some of the food was seriously meh to me. I had some of the goat and it was extremely fatty (and I've eaten plenty of goat, I'm Middle Eastern), the mint sauce had absolutely no kick and the chicken curry (even though it had bones in it) didn't have that rich flavor that I associate with a great chicken curry.   My hope is that I missed the dishes that earned this place the Best of Phoenix award, and I look forward to eventually making it back here some day to try those dishes. *Feel free to message me you know what I should try.*
Naan.  You better nail it if you're an Indian food establishment and this place did.  They also nailed the Chicken Tikki Masala.  I'm a fan of this place and it's by total accident I ended up here.  I would normally write more but it's 5 in the morning and I'm drinking.  Anywho, worth going to if you stumble across it like I did.
I was disappointed, the food is just too bland!  My husband and I ordered a variety of food to get an idea of there food spectrum: Garlic Chicken Kabob, Lamb Vindaloo, Palak Paneer, Garlic Naan, Gulab Jamun, and Rass Malai.  The only positives I saw was that the meat was cooked well...that's it! The sauces for each dish lacked flavor and spice. My husband even requested Indian spicy and it wasn't even spicy...it tasted like a mild. The Garlic Naan was decent.  At this point we were going to give it a 3...barely! Then the desserts came...  The gulab jamun was firm and frozen and it seemed like they added extra butter/ghee to the syrup. The Rass Malai was too thick and creamy, it seemly like it was soaked in heavy cream, which messed up the texture of the paneer. And after we saw the bill, their score plummeted to 2.   It was not worth it. So many of my classmates have gushed about how great the food is, but I realized, they probably dont know any better. I grew up near Little India around LA where good Indian food was no hard to find, so I could just be spoiled.
I have come to Guru Palace a couple times for lunch/brunch.  I think the food may be good for people who do not like much spices, but the buffet is very bland.  I have had friends who have tried the food for dinner, and they don't have much better results.  The one positive in the meal is the garlic naan.  If I can order that and cook my own curry or get it from another Indian establishment, that would be the ideal situation.
I've only been for the lunchtime buffet, but I really enjoy it. They don't have a huge number of dishes, but the ones they do have are very good. The chicken tikka masala is the best I've had anywhere, hands down. I could drink the sauce in a cup, I tell you.  The other dishes are fairly basic, but well prepared. It bothers me a little bit that they ask you if you want plain or garlic "bread" instead of naan. The all-you-can-drink chai tea is a nice plus.
$60+Tip for some of the most mediocre Indian food I have ever put in my face.  I was initially going to give this place a two star rating but the longer I thought about it (and the better, cheaper food I had elsewhere: six bucks at Mike's Big Breakfast comes to mind as does the $20 we spent at Joe's Farm Grill) the more pissed off I became. At Joe's Farm Grill we ate food that provided about triple the amount of pleasure for a third of the cost and we got to do it in a very pretty part of Chandler.   Sheetal R. Already gave an excellent rundown of what we ate and what was good and what meh so I won't repeat that here.   The food here is not terrible but the cost is so disproportionate to the quality of the food that I cannot in good conscience recommend it to anyone. $60 for two people should buy you FANTASTIC food not barely mediocre food.
Wow, what a disappointment. I feel bad for those of you that rate this place highly, you really need to try some good Indian.   I didn't think it was possible to have bland Indian food but boy did this place prove me wrong. I stopped in for the lunch buffet based on a foursquare tip that the place was voted Best Indian in the New Times. I'm not sure who was doing the voting or the tallying, but I have to think it was a big mistake... or it was fixed.   I tried a couple of bites of almost everything on the lunch buffet, 4 or 5 different veggie options (I tried every veggie option they had) and 2 different chicken dishes (Tika Masala and Curry). All dishes except 1 (one of the veggie options, I don't remember which) was bland and needed salt. Mind you, I've NEVER once before used salt at an Indian restaurant. Here, everything needed it.   The only saving grace for this place was the garlic naan and the desserts - the minced carrots with sugar and cheese was tasty and different.   The service was less than mediocre - had to ask for my drink twice and the bill twice.   Safe to say that I will NOT be returning.
I can't recommend the buffet, but I have had many dinners here, and it is usually pretty good.  Really, my first disappointing experience was my last visit (otherwise I might have given 4 stars overall).  The Malai Kofta (vege-balls) fell apart and ended up blending into the thick sauce.  I still enjoyed the dish, but I was disappointed.  I tried the Chicken Vindaloo for the first time, and it was done well, but I thought the dark meat chicken was kind of 'too dark'.  I had the Chicken Achari on a previous visit, and have to say the flavors were more complex.  I liked it more than the Vindaloo.  Garlic Naan is always a winner here.
The lunch buffet is a little over priced for me... Both times I went the food items I wanted were either gone or nearly so and not replaced while I was there. As for the food there is much better fare to be had even buffet (and I hear the by the order rather than the buffet is better). Overall a slight disappointment.
I have been going to the Guru Palace for years! It will always be one of my favorites! You have to go to know for yourself whether its the way you like it or not!
The curry, chicken , shrimp and lamb were very good.The tikka masala is very good as the guy recommended. Have not tried the buffet, but the dinner menu is quite good. You can choose from mild to hot., we chose mostly mild and it was good for me. My visitors from California also liked it very much and said it is better than all the Indian they tried in South and Northern Cal. They have discount coupons , take advantage of them.
Great Indian food! I always get hot, fresh food that hits the spot, every time. Love this place. Go & try the Chicken Tikka, not Tikka Masala, just the Tikka, with rice & garlic naan - I promise you'll go back again, and again, and again.
Yes, they are a tad on the pricey side, and they do seem to be hit and miss, judging by the reviews, but for me, last night it was all hit: Samosas  not quite flaky enough but very tasty; superb mushroom mattar cooked to perfection; and garlic naan bread that was oh so fresh, warm, and delicious. I only had to wait 10 mins. for a to-go order, and I sat at their bar, which was a good place to chill in itself. I'd been in once before w/ my g/f about 2 yrs. ago, and I would have given it 3 stars then, plus maybe a bonus half star for the atmosphere. Very dark, woodsy and well decorated. A nice spot to bring a date or grab scrumptious Indian cuisine to go (on one of their good days)!
Awesome if you're a fan of Indian and Indonesian food. The place itself is highly atmospheric and the staff is very friendly. If you can handle spicy, try the Chicken Saag. It rocks!
Guru Palace is our favorite Indian restaurant, equal to or better than most Indian restaurants in New York City and London. This advice is from a former New Yorker who grew up in an Indian neighborhood. And we routinely cook Indian food at home! The food and service is consistently excellent. We regularly order the vindaloo, achari, saag, and mixed grill dishes. It's totally worth it. Someone mentioned the tikka masala and that too is consistently perfect.The decor in the restaurant is lovely but we believe the restaurant could draw larger crowds with better lighting. Prices match the quality of the cuisine, so it's worth it.
came with a party of 7... place wasn't busy, but there was a sort of long wait for food. Decent portions, but a bit oily.  the flavors were good, but i think they used garlic granules on the garlic naan (bummer).  the okra had some woody bits and i think it was from frozen... not a dealbreaker, as i personally find dealing with fresh okra to be a bitch.  pretty good, but not quite as good as taste of India in Seattle.
I would have given 4 stars except for one thing....poor service.  The food here is excellent, full of flavor that pops and stimulates your senses, however they need improve the quality of service.  The waitresses are consistently busy but pay more attention to everything other than the customer.  We sat and watched 3 ladies walking around cleaning tables, folding napkins, preparing appetizers, etc...etc for 20 min. before they asked if we needed anything else.  The only reason is because my wife had to flag them down waving her hands just to get more water.  There were no lines of people waiting so why the urgency to clean and do prep work instead of taking care of the current customers there?  To make is worse an Indian couple and their son came in  (sat next to us) and got an order of naan, drinks and special requested sauce immediately.  Definitely felt discriminated.  The guy even turned around to me with a cocky smirk on his face as to say...i deserve better service than you because i'm Indian..hah!!!  Another thing to add, i ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala with 5 star heat.  When it finally came it was zero heat.  I had it sent back and it was about 2 star heat.  It is such a shame because i really really want to go back but i think it's time to try someplace else
I was craving something ethnic so my friend and I tried this place out for lunch.  Lot's of choices on the buffet, more than the typical Indian buffet, plus three kinds of desserts, mango lassi and garlic naan.  All this for only $8.95.  We will be back without a doubt.
Good food, delicious ingredients, loved the mushroom curry & the rice.  Definitely worth a visit.
The buffet was plentiful and delicious. They even had soup with a dressing that you could add. The garlic nan was good as well. The owner welcomed us into the restaurant and checked up on us 3 times. I thought that was great. I know I'll be back. it was $8.99 a person without anything to drink other than water. The buffet also included different tropical fruits like watermelon, oranges, and a kind of rice pudding with nut flavor on it. ALSO don't miss the free yougurt mango drink that you get at the buffet. It was quite refreshing.
Very good food and service.
Cold and Dry food on a buffet. Really people? C'mon.
I went here during the week for lunch with my 3 year old daughter. I asked them for a booster seat and they came out with a DISGUSTING high chair. They put it down and  I went to put my daughter in it and a ROACH went scurrying from the seat and down the leg of the high chair!!!!! I almost lost it. I always used to eat here and it's just not good anymore. Also the buffet is not even warm by the time you sit to the table with your food. I will definitely not be coming back though. The COCKROACH was the final straw. If that crawled on my daughter while eating out I am sure my baby would never wanna go out to eat again. It would have traumatized her. It sure did me.
Very good ambience. You have to option of sitting down on mats (no chairs) in traditional Indian style if you like it. The food was pretty tasty too.
I bought a Groupon for Guru Palace a few weeks ago and just used it this evening, boy am I glad that I did!  The food was delicious, the service was quick and efficient AND really friendly, and did I mention that the food was delicious?  First thing is first, the food was incredible.  My companion and I ordered the Samosa appetizer, Garlic Naan, Lamb Korma, and Chicken Tikka Masala.  I also had an Indian Tea (Chai) which was perfectly spiced.  The Samosa was amazing, the filling was moist and flavorful and the crust was delicate and flaky.  There was just the slightest hint of sweetness to the filling that really perfected the dish.  The Garlic Naan is the best that I've ever had!  I think I could happily make a meal of just the Garlic Naan and not regret it. The Lamb Korma was also amazing, the lamb was tender and flavorful and the sauce was rich and thick.  The Chicken Tikka Masala (a staple in my life) was to die for!  The chicken was super tender and swimming in amazing, thick, rich sauce.  The spice level was perfect in all the dishes- the server asked us on a scale of 1-10 how spicy we wanted our dishes and we ordered a 7.  I can honestly find no fault with any of the dishes I sampled!  The service is really great as well.  I was meeting my companion at the restaurant and I was the first to arrive; the staff greeted me promptly and made sure that I was comfortable while I waited.  As soon as my dinner companion arrived, we were seated and served water and complimentary Papadum with a delicious chutney.  I really liked our server (and all the other staff members that spoke to us), he was efficient and friendly, and happily recommended his favorite Samosa variety when we expressed interest.  During our meal, three different people (one being the owner I believe) stopped by to make sure that everything was good and that we were pleased with our meal and service.  I appreciated the attention, which felt genuine and was not at all bothersome.   The atmosphere in the restaurant was also wonderful.  It is not a large place, but the tables are all well spaced, and the entire place is impeccably decorated.  There is a lot of art on the walls, ambient lighting, soft music, and well dressed staff.  Though it is still a casual restaurant, it's also nice enough to feel really good about taking a date there.   I really enjoyed my meal and service at Guru Palace and I will definitely be returning soon!
Guru Palace is simply fantastic.  We have eaten there in the evenings, both as a couple on date night and as a family.  The best word for the atmosphere is inviting:  it is a relaxing, pleasant, warm place to eat.  It is a soothing place to sit after a stressful day.  However,  the decor is also wonderfully filled with murals in warm colors that let our little girls pretend they are in a palace.    The food is addicting it is so delicious.  I am absolutely stuck on the Chicken Khorma and Lamb Saag and can't get past them.  The staff is very helpful with recommendations.  I do not handle spicy-hot well (very wimpy), so we order our food mild to share and they bring my husband a separate bowl of spice so he can heat his up.  Highly recommend Guru Palace.
I was always not willing to try new foods and then my wife talked me into trying indian food. Guru Palace is the best in the east valley that we have eaten at. Great service and great food.
= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =  Wow, with so many good Indian restaurants in the Valley, it took almost 3 years to circle back around to this one, but I finally got back here for lunch today, joined by Mike C.  There were still a few little negatives:  *  There is still some daytime light glare coming in from outside as there was last time, but one of the two offending windows was well shaded this time, so things were better.  *  Almost all of the tables are still set for four or more diners, with no booths available.  (I did spot one lonely table for two, but it was poorly placed, in my opinion.)  *  There were only little dinky bowls available.  They were suitable for small servings of the soupy vegetable dishes such as Chana Masala (chick peas), Palak Paneer (cooked spinach) & so on, but too small for real soups such as Daal.  I had to use a tea mug to get a reasonable serving of it.  Ok, on to the positives:  *  The Indian music played at reasonable volume this time.  *  The food is still delicious here!  (That's one thing, isn't it?)     :-)  *  The price included their TERRIFIC Mango Juice, as well as tasty hot Indian Tea!     :-))  *  The Buffet selection is good here for an Indian Buffet at 25 items, not counting sauces & dressings.  The dishes consisted of familiar Indian recipes such as Chicken Tikki Masala, Tandoori Chicken, Goat Masala, tasty Naan Bread in your choice of plain or garlic, & so on.  Spicing was moderate.  Our table service was fine, & at a very reasonable $8.99 they're putting up an excellent Indian Buffet here, which earned nearly 5 Stars this time!     :-))
its nice place. i love their chicken biryani.
After another Indian place in the area closed down several months ago, this has become our go-to place for dates.  We've not tested the menu extensively, but the chicken dishes we've tried (tikka masala, chicken tikka, and tandoori chicken) have all been delicious, though the serving size on the tikka masala always seems a bit on the small side given the price and how much chicken is included with other dishes.  We've always found the service to be decent, though not stellar, and the staff friendly and helpful.  The ambiance is also just average, but the food keeps us going back.  It is not a 5-star place, but I have no problems giving it 4 stars and recommending it others.
In just one visit we were able to sample a wide variety of great Indian cuisine. The Chicken Tikka Masala is incredibly smooth. The Chicken Biryani is great for anyone who is not fond of spicier dishes. The Lamb Vindaloo is fantastic and the perfect amount of spice for the dish. For dessert we sampled the Gulab Jamun which is absolutely delightful. The service was excellent with plenty of beverage refill offers and check ins from the staff.
First time eating here and found the staff really helpful and checking on us constantly. The food was great! We tried the tandoori dinner and it was delicious with more than enough food. We will go back again to try more stuff!
Delicious food!   Lots of dishes to choose from for both vegetarians and omnivores alike!   Complimentary mango lassi and deliciious chai tea come with the lunch buffet (never seen this at any other Indian buffet).  Atmosphere is nice and service is excellent!  Go ahead you wont be disappointed.   I gave it four stars for the prices...Slightly overpriced...but the food is so delicious I make it a destination.  I would come here more often if it were a couple bucks less...   Hope you enjoy!
I havta say this is one of the better Indian Places I have been to in PHX. I like this place, right after say, the recently opened India Grill and maybe even better than Tandoori Times, Scottsdale.   Sadly, we couldnt sit on the floor seating as it was already occupied by someone else ( need to go back to sit on it). We sat on a table which actually had a real candle, and the lighting is actually romantic (I cant believe I am saying this about an Indian Place in PHX).   I am not sure if people understand the differences between Indian foods, but here is a small primer. This place is an out-n-out North Indian Food place, more specifically they specialize in Punjabi Style food. And don't let anyone else make you believe that there is any other style of Indian food that is tastier and creamier than Punjabi Food and this is hands down the best Punjabi food I have eaten in a while. Oh, I am not biased (since I am from South India). and with that yeah the south Indian cuisine is totally different than North Indian, its like going to a different country and sadly not many restaurants in PHX serve 'real' south Indian food (try Cafe Krishna or woodlands).  and yes what most y'all people eat is infact North Indian food.   Now that we have cleared this outta way, lets talk about Guru Palace. The place is about $$, but it is worth it. We bought the 10 for 20 yelp deal, which helps ofc too. The staff is friendly and attentive. The girl loves samosas, so we got them and they were good. We ordered the complete dinner, and I feel its the best thing to get for the price. I got the vegetarian dinner and she got the tandoori dinner.Check the pictures. It came with tea which was fab and the yummiest Garlic naans I have eaten. The desert was the usual Gulab jamoon which was also one of the best I have eaten (Check Pics). She tells me her dinner was fab as well. It also came with white rice and mine came with 3 curries of my choice. I ordered Malai Kofta, Mutter Panneer and Dal Makkani. She got the okra curry which I swear by was one of the best I have eaten at an Indian place in a long while.   I am definitely coming bak again and hopefully I get to seat on the floor seating and maybe then I give them 6/5 :) Lets celebrate good places like these
This was EXACTLY what my wife and I were looking for. Although we did make the mistake of going for dinner and paying for every thing individually (46.99) instead of the 8.99 lunch buffet.... But the food, Ohhhhh man. So tasty. tandoori shrimp tiki masala on spice #4 was the JAM! Definitely will be going back.. For the lunch buffet. ;)
Indian food is one of my favorites, and I don't know why it took me so long to try Guru. I have been there now several times and I opt to order off the menu instead of the buffet. Every meal I have had has been very good and has all those warm comforting spices I love in Indian food. And of course who can forget the garlic naan, delicious! The staff have always been very friendly and answered any questions that I have had. Guru has become a regular lunch spot for me!
I am some Indian Roots and I have to admit this place ROCKS- amazing food.  Its darn close to my moms cooking and my mom is really good since she inherited recipes from 4ooyrs of Family secrets.....   A++++++++++++
Used yelp! deal and took myself out, after hearing great things. All true. Service, atmosphere, and (most importantly) the food were amazing! Mixed grill, garlic n aan, and raita ftw!
i like their chicken biryani. That's the only + thing. Their Shahi paneer didn't have any salt in it. Last time when i visited this place during dinner, the water they served me had a hair in it. The server didn't had the courtesy of apologizing. Plus i didn't find the staff to be very courteous.
I am not familiar with Indian food at all.   But I bought a groupon for this place because it was close.   So we went last night.  We both got a lamb dish and the garlic naan.   Mild spice.  I have heard Indian food is very spicy so wanted to make sure we could eat it.  It was fantastic.   I mean I'm still thinking about it today good, and had the leftovers for breakfast. .  Service was good.  It concerns me that it wasn't very busy.  Sure would hate to see it go out of business.   The food is that good.  Go try it.  I'm serious.
Great food, service was 'Good Enough'.  Great location!
Very Good!!
Overall this place is good, I think it is one of the better Indian restaurants in the metro. We had the lamb vindaloos, chicken Marsala and some of the garlic naan. The garlic naan is good but I actually prefer the regular naan. Both the vindaloo and the Marsala were great but they did go a little easy on the lamb, there was practically three small pieces of it. My only other complaint is the serving size for the price. If you go there with three people and have drinks and entrees expect to pay over $100 and probably not be full. Overall though a good dining experience.
We have never been disappointed.  The food is well done and the service is excellent.
Consistently exceptional. The lunch buffet is phenomenal!
Great food and a good atmosphere!
pretty damn good indian food, that will then clean you out..
We had the lunch buffet today and it was delicious. The restaurant was sweltering, probably in the mid to high eighties when we entered. We asked them to please turn the air conditioning on. We were seated and said hello to a male server who did not acknowledge or answer. We got glasses of water and a basket of garlic naan and there was no service after that. That server, he may be a manager, never came near our table again until we had finished when he came by and threw the bill on the table and never said a word. We wanted some more naan and the male server had baskets that he was giving to other patrons but never offered to us. I was even waving to him that we would like some more naan but we never got any. I know the owners of this restaurant. The food servers do not get to keep tips. The tips are rung up and put in the cash register, and the servers are simply paid a higher hourly wage. This is not a good system for good customer service. We will give Guru Palace a little break for the rest of the summer and go back in the fall when hopefully this food server has moved on to some other job.  The food is delicious but I am not going to be treated like a piece of dirt by a surly busboy/waiter.
All I wanted was a take away...when they did eventually answer the phone I was told, "One minute while I get a pen" I hung up after 5.   I order and then go to collect it. I have learned over the years to check the contents and behold, it was wrong. They argued that my order was correct...I eventually got what I wanted, but I had to wait 15 minutes..And then the food was only mediocre...
Nice service clean place quick service good food
This is a good place if you are looking for North Indian food. But if you are looking for Dosa, Chapati etc this is not the place.
I simply love this place. Great food and great service. I do a lot of carry out and its always just the way I ordered it. You can choose spice level on most foods. Which is a plus for someone like me who loves spicy food.
So I wondered into this place today for lunch. The venue was nice and the service was mediocre. The place was very dim which may hide the full effect of either a clean or dirty venue. They did boast an A rating on their most recent health inspection so that is good to know.   The buffet was adequate and stock with traditional Indian dishes. Chicken Tikka, pakoras, lentils, chickpeas, rice, curry of sorts..  etc.   I ate rice, the red chicken, some ckickpeas, some eggplant, zucchini, pakoras, naan. The rice was basmati and a little dry. The red chicken was good, chickpeas a little sandy, the eggplant/lentils was good...the chicken tikka was a little dry even in all that sauce. The naan was garlic and good. I ate all my food and although being in good old Gilbert/Mesa Az, felt as though this was authentic and close to what I consider Northern Indian maybe even punjab style.   I would recommend this to a friend with slight reservation.  I'll eventually return, but going out of my way to do so.
Disregard the outside. The food is VERY good Indian food!!  I highly recommend this place.  I have had Indian food in the best of restaurants (London) and this place is quite good.  You will be impressed if you like Indian/Pakistani type food!
I am new to Indian food and this has been my first Indian restaurant. Been back a few times, the food is very good and service is always excellent. Love the marsala dishes and chicken vandaloo is good too.
We love this place and go often for a wide variety of Indian foods offered on their buffet. Generally I avoid buffets like the plague but this is an exception. From the chicken tikka masala to the saag paneer,  tandoori chicken, curried mutton,  and creative vegetarian options...it is Love at first bite. The naan is fresh and delicious. I like the sauces they have available and the lassi always tastes just right- not too sweet.   I am dinging a star because it is very very dark in there during the day. This concerns me, what is being hidden?  It doesn't create much of an ambiance. It is literally difficult to see your food. Secondly I think the service is subpar. People pile their used plates up and they don't seem to get bussed away. A water refill would be nice without having to ask as the food is spicy. For a place where most diners have the buffet during the day, it doens't seem there is that much that the servers need to do. Let a little light in the restaurant  and add a bus person, and the fifth star is yours!
As I was raised in London England, I grew up on Indian food. This makes me a bit of an Indian food snob. Guru Palace  is about as good as I have found in the Phoenix area.  Do not go on Monday nights as the normal chef takes that night off. His replacement doesn't even come close to measuring.  On Monday nights the food wouldn't even rate 1 star.
Best Indian food ever. Great service.. Great food ... Their chicken tikka masala is so yummy ... If you are looking for good quality food ... This is it... Highly recommended
Hands down the best North Indian food in the valley. Must try for those that like Indian food.
Love this place. Tasty and a good variety. I have only tried their lunch buffet. Under $10 including tax. Check it out. It's right next to Starbucks off Baseline and Gilbert.
The food here is very good however the service is hit or miss.  We go here every couple of months and eat inside.  The decorum inside is great and the food is fantastic.  Unfortunately the service can occasionally be sub par.  Example: the other night we waited almost 20 minutes before we were even offered our drinks after we sat down.  Then waited another 10 minutes until we got them.  Then another 10 minutes before we were asked our dinner order.  They were busy but 40 minutes until we could order?  We've had other occasions where the service was perfect.  Like I said, hit or miss.
I have eaten here twice now with my boyfriend and we both agree it is probably the best Indian food we have had. The portions and favors are excellent and we find ourselves talking about eating here again throughout the week. The only reason I did not give this restaurant 5 stars is the second time we dined for dinner the service was a little off as other reviewers have noted. Also, I wish the decor was a little more on the fine dining side or they would add booths, however the overall ambiance is very nice.
I was hesitant when I first arrived because there weren't very many cars outside, but was pleasantly surprised when the food came. Our samosas were simply incredible and the paneer and chicken dishes that we ordered were divine. The best part about the meal, though, was that their naan was perfect - not too dry and not dripping with oil. The perfect balance. Only suggestion if you're looking for an amazing Indian food night and love the spice - be sure to order your dishes at least a 7 to get them spicy enough to feel the burn! Great night out.
We've been eating Indian food elsewhere for the past year and now I could KICK myself! Hubs and I had an exceedingly rare date night with no picky eaters (read: 9 year old food snob and friends) we considered going to our "regular" place, but I was just not willing to dine in there.  During our "East Valley FEED ME" Yelp search, I remembered that I park in front of this place when I go to Michaels/Starbucks and dared my man to try a new place. I argued that I always see folks walking out of this place looking happy (during lunchtime) when they leave (usually a good sign, right?)    So, off we went into the wild blue... oh wait, no, we just traveled down Baseline Rd. for a short jaunt and reached our destination. We arrived at what I would call "dinner time" but there was only 1 large group and 1 small table finishing up.  We're in Gilbert, folks... when it's dinner time, people swarm to restaurants and pack 'em solid for unholy hours on end.  Many a time we have left an establishment only to go to Plan B restaurant or even Plan C.  I'll admit it, I was cautiously, cautious.  As we ordered, I noticed others starting to move in. Before long, there were at least 5 or 6 other tables gaily ordering.  Before long, seriously, Sam, our waiter was TOTALLY on top of it... Sam arrives and since we are first-timers we asked him to guide us through the menu. What a GREAT tour it was!  We thought we'd just go with the regular go-to menu items... But Sam wasn't having any of that, Nooooooo. He wanted us to try what the regular clientele swore to be the best food on the menu. Obviously, these customers are not wrong! We devoured the suggested Vegetable Pakoras $4.99 (I'm not a sauce freak, but I recommend the sauce that comes with it!  Then Sam told us to try the Mixed Grill SIZZLER PLATE (under Tandoor Specials) Just, YES!  He had the chef spice it at a level 4-5, to be safe and it was perfect, sure we could've gone warmer, but nah!  Ohhhh Naa'n, how about some Garlic Naan $2.5, uhm YUMMY! It wasn't so heavy garlicky that vamps would cringe but it was enough to be flavorful. The Garlic Naan paired perfectly with what we know to be called Butter Chicken (or Chicken TIkka Masala) but this time with a twist... It was DARK MEAT instead of chicken breast.  We casually mentioned that cannot tolerate chicken breast so Sam ordered this other version (ask what it's called, because I can't remember) Sam earned a place in my heart, forever!  This waiter, Sam did something unheard of in today's culture... HE LISTENED and adjusted the order accordingly... whoa.   Just after our Tikka arrived and I was able to scoop the YUM YUM worthy rice on my plate, the aforementioned 9 year old calls our mobile in a panic.  "Where are you?? We're here, no one is home!"  Well, crud, dinner date over... With a quickness... The staff got us packed up as fast as lightening, got our check, but not before I said... I WANT ANOTHER ORDER TO GO! Did that slow down this restaurant, heck NO! I was packed up with a second order, an adjusted bill and OFF we went...   I promise you Sam (and all you other amazing wait staff) I will be back, oh yes I will and next time, I'm bringing my posse. But please don't tell anyone in Gilbert about this place, I still want a table at dinner time, OK?!
I took my 7 year old daughter here for first time. She loved it. Everything she ate, she loved. Food and service are great. Wide selection of food. I like the goat curry.
I've been to Aromas twice this week. First I went with a friend during the week and then back on Saturday. Both times I had the lunch buffet. The food is fresh and delicious. I don't eat much meat but my friend does and enjoyed both the goat and chicken. She can't eat wheat and found much to enjoy. The vegetarian selections were more than ample for my tastes. The naan was particularly fresh tasting. All for $5/$6 on the weekend. All the staff are really nice. I just noticed that one reviewer mentioned that the water is filtered. A nice touch.
just found aromas last night, really good stuff all and all and helpful staff was great. the only reason i cant go 5 stars is because of the setting and the plate presentation. if they made it a little more comfortable and presented their dishes to be a little more pleasing to the eye i would go 5.
Alexis and I have been looking for a replacement for Jewel of the Crown of old.   After many years we have found one.  No - we haven't found it's replacement, we found one that is better; much better!  Here is how the food goes: The Naan (traditional and garlic) is great! Aloo Tikki is the best that I have had anywhere! I am not normally a fan of the Paneer but even I thought it was good. Chicken Tikka Masala was great!  Normally I am a fan of a much creamer version but I have been converted.  This was so good, we got an order to go for the next day. Lastly, their Chicken Tikka reminds me of just how good this dish is supposed to be! We also ordered a side of rice and some ice teas and they also were good.  They make everything from scratch so be prepared to spend 20-30 minutes waiting on the food.  Iced Tea costs $1 per glass so no free refills.  A much better deal than spending $2.75 at other places.  This old adage of "the hole in the wall family restaurants are the best!" holds true.   In our opinion, this place is one of the best restaurants and absolutely the best when it comes to Pakistani/Indian cuisine!
I first drove by Aromas at the Islands and I thought "What in the world is that place?"  Could it be some type of Aroma Therapy joint? A Head shop? And those were the only two questions that rattled around in my head before I moved on to the next shiny object.   Then one day I was shaking the living crap out of the UrbanSpoon Application for my Iphone and it came up again.  This time I was told that it was an Indian/Pakistani restaurant.  Hmm... Now I am intrigued.     The next day I am there.   When I walked I saw, a very small place that can seat about twenty or so. It has some very basic decor and some mirrors on the wall.  The tables are covered in a lacey plastic tablecloth that is in turn covered in glass.    This all screams local restaurant and I am already falling in love.  I have a seat at a table and begin to realize that I have no clue about anything relating to Indian food.  Sure, I recognize the word curry but that is it.  The nice waitress puts up with my questions and did not make me not feel like an idiot.  I ordered and I tried to remember the names, but I couldn't. So I will describe them to the best of my ability.  One item looked like and giant Slim-Jim and the other looked like bunch of red stuff.   My descriptive ability sucks. They also brought out what looked like shiny wagon wheels with red dust on them.  These things were awesome.  They tasted like toast with egg-yolk on it. I almost ate them all.  When the dinner arrived, the chef came out and said "hi".  He brought with him some Yogurt Chutney (Ha. I remembered something's name!)  This stuff tasted just like lotion.  So I did not eat anymore of that.  Everything else was amazing!  I fell in love with Indian food and the flat bread Naan (Double HA!  I remembered two things.).  I went back two days later for the lunch buffet.  The same Chef came out to greet me and he instantly remembered me. That is awesome. (Granted, I was wearing the same clown outfit with horns as the first time, but he still remembered me.)  You can really tell when a place cares about their customers and their business. Aroma's wants you to come back and they want to make your experience at their restaurant one worth repeating.  Neat.
Alert... Alert.... Alert.... Boowee...Boowee...Booweee. Something has happened! Something has happened!  I have never seen any place take a dive this fast and this is coming from a man has seen The Hunt for Red October a million-zillion times.  So I was cooling out, maxin and relaxin and I thought "I am going to go and get my Aroma's on".   I rolled up, check my shades and entered the establishment. The sweet and mousy waitress from my first few visits was there and I knew something was up from the moment that I walked in.  She had the thousand yard stare, she looked right through me.  Since my last visit she must have seen things that would ruin even the most hardened of people.  McCain, that pussy, he ain't got shit on this girl. She knows pain. What could have happened?  She took my order and charged my card.  Then I waited, and I waited some more. Then just when I thought that I was done waiting, I waited some more. It took a full thirty minutes to get my takeout order.  I would have said something. But what do you say to someone who is clearly on the edge?  My food finally comes. I leave. I get home. I put on the Daily Show. I open the container.   My chicken curry contains exactly 3 pieces of chicken.    Monkey Balls!  What?  It took them 30 minutes to cook 3 chicken nuggets in a Curry Sauce?   Dive! Dive! Dive!  Then I ate the little tiny pieces of meat. I realized then that they were mostly bone and not a big bone that you could actually separate the meat from.  It almost seemed as if they actually cracked chicken bones up into splinters and then jammed them into the meat.  It was like an Indian version of the ol' razor in the apple trick. I took a bite and chewed and right before I swallowed I felt the knife like bone get stuck in my throat. I panicked, "Oh no! Chicken bones are bad for dogs, Therefore, they must be horrible for humans!" I start to really panic. I cough, I drink, I swallow,  and I jam my fingers down my throat.  This is how I am going to die, watching The Daily Show and choking to death on a chicken bone.  I soon regained my composure and got over the chicken bone. I managed to choke it down, literaly.  It  is currently making its way through my digestive system, and I  hope no update will follow.    Just then the sweats hit me.  This food hit my gut and made it feel like a bunch of hippies had eaten the brown acid and then were dancing around in my stomach and on top of my soul.   I truly felt horrible. I curled up in bed and attempted to sleep on the evil that had invade my body.  The good news is that I lived to write this review.  The bad news is that there is a rogue chicken bone lose inside my body.  Aroma's what happened? You used to be so good.  You used to make me happy on the inside.  I fear you are in your death throws.  I wonder what little restaurant you will become next.
I'm actually a big fan of hole-in-the-wall restaurants hidden away in hard to find nooks and crannies, and Aromas didn't let me down!  The decor is cheap, the fluorescent lighting makes you feel like you're sitting at the DMV, and the evening techno ballads from the adjacent martial arts shop mixed with the restaurant's Bollywood music makes you wonder if you're in Gilbert or an after-hours club in Mumbai (I guess Islamabad would be more fitting in this case).  I arrived about 20 minutes until closing and was quite grateful that the restaurant owner invited me to come in and have a seat.  Since it's Ramadan, I tried out the evening buffet which was a bit small but still had about 6 or 7 meat and veggie dishes.  Honestly, I can't remember the names of all the dishes but all I can say is they were good, but oh so freakin' spicy!  I'm a glutton for punishment when it comes to spicy food, but several of the dishes carried such a kick that I was reminded of the time one of the cooks at Cyclo went nuclear on my Pad Thai!  Thankfully, there was enough mango lassie and buttery naan to keep me from weeping profusely and throwing in the towel.  I would recommend Aromas if you're looking for a break from the norm.  The menu offers Halal and Vegetarian entres at an affordable price, and the service was good.  The decor has much to be desired, but I usually give tasty food a priority over accommodations.  ;)
sadly, aromas has closed.
The food was at best mediocre and the service was slow even though it was completely empty.  Not recommended.  Masala Bay on Regina and Erb has much better Indian food.
I have to agree, service was slow despite how desolate the restaurant. Food was good and service is extra polite. The workers at this restaurant are very very humble. I believe the food is cooked fresh, so this is a huge positive, compared to so many buffet style restaurants. It also explains the longer than usual wait times.
I have a friend that likes to come here for lunch on a regular basis, and I will tag along from time to time.  It's a small Indian restaurant with a great eat-in lunch menu that includes soup and rice or naan.  The issue I have with this place is the inconsistency in the service and the quality of the food.  Sometimes the food is great and the service is fast.  Other times it seems that you have the service very slow and you have to ask for every single little thing, which seems to just annoy them and make the service even slower.  Also, although the lunch specials are a reasonable price (although the portion can be a bit on the small side), the dinner pricing is pretty expensive for what you get.
Nice little restaurant with great service. We had no problem with time, but we did let them know that we planned to be out the door in half an hour after ordering. Got our food in 15 minutes. Bit pricey for lunch.  $5.50 lunch special that they sometimes advertise on a sign outside is a decontented lunch special you probably won't order (soup, green salad, naan).... the majority of the other lunch specials are $7.50 to $8.50 in price.  I don't eat spicy food, and I found the "Medium" in the Chicken Mushroom Curry ($7.50) to be not spicy at all.  Watch out for the upsell. Particularly things like "Did you want any Naan?" because it does cost extra.
Surprisingly tasty Indian food and a really good price. Pretty sure it's buffet only. We stayed at the Hampton Inn on the other side of the parking lot and stopped in for lunch one afternoon. Definitely worthwhile if you have a hankering for some Indian food outside of Toronto. You can't really get away with bad Indian food in these parts, can you?
This was the worst Indian food I've ever tried in Canada. I went there for their buffet and it was absolutely horrible. Everything was bland and you can tell they reuse their old chicken in their curries. The best Indian restaurant in the KW area is definitely Empress of India. Avoid Masala Bay as they reuse old food.
I'm a little sceptical, now I see the tip about the heath dept. Should've looked on yelp first, shucks! Despite that, I've already eaten here and can't take it back now. I thought it was flippin' great. It was my first time eating somewhere that only had India options. Everything was really great, though it was a small buffet. I liked all the vegetarian options too. Lots of 'em! At only $6 for ayce dinner buffet, how can you go wrong, er, right. The only thing that really threw me off was the fact that the waitress seated everyone on one half of the Restaurant, and it was a pretty busy night. I found this very odd. I would prefer to be away from people if the options there.
The woman at the desk at the Hampton Inn told us that "the food was cold" when she went to this restaurant across the parking lot from the hotel, but we like Indian, food, the kids will eat it, so we gave it a try.  What they call "Butter Chicken" tasted like Tiki Masala to me, and it was good.  The goat was kind of greasy.  The naan was okay, but a little cold.  The little veggie dumplings were good, and they had some made of sweet potatos.  Upon looking at my receipt, it appears homeboy added a 15% tip on top of the total, and I ended up giving 15% additional.  Not wise, especially for a buffet.
Taste food, good price
Not bad, if you're looking for a quick Indian food fix. It's a buffet, with all regulars. The saag paneer wasn't bad, just very little cheese, and the butter chicken was decent. The goat curry seemed like it had a lot of bones in it, but my coworker enjoyed it. The server was good, and very polite. If I was staying at the Hampton inn and had to rush through dinner I'd go back, but I'd pass otherwise.
Great food. More variety than I expected walking in. Traditional and well spiced. Service is friendly and quick. Work sent me to the next door Hampton Inn and I am glad I decided to check this restaurant out.
Definitely great authentic Pakistani good. Not as good as Pakwan in the bay area, but their Nihari was really good. Naan was fresh. Hole in the wall good food and really cheap too.   Would definitely return here if for some reason I ever found myself in Kitchener, Ontario ever again. However, if you are here and are looking for great Paki / desi food, then this is the place to go.
Very delicious and authentic Indian food. Inexpensive too!
Good Daal, Tandoori Butter Chicken.
Wow - Does the food here taste amazing! So fresh and the flavours are amazing! I'd go again and again!
Gandhi's is a great little Indian restaurant just off Lothian Road. I was reluctant to try it at first because I always associated Gandhi as a figure of fasting. I felt it was a bit of an oxymoron to chomp away at an elaborate feast in this place. However, one day I was drawn in by the crowds inside and I haven't looked back.   Curries in Gandhi's are fresh and delicious. I particularly enjoyed the Bhuna and Biryani. On my last visit ten of us shared a long table and decided to choose almost one of everything. We were very impressed at the high standard throughout and found ourselves ordering more and more okra even though we were stuffed full.   The staff here are lovely. One trip with a few friends ended up very drunken and we accidently over paid. The waiter was so honest and kind that he ran up to us as we left telling us that he couldn't accept such a huge tip and to take our money back. Service like that makes a restaurant well worth a return visit!
Named after everyone's favourite balding peace-monger, I've always warmed to Gandhi's, purely as I find the sandal clad pacifist it's named after oddly comical. Thankfully, the restaurant doesn't follow the vegetarian principles that the great man held in the years and months before he was shot in the chest, and meat is very much on the menu.  Unfussy Indian cuisine, and dished up by cheery enough staff, it's enough above the usual standard to become that bit more memorable.
Gandi's is possibly my favourite Indian restaurant in Edinburgh.  It always offers delicious food in filling portions and great service to match.  As soon as we walked in the friendly waiters greeted us with a pleasant welcome, and even recognised us after having only been in once before.  The place has a really nice ambiance with all the decor making you feel right at home. The menu has an comprehensive range of authentic Indian dishes from the classic curries to tandoori kebabs and pakoras.  I went for the lamb dansak which had tender chunks of meat in a rich sauce with lentils.  My mate went for the chicken tandoori kebabs which were seriously spicy and just about blew his head off! All told our meals came to about 10 each and we'll hopefully be coming here again soon.
Gandhi's served me up one of the best Indian meals of my life. The Vegetable Biryani is so incredibly scrumptious that I would easily make it my last meal if I was on death row. Luckily, I am not on death row and they deliver so absolutely nothing can stop me from ordering Gandhi's every weekend.
If you are in the mood for an Indian meal, Gandhi's is definitely the place to go. Situated in the Tollcross area of Edinburgh, Gandhi's is just a short walk from the city centre and it is down the road from the main University campus, George Square and so it is a convenient place to reach.   Gandhi's offer an extremely expansive menu with a wide range of authentic Indian and Bangladeshi meals. Gandhi's is both a restaurant and a takeaway, and I have been eaten here twice and both times I ate in the restaurant and had a fantastic experience. For my starter I ordered vegetable pakora which was cooked perfectly and tasted really fresh. It was main course which was really something to write home about. I ordered the Lamb Rogan Josh, and it was probably the best curry I have ever tasted. It was nice and spicy, but not too hot that it blew my head off, and the ingredients were all really fresh and the dish was full of flavour - yum! The rice was also cooked perfectly, and there was plenty of nan bread available too. Gandhi's also offers a wide selection of vegetarian dishes too, so there is something here to suit everyone.   The staff were really friendly and welcoming and were very patient with me in explaining to me just how spicy each dish was! Gandhi's is a fantastic Indian restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.
I forgot to warn of the LACK OF BOOZE at Gandhi's. They won't even let you bring your own! However, the food is so good that it's still worth it. Just get takeaway/delivery!
I live in London, another mecca of Indian food. But Edinburgh? You might have us beat. There's a lot to choose from.  We had Ceylon chicken, naan, pilau rice, lamb jazfrezi and those crispy pancake things with chickpeas in the middle. I forget the name. But that was awesome. Ran us about 35. I didn't find anything too spicy.   Whatever curry you choose, DEFINITELY get the naan, it is quite light and fluffy yet crisp and flavourful.
Ein sehr nettes indisches Lokal. Sieht von auen klein und unscheinbar aus, ebenso ist die Einrichtung und das Ambiente keine fnf Sterne wert, auch wenn grundstzlich alles sauber ist. Das Essen ist wirklich sehr gut. Absolutes Highlight waren die Vorspeisen, wirklich ausgezeichnet. Die Hauptspeisen waren ebenfalls sehr gut, allerdings nicht so berragend wie die Starters.  Auf alle Flle ein sich lohnender Besuch. Erwhnenswert ist noch, dass die Kche "halal" ist und es deswegen zb. keinen Alkohol gibt.
I have wandered past this small unassuming Indian many times, yet it was eventually a combination of the scottish rain and a cold (man flu) that drove me to seek shelter and curry here. I was not disappointed.  My standard test dish for any untried curry house is a chicken madras and the madras here was not only good but the spices, tomato and chili all tasted fresh, the warming heat of the food taking my mind of the rubbish weather and cold.  I recommend giving Gandhi's a try (I will be back soon) the curry is good, the location is central and the staff are friendly, just remember that there is strictly no alcohol, then again the food is better than the beer and curry stereotype so you likely won't mind.
I've had Indian food in London and it is fabulous. I didn't think we would find the same quality of Indian food in Edinburgh, but I was wrong. This place rocks it! We had the Tikka chicken appetizer....delicious. The Butter chicken is a bit different than what I was used to, a bit sweet. Didn't matter, it was fantastic. If you are craving Indian food in Edinburgh, it's worth a trip to the Grass Market area to check it out.
Very Very good food!  The food here was amazing, best Indian I have ever had!  I would recommend this place to anyone!  The food is Delicious and flavorful and the proportion was great, I went in there starving and left stuffed!!!
The name of the restaurant has changed to something like "I love India" - sorry, didn't get the full name.  Still the same great food.  Lamb so tender it melts in your mouth.  Fantastic Garlic Naan.
Le nom a chang: " I love India". Nous avons pris 2 plats, accompagns d' un garlic naan, un plat de riz, avec une bouteille d'eau.  Les plats taient trs bons, et le serveur sympathique. Par contre, le prix tait un peu lev pour seulement un plat par personne (27  au totalpour deux)
Great food and fast delivery- there was an extra dish in the bag, but so tasty we didn't mind the bump in price :)
The bomb Indian takeaway in Stockbridge.  Quick, clean, friendly, tasty, cheap, and plentiful.  A must have alternative to the surrounding chippers.  Holy crap, I just had an awesome idea.  Fish and chips with curry.....mmm.....
I had high expectations - the friends I went with have raved about this place for years. And true to their word we received a warm greeting from the owner and good service throughout the meal. The decor is basic, but experience has taught me that this is rarely reflected in an Indian kitchen so my expectations kept climbing.    Then the menu; all the standards, but a few dishes I had never encountered before and which were screaming out to be tried. I plumped for the Balti Chasni Gosht, a curry that promised lots of heat and flavour. Ah well, being let down by a curry is probably not the worst thing that will ever happen to me, but the sadness still lingers.. I have heard rumours of such practises, but had never before had first hand experience of what lurked in the bottom of my balti dish: Pre-cooked lamb dropped into a goo of a curry sauce and reheated. The lamb was horrid, the sauce okish, though it had a disconcerting flavour of fish.    If the meal hadn't been a treat from my hosts I would have said something, but I didn't. So I am now.    The stars are for the service, the prices and the hope that this was an off night.
The Kings Balti should be a great 4 or 5 star restaurant.  The food is wonderful, especially the tandoori lamb, which is my favourate as it is cooked traditionally and always beautifully tasty. The restaurant itself is nice and modern, with an open plan kitchen and extensivly supplied bar. All of this is reasonably priced and of good quality.  However, and this is a big one, the service is terrible. Enough to put me off going back ever again I am afraid. Staff are rude, slow and incompetant. No help was offered to us at all for the first 25 mins of our visit, as though we had simply been forgotten about. When we were remembered, the waiter took our drinks orders, which today we are still waiting for as our first round never arrived. The service from that point remained shocking - and as a result, our meal was ruined.  Its such a shame as the food was great, even if i did have a bitter taste in my mouth.
King's Balti has established itself as a great place to eat in Edinburgh in my mind, and this is only after one visit.  I have to concur with Jonathan's review in one sense.  The food that we had was superb.  We were a group of between 25 and 30, there for a stag party, and we were accommodated without any issue.  I had a standard chicken korma, which was creamy and delicious.  Having sampled small amounts of other people's food, it was all superb.  I had a different experience to Jonathan regarding the service however.  I found their service to be, on the whole, excellent.  The waiting staff engaged us in conversation throughout the evening, often coming in to enjoy a joke or quick chit-chat.  With a lively bunch of men like we were, this added to the atmosophere, and we all left the restaurant as satisfied customers.  All our needs were attended to throughout the evening.  Perhaps going back with just a few people would yield a different result.  Although the location on Buccleuch Street is perhaps slightly off the beaten track, I feel that it's worth taking the time to visit King's Balti.  Maybe you'll be able to provide another review of their service here on Yelp?
This place looks the business but it's a shame about the service. Like Johnathan, I had to sit and wait at least 15 minutes to get our drinks. When I did decided on what I wanted, my chicken came out stone cold, and looked a little pink.  I kindly informed the waiter that I didn't order the food poisoning and he took it back and got me a new one (which was still cold, but not pink). Very sketchy...
I actually thought the service in Kings Balti was pretty good and had a decent meal in here with my flatmates after exams.  The waiters were friendly and took no longer to serve the food than average despite the heavy numbers which were in that night.  The general atmosphere feels warm and nice, and the decor is in keeping with this. The menu has a good range of authentic Indian dishes ranging from mild kormas to scorching tandoori dishes.  I opted for the lamb balti which was spicy, but also had a wide range of aromatic flavours.  This, along with a portion of boiled rice and a naan, came to about a tenner which was a pretty decent deal as we thought the food was excellent.  I'd come here again based on my last experience of the great food and top service.
I'm a bit of a takeaway addict at the moment, and at the end of a long day often just can't face cooking and instead guiltily slink off to purchase some spicy food in a plastic container.  Suruchi Too, on Leith's Constitution Street, is an Indian restaurant that also does takeaway, and in this capacity has provided me with sustenance on several occasions.  They have an extensive menu that includes curries in all shapes and sizes - or perhaps I should say, of all smells and spices.  Their naan bread is especially excellent, and although the food does score quite highly on the grease scale, it is full of flavour and makes a satisfying meal.  Prices are slightly above average, but they do have a five pound lunch deal which I am determined that I will get round to trying out one day.
Suruchi Too in Leith, which was one of my highest rated Indian restaurants in Edinburgh has dropped massively in my estimation which is a great disappointment.   The usual smoky aubergine was too sweet, the paneer was still good but the portion size had been massively reduced and the spinach which used to be fantastic was a flavourless mess.  Very mediocre, but the worst thing was that the naan bread was obviously from a packet.
Well priced, amply sized menu and tasty curries. We were the only customers on a Sunday night so there wasn't really any way the service could have been bad I don't think but I've never had any issue with that element in the past either.
Disappointing, disappointing, disappointing.   We had a groupon for here and I was super excited to visit - and we made this our pre-anniversary anniversary dinner (alright so I confused the dates, but what of it? Girls forget too!) after an initial failure to book a table last week, with the restaurant being fully booked. Even on a Tuesday night, we couldn't book prior to 8pm. Wow, this is a popular place, I thought!  So we turned up, starving and excited, on a wet and miserable night to a near-empty restaurant. I could see that multiple tables had the Thali experience menu on the table and realised that the restaurant wasn't fully booked per se, but clearly they were limiting what time and when groupon vouchers could be used. Hmmm. Fine.   The thali menu itself was six choices - if you were vegetarian, you had to like paneer, as there was no other choice, although there were four options to choose from (from memory) - Sukutha (my choice), spinach sensation, tikka or something else - essentially a sauce with the meat of your choice (or cheese). Other options were butter chicken or a lamb dish. Side dishes that came with the thali were not explained and bread wasn't included unlike some other places I have visited.   So once we had time to order, we waited for our half pint of Cobra to appear. And waited. In the meantime, more thali couples arrived, and were served. We continued to wait, the scowls on our faces getting deeper. Eventually we were handed our drinks and finally served - it had been a good fifteen minutes or longer since we arrived before anyone came close to our table.   So we ordered a vegetarian haggis fritter to share as a starter (pleasant) and some bread to go with the thali. Time passed. My hair turned a little more grey. The starter arrived and was devoured. I finished my Cobra. I finished the boy's Cobra. We continued to wait. Just to note - we arrived at 7:45. We were served our main after 9pm. Now, that would be fine if this was freshly cooked, but clearly each dish came from a larger vat of food, so why it took so long to deliver, I have no idea. We didn't get asked how our food was, and no more drinks were given. Other tables looked equally forlorn. One waiter seemed to be serving the entire restaurant, with another serving starters only.   We made our own way to the till to pay thirsty and annoyed, opting not to wait another 30mins for signs of attention. As the boy paid, the waiter asked if we enjoyed our meal - I had to walk out before spewing forth a volume of expletives about how much I had not enjoyed the experience of dining at Suruchi Too. I can't even tell you if I liked the meal, I was so irritated by the experience and moreso we'd come here to celebrate something that ended up being a letdown for us.
I originally gave this place 5 stars, but last time they sent out 2 people who didn't understand english to my table, but they were pretending as if they did understand me. I don't mind if their english is poor, but I'd prefer the honesty of their staff. My mango lasse was messed up because of the communication problem, even though I was told that they did understand what I wanted, as I had very specific questions about it. They also were late giving me my drink as it came after the main cource, and not even before or during the appetizer. Also, the samosas I got were black and crunchy in the middle, almost as if they were exposed to a freezer, then dry rotted, or the inside was burned somehow as the outside seemed fine. The second order of samosas came back o me frozen, so that's 2 times they messed that up. I do like the fact that their portions are decent, and the main courses were great, and I do remember really good experiences with this restaurant about a year prior to my bad experiences. I am giving them 3 stars because a long time ago they were great, but sems like they are going downhill a bit. I'm just being homest.
Food was ok although we were not feeling the decor.... a little dated and busy  :)
Was here last week with a pal, and it was rubbish.  Each dish was served with some very nasty looking "fresh" coriander leaves, and didn't provide much taste except hotness.   My naan was burnt, the rice was dry and tasteless, my friend's chipatti was just floury nonsense.   Don't bother coming here.
I enjoy Indian food but find most Indian's come with a layer of grease and can often be quite disappointing. A friend recommended Lancers so we got together and ordered a takeaway from here. I was majorly impressed, there is definitely a jump in quality from the standard Indian restaurant and Lancers Brasserie. The Samosas were like nothing I had ever tasted before, so full of spices and again, without that grease that usually comes with a takeaway.   With neither of us being big eaters, we shared the chicken Bryan which we both enjoyed. It was enough for two to polish off.   I have heard that the restaurant is much better and the staff are very friendly, although it is maybe a little more expensive than the usual Indian. But I think that is because it is that bit better.
So far I have only gotten take-out here, and I'm very happy with the quality if the food. The veggie dishes were full of actual vegetables, nicely spiced. The okra was a big hit, as was the spinach with butternut squash. The mixed vegetable dish we got (I forget which one it was) was less exciting but still decent (just too heavy on the potatoes for my tastes).  Prices seemed reasonable for what we got.
So, I ate in the restaurant recently.  The food was, of course, still incredibly good and the food is served on these trays with little candles in them to keep everything warm, but .... but ... the service and the atmosphere were definitely lacking.  The atmosphere was almost sterile.  It was reasonably modern but not in a chic kind of way.  The room itself has potential to be very interesting but the choice of decor just makes it feel dry and uninteresting.    The wait staff, though, are where the real fault sits.  They were incredibly stiff, never smiled, hardly paid any attention to our table even when we were trying to a) order drinks or b) get the bill.  We'd ended up ordering a bit too much food so, considering this place does takeout, we figured it wouldn't be a problem to ask for a takeaway container.  The miserable look we got from the server said it all.  He did put our food in a takeaway, but he literally mixed everything (side garnish salad and all) into one container and plonked it on our table like it was a bag of rubbish.    The four stars are because, at the end of the day, the food is exceptional and you can order it for takaway and bypass the stuffy staff.
Went into an empty restaurant and asked for a table near the window. Was told nope! You can only sit inthe corner! - it was an empty restaurant at 9.45pm on a friggin Monday! - I walked out, if the service is that bad, I didn't want to try the food!
We recieved great service as soon as we walked in - from taking our coats to hang up, tucking us into our chairs, general friendliness and attentiveness with advise on how much rice and nan bread to order; a bit of humour thrown in and a hot towel to cleanse our hands at the end.   I was suprised that there wern't many pakora options on the menu, however it contained a vast selection of other dishes including vegetarian, meat and seafood. We all opted for starters to begin with which were yummy. I had Panir Cutlet - shallow fried cheese - soooooo good and none of the grease that comes with deep fried foods. Normally I have a favourite Indian meal which I order pretty much in every Indian restaurant I go to but I went for something different this time - Kashmiri Murgh - chicken in a mild sauce with tropical fruit and exotic spices. There was plenty of it when it arrived and it was delicious - not too sweet at all! Unfortunately none of us managed to finish our mains because we were just so full from the starters.   This is the most enjoyable Indian meal I have had and it didn't leave me with a bloated feeling I normally get after eating Indian food. I will definately be more adventurous with my choices from now on too!  The restaurant itself is smallish but light and modernly decorated with a few pictures depicting scenes from India. I would have just liked to feel a bit more of India in the decor.
My husband & I are slowly working our way through their Menu, averaging a takeout  every couple of weeks.  We are Never disappointed, full on flavour, good sized portions,  well cooked, delivered in good time and friendly staff.  The prices are good value for the quality of ingredients.   This for us is one of the best Indian Restaurants/Take-Outs in Edinburgh, and we have tried a few over the years!  Now Just looking for an excuse to hire their room for a private party!
A couple of weeks ago, The Man and I were in the pub and in the mood for a curry.  We don't have a go-to curry place because most if not all of the places we've tried have been a bit hit or miss, or generally just a bit meh.    We sought the opinions of those around us in the pub, and Lancers was the resounding winner of the pub poll.    I hopped on The Man's shiny new iPhone to look up the menu and we chose the lamb jalfrezi and chicken biryani, with garlic naan and some odd chicken starter thing (they offer delivery but Captain Genius opted to pick it up, despite the miserable cold weather :/ ) .    I'm not a lamb eater but ooh man was that jalfrezi amazing.  The biryani as well was so so nice, though I wish it had come with more sauce because wow was that stuff incredible.  The sauces had a proper amount of veg in them as well as nice cuts of meat, instead of the usual dodgy stuff, and reminded me of a real homemade curry.    I was really very impressed with both of our mains, though I'll admit the starter was like chicken and foam combined - it had flavour, it's just the texture was strange.  I usually walk away from a curry feeling full and a bit bloated, but Lancers dishes were proper nourishing goodness.  I've heard that eating in the restaurant takes it up another notch, so I'll be definitely be planning an evening here asap.
Bring a torch, this place is like being in your shed. I wish they would ignite some candles.  Saying that though, the food was great. Rice was a little too soggy but everything else was cooked perfectly. The staff were keen, they got our food out in less than 5 minutes from ordering.  They loose points because the toilets were in a bit of a state, shame really.
I'm really puzzled by the only other review of Ignite as I have been here on many occasions and I think it's the best Indian restaurant I've been to.  The atmosphere is more upmarket than your usual curryhouse, the staff are very friendly, the food is fabulous (I particularly love the chilli naan and wish more places would make it).  I would recommend Ignite to everyone!
The tastiest Indian curries I've tasted in Edinburgh.  What I like about their cooking is that it is not heavy and oily like some other Indian meals I've tried.
Our first time here, recommended by a local.  Good and interesting menu - very flavorful curries.  Nice ambience and friendly.  Staff were very patient working with our large Christmas group.  Recommended.
A nice wee surprise on my travels.   I grabbed a table and tucked into the Lamb Rogan Josh that the friendly waiter brought over to me. Rice was good, meat was tender and the sauce was spicy, but extremely creamy.   The service was a little slow. I realise it was a friday night when I visited, but it looked like everyone else was in the same boat.   Great food, just need to work on getting it out quicker.
I came here on a Monday or Tuesday evening a few months ago and fond the service was actually quite good, probably because there hardly any customers.  The waiters were welcoming and the food didn't take too long arrive.  The food, although not particularly bad, was far from being the best Indian food I've tasted.  I ordered the chicken bhuna with pilau rice and I'm pretty sure the chicken was overcooked, but the sauce was excellent with a good mix of vegetables and spices.  The rice also tasted a bit overcooked and soft, as if it had been sitting out for a while.   In its favour, the menu is enormous with plenty of curries, kebabs and vegetarian options, all of which are pretty reasonably priced around the 5 mark.  Although my meal wasn't the best I've heard good reports about it and would probably give it another chance.
I live almost opposite Shezan Tandoori, and I have to complain about all these restaurants in the area! It's seriously hurting my bank account and making the previously enjoyable task of cooking seem rather tedious.   Shezan, which serves Indiad food, is definitely in Italian restaurant territory, with Ferri's, the Sicilian restaurant and Guiliano's surrounding it... However, it's probably what makes it (as well as Phuket Pavilion right next to it) a little refreshing, so a friend and I decided to get take out one night. We weren't that adventurous, opting for simple naan bread and Chicken Bhunaa, which hasn't disappointed me anywhere I've gotten it! I didn't have much to complain about, and I'm keen to have an actual dining-in experience there. The number of diners seems to have picked up recently, probably because we're in the tourist period, but this makes it look much less dodgy than I previously thought it was!
Amazing Indian food in Edinburgh!!  Their Naan is especially amzing.  Their sweet nan was so good.. must get!!
This is the best Indian food I have ever eaten! The staff is wonderfully polite and attentive. I went the first night I was in Edinburgh and went back 4 nights later and the waiter remembered what I had ordered. I don't eat dairy and he remembered what I had asked them to make special for me. I highly recommend them.
Excellent service & Excellent Food. Manager and staff very friendly and attentive to you needs. Would highly recommend
Having only been to this restaurant once before years and years ago I think it was well worth another visit.  With Khushis having opened up just down the road, they have revamped the interior, which I think definitely encouraged us to go and give it a try. I wasn't sure what to expect but I really was surprised and will most definitely be back.  We had the poppadoms as an appetiser  - which came with a really good selection of different sauces - not just the usual mango chutney.  I had the mixed kebab starter which was really good - especially the spicy mini lamb chops. I wasn't so sure on the shish kebab but my dad loved it! The chicken tikka bites were delicious.  I had a special chicken bhuna with steamed rice - which was a nice change to the usual basmati. The portions were good sizes and for once I didn't feel too full after the main which was ideal.  Their selection of Movenpick ice creams was great - try the mint choc chip one! They also had a selection of Indian desserts also.  The bar list was not extensive but just what you needed and pretty reasonable.  It was quiet, although it was a Monday night but a fair few folk came in around 10ish after the Playhouse opened it's doors. Shame some of the people sitting next to us were very ignorant, 'do you do prawns? My friend doesn't like rice!' oh dear.  I would definitely recommend, just a shame the staff have to put up with some really awful people!
For those of you who have yet to experience it, let me just say that there is something so comforting about seeing a "People Love Us on Yelp" sticker in the window of a popular restaurant in another country when you've been wondering around without access to the app and are almost too tired and hungry to care where you actually eat.  With that said, thank you Edinburgh Yelpers for this treasure.  After a full day of walking and touristing after a full week of pub grub, we were ready for something different.  I'd tried to find an Indian place recommended by the guide book from memory, and failed.  So we headed back towards our guest house, remembering several busy Indian places on Leith Walk.    Shezan drew us in with the bright and modern decor, self-described in the menu as "Bollywood."  We were seated immediately, and eagerly perused the menu trying to figure out which dishes were the cause of all the tantalizing smells from those around us.  We decided on samosas, chicken tikka masala, chicken karahi, a side of saag, rice, and naan.  The samosas (3, with a selection of 3 sauces) were crispy on the outside with fluffy and flavorful fillings.  The mains were amazing, particularly the karahi.  The karahi had so much flavor but without filling heavy.  It was plenty spicy in a way that had just enough heat to wake you up, but not so much to cover the other flavors or make you reach for something to cool off your tongue.  The naan was huge - the size of my head.  Perhaps I'm just accustomed to other restaurants that cut it into peices rather than presenting it in on big piece, but I've never seen naan this large.  It was crispy on the bottom and fluffy on top, delicious.  The food definitely deserves 5 stars.  The service, not so much.  It started off well, but even when we'd cleaned our plates (and yes, there were no morsels, not even of sauce left), and there was nothing left in our glasses, it took several minutes to get the attention of any staff to ask for the check.  It's probably us not being accustomed to the European way of lingering at a table all night, but still felt like we'd been forgotten.  That aside, I'd still highly recommend it.
Shezan's browser logo is the first letter of their name which in their customized font and hue resembles a coiling mountain of excrement towering like Babel crowned with a thin streak which could be mistaken for the gaseous side-effect of such a discharge.        Now that's out of the way, Shezan is one amazing restaurant.   That's Shezan, not Shazan, which I originally thought, or Shazam, which I so desperately wanted.   We (including girlfriend) had tickets to the evening show of Gravity at the theater up the street (immediately dating this review).  Gravity is awesome, see it or buy it, 'nuf said...going off topic.  We both felt incredibly lucky to find Shezan--well, my girlfriend already knew about it; I just let myself by guided, which is...OK.   Shezan claims to be an Indian restaurant but it may be too trendy to be one.  It's a colossal bistro with intentionally mismatched white and black chairs divided among polished wooden tables spaced generously but seemingly chaotically about the floor.  Huge photos plastered on the walls offer the impression that I should be trying on a pair of designer Armani slacks.  There's actually glitter on the walls, that's how flashy this place is.  It didn't look cheap.  I didn't see a buffet anywhere; in fact, I couldn't see a single hallmark of Indo-Canadian cuisine.  The menu confirmed those suspicions, offering numerous items seldom seen in Western restaurants.  The biggest surprises were the prices.  They weren't expensive.  Even taking conversion into account, I'd say Shezan was downright reasonable.  They even offered a three course pre-theater menu for 17.50, or about $30 Canadian, and with that you get a lot of food.   I know I'm losing your interest.  I should be nitpicking or exasperating a minor quibble into a huge crisis.  I'll soon mention the food, which will convince most people in the area to try out Shezan if they haven't already.  I could carp on their portion sizes being perhaps a tad TOO generous, but what kind of criticism is that?   We opened our meal with a poppadom and pickle tray and followed that with butter chicken and chicken biryani, the latter a virtual unknown dish in Canada.  We also ordered a peshwari nan which is a naan bread made with coconut milk.  I thought I had good naan, but peshwari makes previous naan feel like that slightly depressing opening act before the Blue Man Group takes the stage.  (I'm sorry, that's the only band I've ever seen in person on stage.)   However, the portions were so large we were both unable to completely finish our plates, precluding the opportunity to take in a dessert, which we both badly wanted to try.  Not for any unique Indian dish mind you, but rather for a couple scoops of moevenpick ice cream.  It was winter and I didn't care; I wanted ice cream.  My girlfriend and I made guesses about what the other would order.  I would have tried the white chocolate and caramelita, though the pistachio and maple walnut looked pretty good to.  Unfortunately we didn't order any of them, an issue worthy of mention again.  I appreciate the desire to make us satisfied but it looks like more and more restaurants are perhaps making us TOO satisfied, preventing us from making it three courses instead of two.  I'm just saying I would have paid for ice cream if the meal portions were a tad smaller.   I know, I'm waiting to be tarred and feathered by a mob of overweight Americans who would then promptly try to devour me for looking like oversized chicken in a black polyester longcoat.  And I do acknowledge my reaction upon discovering the 12-inch poppadom, a stretch of starch eclipsed by the naan which followed.  I was overjoyed by such generosity.  The final bill came to a few pence over 30 pounds, making it cheaper for two people than an average under-posh meal in my home town.   A final word, once again I paid with a card and once again there was no tip option.  Since I had no cash on hand, I couldn't drop down a few bills for the exceptional service provided.  I felt like crap afterwards.  They totally deserved gratuity.  At least I could repay them this way, by recommending Shezan whole heartedly.  Just try to ignore what the first letter of their name resembles and you'd do fine.  I should run a list of restaurant which I would frequent IF I lived in Edinburgh.  Shezan would be near the top of a very short list.  DECOR:  8 PLATING: 8 SERVICE:  8 FOOD:  9 VALUE:  10  OVERALL:  8.6 out of 10
I love the idea of Zest, take some of the East's finest flavours and combine them with old Scottish Favourites.  The restaurant itself is a decent size, you only really feel cramped when it fills up (which seems to be alot).  Last time I was here I had the Salmon Tikka, which was made with freshly caught fish from that day. To say I was blown away is an understatement, the flavours explode in your mouth.  Staff made sure I had what I needed and prices overall were ok. Don't eat breakfast and go at lunchtime and get the group special. You'll be there for hours.
Amazed this has no reviews on here already as it's been open for business for as long as I've been aware that Indian food exists I reckon. That said, for such a centrally located restaurant, my visit here a couple of months ago was the first time I've ever been in, although I did make a point of sending colleagues there earlier in the year and they liked it.    There's nothing major about the place to set it aside from much of the competition - prices are what you'd expect (reasonable and not astronomical), service was efficient and good natured and the waiting time between ordering and the food making it onto the table was negligible. The staff were though more than happy to make us "the hottest thing going" when asked and so we ended up all giving our tastebuds a roasting with a very hot, though not unpleasant, dish which we may have christened "Satan's Ashes" although my memory's hazy on that point. The rest of the normally spiced dishes were very tasty and the wine list was of a decent size and price, considering most folk probably opt for lager anyway.
After a beautifull sunday in the town we dropped in at Zest. The service was good, the food from mild to really hot: great. We had a starter, two main courses and only one desert because then we were full. The bill was not as high as we feared after all the high prices we saw in the city.
I came here in mid February, shortly after the restuarant had had its makeover under new ownership.  The interior feels light, spacious and the creamy decor helps to give a nice, relaxed atmosphere.  It tries to give a fine dining impression, but the spindly metal chairs and tables kind of let this look down.  The waiters are pleasant, and the service is about what you would expect in any restaurant. The food is by far this place's key feature.  The menu has a good range of authentic Indian dishes with plenty of meat and vegetarian starters and main courses to choose from.  Further, it tries to incorporate local history with its Indian cuisine.  For example, I had the Sir Walter Scott curry which was lamb in a really rich, tasty mustard sauce.  I'm not sure what the link between this dish and the author is precisely, but you can see what they're trying to do. Zest is also reasonably priced, making it a great option for lunch of dinner if you're in the area.
For a christmas meal out with friends I booked Zest due to location really rather than any form of recommendation. I am glad to say it was a great choice - the interior had been recently freshened up with the slight smell of paint still lingering. It was pleasant atmosphere and the food was even better. We had a selection of dishes and mixed them between us. Great flavours, service and price really respectable at about 25 pp for 2 courses and couple of drinks each. Would easily recommend and will be returning again.
The people working there were so nice, I feel badly giving it only 3 stars - but the wine was undrinkable (gewurztraminer) and our vegetarian dishes were not the best I've had.  We ordered the aubergines, which were differently prepared than I've eaten before but pretty good, and the lentils that had the consistency of split pea soup & lacked flavor.  I almost fell out of my chair at how expensive our meal was, but I'm not from around here & am not accustomed to UK prices yet.   I appreciated that they were open late, otherwise we would have gone hungry!
If you're looking for a lunchtime curry, Zest may fit your requirements quite nicely. Their lunchtime deal is pretty good value, and their food quite tasty. I didn't find it particularly "zesty" though, so one for the long list, rather than a must-visit essential.  Overall, we said: "I enjoyed the food in Zest very much. For 7.95, this was a well-executed and filling lunch. Even the filter coffee to round things off was pretty decent. The whole place could use a big squeeze of the zesty goodness that the name of the place implies, though, as it's slightly in the "solid and reliable" mould, at the moment, rather than offering something bold and fresh."
While visiting St. Andrews Cathedral and Castle, hubby and I wanted a simple quick hot lunch (50s in June is still cold for Americans). Zest served that exact purpose. We ordered at the counter and was informed when the food was ready. Our lunch consisted of lentil soup and sandwiches. My curry sandwich was especially yummy without the overpowering taste of the curry spice. The big windows brought a lot of light into the restaurant which is somehow the perfect setting for a light lunch.  I noticed the sign said Zest juicing & coffee bar, sadly I didn't have room left for any juice, but if you are visiting Zest, at least you know that option is available for you.
Freshly refurbished, Kalpna is once again open for business after being closed for what seemed like an age.  This place, which has always been a vegetarian restaurant used to be a great place to come to get food - whether it was a large group who were looking for something abit different, or just you and a friend looking for some quiet time, Kalpna could provide.  Now however, it has taken on a new role - it still tries to be the place where you can go for good vegetarian Indian food, but some of its sparkle has gone, and really I'm not sure what it is. The whole place just doesnt seem welcoming, and its abit too modern for my liking.  However, the food still remains great, and as ever the staff are friendly, so iots not like everything has gone down hill. I will be back here, although I might just have to put up with the new decor and general atmosphere.
Kalpna offers vegetarian dinning to the street of Newington. Although it's location is a bit bizarre (and parking can be an issue) it's quality is still great and service very efficient. What really bugs me about this place is the decor. It's going for an Indian-Style but man is it busy! All the walls are covered top to bottom with little mirrors which in my point of view is a bit tacky and rather distracting. Other than this I am not big fan of the interior layout, the tables giving a feeling of limited space and too clustered together.   However, it's a decent vegetarian Restaurant in the area.
Kalpna is pretty decent vegetarian restaurant which serves good food with pleasant service.  One of my friends decided about a year ago that animals were getting more than they deserved off humans and so he went veggie.  We went out for dinner with him to Kalpna and, on the whole, it was pretty good.   I definitely like my meat, but vegetarian cooking is as good as any other and Indian varieties are no exception.  I went for the vegetable Balti which didn't take too long to arrive and was delicious when it did.  They'd included a great combination of peppers, onions and root vegetables in a tasty, spicy sauce.  They must have had some problem with one of my mate's mains, however, as she was waiting for about ten minutes after we all received ours.  I'd come here again, but I'd expect better service to go with their great food.
I've got a friend who's a veggie, not for ethical reasons, but because he doesn't like the thought of eating something that shits. It's a more honourable reason than most, but even though the grub at Kapla is interesting enough to be worth a look, nothing will ever  come close to spilling the blood of a wretched, twitching beast and gorging on the flesh and innards inside.  Still, considering the dubious quality of the "meat" you often get in curry houses, perhaps it is one of the cooking styles most suited to carrot chompers. The curries here are good, but still can't beat the king of all veggie curries at the Mosque Kitchen.
I went to Kalpna for one of my flatmate's birthdays, as he was curious to see if there would be any difference between vegetarian dishes served by a specifically vegetarian restaurant to those served by regular restaurants.  The food was certainly interesting, although personally I was left underwhelmed.   We opted for the lunchtime buffet and at 7.95 per person, it seemed reasonably priced.  However, upon getting to the buffet table, the choice was very limited.  There were only three main dishes available,  a chick pea based dish, and two generic vegetable dishes which were very similar.  While the chick pea dish was delicious, the other two were rather bland and  left much to be desired.  However, the side dishes were interesting and included a deliciously greasy crispy naan.  The drinks were a bit pricey too. My mango lassi (yoghurt drink) was around 3 and wasn't quite as large as I'd hoped. Yet the staff were very friendly and the interior simplistic and well presented.   As has been mentioned in previous reviews though, you simply cannot beat the mosque kitchen for vegetable curry and I believe that had I not already been a regular there, I would be rating Kalpna more highly.
I've been here twice in the last month. Each time the food was great and very delicious. It is a bit on the pricey side, in my opinion, for the small portions they give.   They have great vegetarian options though, so it was definitely worth it for that aspect. When we went this last time, we were still hungry after ordering and eating everything that we had to order another dish. I know that doesn't sound like a big deal, but I've never been to a restaurant where I had to order more food because I was still hungry, so that kind of turned me off a bit to it since the portions are so small.   Otherwise the service was decent and, again, the food was very tasty!
Am Rande der Innenstadt ist das Kalpna vermutlich ausschlielich ber eine Empfehlung mit gezielter Suche zu finden. Touristen verirren sich eigentlich eher weniger hierhin. Das seit mehreren Generationen als Familienbetrieb gefhrte Restaurant bietet jede Menge indische vegetarische Kost auf hohem Qualittsniveau. Da die Unterschiede der Gerichte fr den Laien vermutlich nur schwer auszumachen sind empfiehlt sich eines der traditionellen Set Mens. Fr 16,95 Pfund bekommt man z.B. eine groe Platte mit dem Namen Thaali Raj Bhog, die nach einer kleinen Vorspeise serviert wird und eine groe Auswahl der Karte in kleinen Portionen abdeckt. Den Kennern der indischen Kche werden Speisen mit den Namen Daal, Palak, Dam Aloo Gobi, Paneer Butter Masala vielleicht etwas sagen. Ich persnlich habe keinen blassen Schimmer welcher Name zu welchem Schlchen gehrt, wei dafr aber dass alles unglaublich lecker war!
If you're vegetarian this place is well worth the visit. Carnivores like myself will find limited options, but they are still very tasty. The garlic naan was excellent. Service was a bit slow, but not terrible.
This is a nice place for a quiet drink and a curry!   I am a huge fan of decent veggy curry (when it's done well) and Kalpna was just right. Edinburgh was beautiful (if freeezing) last week...and happy warming veggy food was just what I needed.   My friend and I munched our way through the saam savera and the paneer butter masala with some naan bread. I would recommend it all!!  It was delicious, if a teeny bit pricey.   I think this place deserves 3.5 stars...but I am in happy mood, so I'm rounding it up to 4. :)
Having lived in south west England for most of my life, I was deprived of South Indian food. Visiting London was always exciting solely because I could find dosas, idli and thalis. If you think that curry and biriyani is the only thing Indians eat, come here to prove yourselves wrong. You can also dine here with the knowledge that you're not eating anything which had a face. Everything is cooked here with great attention, fresh ingredients and great service.  Just to give you a taster:   Delicious dosas: crispy thin lentil and rice crepes which are filled with a mixture of spicy vegetables and potatoes, accompanied by various sauces, including coconut chutney and spicy sambar.   Idli: Steamed rice cakes, white and spongy in appearance, which can be used to dip into various spicy and cooling sauces.  Uttapam: India's answer to pizza! Flatbread baked in the oven with various spices, vegetable toppings, and potentially paneer cheese.  Don't miss the kulfi for pudding!
Having just finished exams, I visited Kalpna for the third time last night with my boyfriend, to celebrate.   Whilst I can understand the criticisms of others regarding the compulsory service charge of 10%, if you mentally calculate it while ordering your meal, it doesn't actually make this an expensive meal. Sure-it would be better if they let you decide how much of a tip you want to give regardless...   Aside from this, I cannot praise the food anymore than I already have. I went for a memorable masala dosa again, and it didn't disappoint. It was crispy, the filling was spicy and full of flavour, and the sauces absolutely delicious. I was offered a refill of the sambar when I eagerly ate it before touching the dosa. The peanut and chilli dip was really quite special, the coconut cooling and creamy as it should be. There were so many exciting flavours going on! Robbie's thali was equally exciting: he got a few fried starters like pakoras with two dips, 2 fresh-from-the-oven naan, two mini portions of curry: one aubergine, the other okra, a lentil dhal, steamed basmati rice and a cardamom and pistachio rice pudding. It was beautifully served on a traditional silver thali plate, garnished with salad. It looked doable, but he soon found himself struggling with a huge quantity of food. Fortunately, it was so good that he did find that extra room in his stomach for everything.   For pudding I opted for a saffron kulfi. It was creamy, extremely delicious and dense, unlike European ice cream with it softer and airier. The taste of saffron was very present.   The dosa cost 8.75, the thali 12.50 and the kulfi 3.50. Having tried just about every South Indian in town, I must emphasise that this is the most authentic. Dosas are naturally vegetarian, and the addition of chicken and other meat is a Western variation.   On a par with woodlands in London.
I have been coming here for years, I lived across the road in my student days so the lunch time buffet was always a go to for vast amounts of healthy food. Sadly I am never in town these days at lunch, but I have been in for their evening service many times in the last few years so my review is more focused on that aspect.  Birthday meal for the missus last night who had not been here before and is vegan, so a dedicated veg/vegan curry place was ideal. First impressions were I liked the new decor. Service was efficient and attentive.    Now the food. I always opt for the Thali (All three courses served at once on a tray containing little dishes) in here on the a la carte, alas my favourite the southern Indian Thali hasn't been on the menu for a while.  I opted for the Royal Thali and the missus the vegan thali with popadoms to start. The poppadoms turned up with pickles and a "with compliments" ... grand. Everything was great they even presented us with a new pickle we hadn't tried before, which was sag and chilli pickle.   The mains arrived promptly and what a feast to be presented with lots of curry options, great nan and amazing parkoras. We were too full for the deserts but tried a little of the vegan desert and the rice pud, which were very nice. The food was excellent and filling, just what we needed. One of the best Dal's I have tried. The missus loved her offerings too. The food was 5 stars for me.  The only downsides was when I paid up and left without checking the bill. It sounded roughly right but i was in a hurry.  We were charged extra for the pickles that were presented "with compliments" that we didn't order,  the service charge was on there and the beers were not terrible just not good. The taps really need run through a bit.  All in well worth a visit for the food. I will be back for the buffet one lunch time, but the extra costs lost a point for what would have been a 5 star review.
I had a surprisingly good time here. I say surprisingly cause we wanted Indian and picked the closest place to the hotel. I thought it would be touristy and expensive and crap and it wasn't.   The food was better than good and it was reasonable enough prices. The food also came with this mint dipping sauce which was divine!   Next time I'm in Edinburgh I will definitely try and make it back.
Really not great. I would probably go as to far to say the worst Indian restaurant I have ever eaten at, and I have been to some truly horrendous ones!   I came here last month with a couple of friends, against our better judgement as it was completely empty at about 7 in the evening, but we still dined here. The food was really not tasty, I had onion bhaji's to start which were dry and tasteless, and my friends had a selection of kebabs which they said were chewy, and they really looked unappealing. The curries were equally awful. I had the chicken bhuna, which had a super watery sauce, and the chicken was really chewy and stringy, and there was a layer of oil on the whole thing making it taste rank to be honest. The rice was also over cooked and was pretty soggy. To their credit though, the nan bread was tasty was was the best part of the meal - but it would be pretty difficult to mess that up!   The meal was really expensive too, with two courses coming to about 17 - really not worth it. I found the staff rude and unhelpful, and overall had a pretty nasty experience. Don't be fooled - just because a restaurant is on the Royal Mile does not mean it is good, I learnt the hard way!
Have great lunch specials... Located near the Uni... Really friendly staff...
Pretty good! It was a little slow when we went, so we got a lot of attention from the wait staff. The food was reasonably priced and absolutely delicious!
Saffrani is a great Indian restaurant by Edinburgh University that is extremely convenient in Old Town. I have been twice for dinner, both times with different voucher deals. I thought the curries were fantastic generally, except Mason R. had the lamb saag last time and, after I tried it, my mouth was still on fire for a full five minutes after (and it was only rated as medium spicy!). I had a creamy coconut curry with chicken that was delicious. The garlic naan was also really good. Prices were reasonable and average for Indian places here, and I thought the staff were friendly and the food was served fairly promptly, too. They had good Cobra beer and I enjoyed the mango lassi here, too. This place is a great little find and I'll be back again for dinner, or for one of their lunch deals.
Nice little restaurant tucked away on South College St. Its small and cosy and serves great food. Service was a little slow even though it wasn't that busy but reward was great fresh food. The waiter was very helpful to explain the differences between dishes and really enjoyed my visit. Another great find.
Nothing wrong with this restaurant but nothing amazing either. It's in a key location for festival frivolities so ideal for a quick fill if you are crowd dodging. Portion sizes are adequate and the Saag chicken as described in the menu. The August squeeze is on in here with tables close together and the spiced heat from the kitchen never too far away. Pappadoms were half forced into our menu before a curry choice had been made, however an array of four pickles to go with, were half worth the 2 charged for them. Sparkling water was dear, as was most of the drinks menu. For answering the 'where can we get a curry around here?' question, Saffrani will be a quick fix, a stones throw away from a majority of venues.
Indian Mela definitely seem to be one of the forgotten Indian restaurants of Edinburgh. This is undeserved. Located on the competitive South Clerk St. Indian Mela should be one of your Indian regulars.  The menu is pretty extensive, which isn't always a good thing as it can mean a lot of unfresh, pre-prepared dishes. However everything I've tried at Indian Mela has been good quality. As well as a lot of classic dishes you will find in other British Indian restaurant, there is a decent selection of specialities and in particular a good vegetarian selection. I recommend the Sag Panir!  Prices do range, but expect to pay between 7 and 10 for a main meal. Portions are decent. The staff are also friendly and at times quite chatty.  A great little Indian restaurant that deserves to be better known.
Me and my mate, after a few pubs were feeling in the mood for good curry. My friend (who generally, is an expert on these things) said we should come here, to Indian Mela - and I quote 'For free stuff and great curry'.  So thats where we ended up - in Indian Mela about 20 mins before it was due to close. The restaurant itself is small and a bit basic, but there were a few people still in it, enjoying the generally relaxed feeling and friendly staff.   We however, we there for the take away side of the business, and as we ordered from the huge menu of traditional and slightly more modern and adventurous sounding dishes - I was shock to hear the lovely member of staff asking us if we wanted complimentary popadoms and dips. So of course we took them, and sat at a table eating free food (as promised) and chatting to the staff.   When our food arrived (a bit too quickly for my liking), I was again suprised - not only were the portions huge and smelt great - I had a free lot of onion bhaji's in there as well, just as a free gift. Simply amazing.   The food itself was beautiful, full of flavour and with good quality meat and sauce - and the free things seemed to just make the meal even better. Although to be honest, even if Indian Mela hadnt been so generous I would be giving this place 5 stars - the staff are super nice, the food is like nothing I have ever tasted before and the overall price was cheap.  Really great.
Although Indian Mela doesn't look much from the outside, it is little gem of a place. It is cosy inside the restaurant with a charming and authentic Indian atmosphere.   The menu at Indian Mela offers a huge selection of dishes which are reasonably priced at about eight pounds for a main meal. They have a very substantial vegetarian menu with lots of choice and I was very pleasantly surprised with the portion sizes - they were huge so you definitely get what you pay for.  I had the Butter Chicken which was delicious and full of flavour.  The food here also isn't swimming in oil which you frequently find in dishes cooked in other Indian restaurants.    The staff at Indian Mela are incredibly friendly and chatty and the food is freshly prepared and is cooked very quickly.  You are able to book a table online or order a takeaway via phone.  I ordered my food to takeaway and received free popadoms which were an added bonus.  I will certainly be going back again soon.
great place, best curry in edinburgh and i've been around! the owner is a lovely guy who always asks advice on how to get customers in- the place is always empty which is a great shame. go there, you won't be disappointed.
Indian Mela is an excellent restaurant in the Newington area which serves delicious food at reasonable prices.  After eating here a few weeks ago with some friends I really couldn't fault it at all.  The service was friendly, open and fast whilst the quaint decor made us feel at home.  The menu has a good range of authentic Indian dishes and most main meals cost about 7.50.  I went for the Murgh Tikka starter which was tender pieces of chicken in a spicy marinade, only cost 3.  I then had the chicken Biryani which was probably one of the tastiest curries I've ever had.  The food is all served in filling portions, making Indian Mela well worth a look for a decent, well priced meal.
Sounds like the previous review was written by the owner, 5 star this is not.   On my way home from work the other day, I picked up the Culcutta (don't know if it was intentionally misspelled) Prawn Palak, which according to the menu, was "Steamed cooked prawns with fresh spinach, garnished with a touch of garlic and fresh coriander".  In reality, I got a big brown mess.  It just tastes of brown, and I know that's not very helpful in reviewing terms, but I'm trying to make a little word picture here. All the flavor died somewhere in the cooking process and was replaced by blank mush.   When i did finally excavate a prawn from the mess, it was in no shape to be eaten. It practically disintegrated in my mouth.   What's stopping this place from getting a 1 star is the rice, it was surprisingly good.
My experience of this place wasn't quite a bad as that of the previous reviewer's, but it definitely wasn't the culinary experience I had hoped for when the flyer came through my door a few months ago.  Myself and some mates decided to come here one evening for a curry and the food was pretty disappointing.  To their credit, the service was friendly and the food didn't take long at all to arrive and the place was clean. From the menu they seem to serve just about everything with spinach for some reason! There's nothing wrong with this unless - of course - if you don't like spinach.  The starters seemed pretty pricey, some of them costing over 6, so we went just went straight for a main.  I ordered the balti chicken palak which, naturally, had spinach and herbs and a plain naan.  The chicken was good quality and the naan was nice and crisp on the outside and soft on the inside.  The sauce let the whole side down, however.  The spinach tasted like it was waterlogged or something and it was like chewing through mushy green straw.  Having said this, the flavouring of the sauce was actually pretty good. Himalaya is actually quite a good restaurant, it just needs a few tweaks to its sauces and a bit less watery spinach.
I really was not that impressed with the Himalaya Tandoori Restaurant. I came here one evening with a few friends for dinner and I was really looking forward to the meal as I had never tasted Himalayan food before, but I was disappointed with the experience.   The menu is impressive, with a wide range of authentic dishes and specialities. I had the chicken kebab to start which was fine, if a little bland but it was well priced at around 4. I then had the chicken Bhuna curry for my main meal which was served in a really watery and runny sauce and the chicken was quite tough and chewy. The dishes in the Himalaya Tandoori Restaurant are reasonably priced, with most of their curry dishes around 8 and they have a good selection of meals on their vegetarian menu.   The staff were friendly and efficient and the interior of the restaurant was appealing, however, I was disappointed with the food.  Himalaya Tandoori Restaurant also serve food to take away and do home deliveries which is handy.
I have been coming to this place since the mid-80s and it is definitely consistent. At face value this is a local curry house, no pretensions of fine dining but good, reasonably priced food with attentive service. There is little better on a winter's night with the freezing wind howling up Bruntsfield Place, than to battle through the double doors into a warm and inviting aroma of indian spices.  Beware when ordering the naan: they only do these in "feed the 5,000" size!
My wife and I ate here twice in the 5 days we spent visiting Edinburgh on our honeymoon, and that in itself should tell you it's damn good. This place won't knock your socks off, but the prices are reasonable, the service is professional, and the food is solid. Oh, and there's one other thing...  The NAAN.  If you're at all a fan of this Indian bread, then you need to go to Himalaya. The price is pretty much the same as any other Indian restaurant, but the size is anything but. The naan portion you'll get with a single order is absolutely enormous. Easily enough for four people, or two really stupid Americans who may be gluttons for punishment.  Even if you're not a big naan eater, you'll still enjoy it here. The portions are good-sized, too, and the food comes out rather quickly. Give it a shot.
A couple of weeks ago, my friends from uni came back up to Edinburgh and we ordered a take away from here, before heading out for a night on the town and we all agreed that Delhi Diner offers a great selection of food and is very tasty. Even my vegetarian friend was able to find he had a good selection to choose from.  The food we ordered came very quick, although it was a Thursday night, and I'm sure the chefs wouldn't have been inundated with orders. I ordered a couple of papadums and a chicken Korma, although I normally go for something hot, I hadn't had a korma in a while and was pleasantly surprised at how flavoursome this one was. I ordered a plain naan to accompany my meal and this was good too, not too greasy unlike other restaurants that I have been to. The price for all of this was around 13, which is about average, so considering the portions you get and the quality, I would definitely order again from here.
Mixed experiences I'm afraid.  Food is good and was particularly impressed when I ate in, however takeaways take forever to arrive and even when I've collected seem to take far too long (my guess is they forgot my order until I turned up).  Recently undergone a facelift so would be interested to see if anything else has changed.
I've recently been back to the Delhi Diner and it was really good.  The service was attentive without being intrusive, the food was delicious and they have big bottles of Cobra beer! What else could you ask for???  Definitely will go back.
At Pataka, hidden away from the city's hubbub in Newington, the order of the day is Indian and Bengali food - personal favourites of mine.  Both a restaurant and take away, Pataka is never without a customer - and it is easy to see why. Food here is bursting with traditional flavours of India and cooked to perfection. Prices are moderate, and both the food and drink menus are extensive.The restaurant itself is cosy and modern, but still shows its traditional roots.  Staff are friendly and quick, plus a quick chat with our waitress revieled that Pataka has featured in one of Ian Rankin's Rebus detective novels - which was a nice suprise.  Patakas is an excellent restaurant, with good food and nice surroundings.
Pataka has a tiny interior and a minimalist menu. But don't be put off,  what Pataka does offer is some top quality Indian fare. The menu seems to focus in the individual chefs specialities - and these are mostly unique and tasty offerings.  I opted for the Mangsho Roti, a spicy lamb dish accompanied by a couple of light and fluffy chapattis. As my fellow diners agreed, Pataka's dishes seem to have a clean and fresh appeal that plenty of Indian restaurants seem to lack.  A little out of town, but with plenty of nearby bars to accompany a visit to Pataka you should be settled for the settled and content for the evening.
A great little place but somewhere you need to make a reservation for, the seating area is tiny and it's always full.  Take this as a good sign though, I'm told that the vast majority of people in here are returning, regular customers.  When I finally got a table, I was blown away by the attention the charming waiting staff paid us (anymore and it would have been creepy). My lamb was cooked to perfection and really juicy. They rice was some of the best I've ever tasted, whatever they flavored it with should be bottled and sold as an alternative to crack.
A classic curry house that strangely is also a homage to Glasgow's Macintosh-designed tea rooms of the early 20th century, complete with the high-backed wooden seats. They serve a nice range of curries, all with lots of thick sauce, just as it should be. My favourite is the bright red Tikka Massalam.  As another reviewer reminded me - this wee restaurant also featured in one of Ian Rankin's Rebus novels ("Set In Darkness").
I love a good tasty Indian meal, and this is exactly what I got at Pataka. I have gone to many Indian restaurants and this is a very good one and the prices are pretty reasonable too. I started off with a couple of papadums which were lovely and crispy and not too greasy and followed this up with a chicken Rogan Josh, which was just under 6 and had accompanied this with a naan bread which was well sized. The meal was delicious, the Rogan Josh sauce was full of spice and flavour and the chicken was lovely and tender. I normally get a carry out from Pataka, but the decor inside is nice, if not a bit simple.
Really great food, best Indian meal I've had in Edinburgh. Staff are very friendly. Outside and inside was refurbished recently and looks the better for it (photos on yelp are dated now)The food is tasty, great variety; sabzi chiili dahl is amazing, the chicken dish in the chef's special wow!
A decent Indian (Bengali) dining experience with a reasonable price for the generous amount of food.   We were a party of two on a weeknight with some time to spend.  Ordered a vegetarian Biryani, Okra, Chicken Bhuna, and some garlic naan, paired with the house white (a fruity affair described as "quite nice" by my non-connoisseur partner) and lassi (drinking yoghurt level, definitely not as thick as I would prefer it).  The staff are very friendly and courteous, and the food is quite pleasing. Each of the above dishes is well prepared - e.g. okra maintains a slight crunch, vegetables retain a mix of their own flavour and the main spices. There is a pleasing selection on the menu for vegetarians and non-vegetarians.    One main reason a 5 is not given is my high expectation, having visited eastern India. On the other hand, I forgot to request original spiciness. This would be quite tasty to European palates. My partner and I have sort of agreed to a 4.5, complimenting our sum total experience with this place.
For a lonely foreign boy needing a good cry, the vindaloo had me bawling like a baby.    It's been 10 years (1998) since I've been back, but it was a reliable go-to throughout that rainy, gray summer.     It also gave me a little cachet when passing judgment on the subcontinental food out west.  I mean, who's gonna go to South Queensferry, Scotland to challenge my credibility?  Nobody, that's who.
As far as I know this is the only Indian restaurant/takeaway I know of in South Queensferry but it does its job so well I doubt there is need for another.  Queens Spice offers a wide range of dishes with seemingly fresh ingredients. Sitting in, you are surrounded by a really hospitable, welcoming atmosphere and the staff are really helpful. The great bonus for me here is the wide selection of vegetarian starters and main meals. I would recommend the sag aloo, a potato and spinach dish, heavily flavoured with coriander and mustard seeds. Also expect to find your usual Indian curries here. Prices are pretty good/average with starters costing 3.96+ and main courses around 7 or 8.   As already mentioned you can also order takeaway, and this is definitely something I would consider doing more regularly if I lived nearby. The only odd, but not bad, thing about this place is the strange piece of fruit you seem to acquire when you order?
The Clay Oven is an 'authentic Indian restaurant' which serves a fully halal menu.  The decor inside is nice and has a kind of enclosed feel which adds to the atmosphere and makes you feel like you're having a proper South Asian experience.  The service, however, is pretty bad.  I came here with two mates a few months ago and the waiters basically ignored us for for about two minutes when we first came in and then seemed indifferent when were giving them our order for takeaway.  I ordered the lamb ramaya ( one of their specialities apparantly) with rice and a naan.  The food seemed to take an eternity to arrive and when it did they just dumped it on the counter and walked off without even acknowledging that it was ours.   When we got it back to the flat the food was actually a stark contrast to the service and it tasted pretty good.  I'm fairly sure I didn't actually get what I ordered, but it was still a good meal. The Clay Oven would be an excellent restaurant were it not for the poor service which lets down the whole experience of the place.
The Clay Oven is a delightful Indian restaurant on the busy and bustling Morningside Road in Edinburgh, so it is in a great location for students to go to for their lunch or dinner.  It is quite small inside, but instead of it feeling cramped, it feels warm and cosy. The decor inside is authentically Indian with Indian music playing in the background.   The Clay Oven offers a wide selection of authentic Indian cuisine on its menu, with a good vegetarian choice as well. I had the Chicken Pasanda which was on their specialities menu and it was absolutely delicious as it was cooked fresh and the chicken was full of flavour - yum! It was very well priced too at under eight pounds, and it was a decent size with lots of rice which was also cooked perfectly. The Clay Oven also offers set menus which cost around 15 per person and include kebabs, nan, rice and a desert. I found the staff very friendly and accommodating.   The Clay Oven also serves takeaways which are always cooked very quickly, and they now do home deliveries which is incredibly handy if you want a delicious curry an don't want to walk for it.  Definitely The Clay Oven is the place I am going to when I next fancy a curry.
Call me superficial, call this trivial, but there's just something a little bit special about having a takeaway delivered by a man in a three piece suit. This has nothing to do with the quality of the food (which is excellent), but it definitely brightens up my day.  I've been getting take-aways from the Clay Oven for years. We (as a flat) used to get the banquet for two between four of us. You get (wait for it): Chicken Tikka Massallam; Lamb Bhuna; Mixed Vegetable Bhaji; Alo Gobi Massallam; Pilau Rice (2 portions); Sultana Nan; Kulfi. Yeah, that's for two people. So unless you've a huge appetite, this works out at just shy of 6 per person for four (22.95), which makes it really good value. Otherwise it is one of the more expensive take-aways.  Top tip: Ask them to swap the kulfi (a sort of weird Indian frozen dessert) for another naan. We've never had a problem doing that. Unless you really like kulfi, you weirdo.
A few friends and I ordered takeaway from the Clay Oven recently to accompany wine and  theX Factor. It was delicious and authentic in the way that only food from an Indian restaurant is, as opposed to just a stand-alone takeaway. It took a while to come but was worth the wait and proved to be filling and of excellent quality. We had a range of chicken dishes, prawn dishes, rice and nan breads between us and all were impressive, I'll definately make it my local go-to for yummy and reliable indian food.
One of many christmas outings, this time a work do, and I was curious to see what the Clay Oven would be like.  Firstly, the food is good and plentiful. It's like Jenny L said, British Indian rather than completely authentic but we had a brilliant buffet mix that satisfied meat eaters and vegetarians. The meat dishes were packed full of really great quality meat and there was no stringy, fatty bits on the lamb dish we had, which I do usually find can be an issue.  We were in the back of the restaurant and it would be fair that we did bring our own atmosphere. Service was good and staff were helpful, but just a bit slow at removing excess bottles and glasses to make way for food which was a wee niggle.   As this was a buffet, I'm not sure what dishes we had - a chicken korma I think as the cream and coconutty/almondy sweetness gives this away, sag aloo, a mushroom dish, the lamb dish and all sorts of naan's and pilau rice. The naan's went down well - I think we had a selection of all types but as I'm GF, I passed on these, though the poppadoms were amongst some of the best I've ever had :-)  So, why not 4 stars. Well, sitting near the store room, I did see prawns in a box, obviously being taken down to the kitchen which made me glad we didn't get the Christmas set menu, so that put me off a bit. But for a group and as long as you are happy to amuse yourselves with some tasty food, then yep its worth a visit.
Holy shashlik kebab batman. That was one big plate of food. Seriously, the most noteworthy thing about this restaurant is the portion sizes, and the subsequent (delicious) food baby that ensued.  My friend and I dined here early one Monday evening - restaurant dead hour. As a result it was just us, and one other table. So ambience was lacking. There was also some awful twangy hawaiin inspired Indian music on in the background, and it was loud enough that we kept noticing and commenting. And last little irk, the waiter practically fell over himself insisting we ordered poppadoms. Which we really didn't want. And had to say NO to several times. Luckily he didn't bring them, but seriously - I know you make mark up from selling fried air at 40p a pop, but I don't want them!  Anyway, the better stuff. The food. The menu is more British Indian than traditional. I appreciate good food in its traditional form, and so prefer restaurants that serve up the closest imitation to straight-from-the-country as it can. There are other Indians in Edinburgh that do this better. But for what it was - British Indian - it seemed ok.  We both went for the Chicken Shashlik kebab - chicken tandoori with green peppers, onions and tomato. As we ordered the same thing, when it was brought out we assumed the portion in the waiters hand was for both of us to share. He proceeded to dish it onto my friend's plate...and continued serving it ALL until it was gone, and reappeared with a fresh sizzling platter of meat for me. I regretted ordering the boiled rice as 'filler'.  Actually that's one other wee thing that irked me. I would have preferred if he'd set the sizzler down beside us and we had helped ourselves, rather than putting it *all* on our plates at once, for us. As a result I ate it all, but perhaps wouldn't have done had it been on the sizzler. A tactic?  Anyway, the chicken itself was a wee bit dry, and the yoghurt tandoori marinade a wee bit chalky, but the vegetables were quite nice - I liked the tomato - and as far as meals go it was finished, and enjoyed. Not outlandishsly wonderful by any stretch, but for 'filling Indian fare' it hit the spot.  But the best part was the price. That previously mentioned mountain of sizzling meat set me back 8. The rice and pickles added on bumped it up a wee bit, but I didn't touch my rice. Value for money it is!  I think I'd rather order takeaway from here than eat in again. We were eating in as we were popping into the Dominion for a film after, and neither of us expected more than we got for 6pm on a Monday. But I think for those nights you need a huge amount of spicy food in front of The Apprentice or Friday night film, this could hit the spot. Just make sure and say NO poppadoms if you're that way inclined.
The Morningside Spice is a fantastic Indian restaurant on Morningside Road. It has recently undergone a refurbishment and now the interior looks classy and modern; I went for a meal there this evening and there were fresh tulips on the tables, it was a nice touch. The staff are wonderful; whenever I visit I am greeted like an old friend, it's one of the reasons I keep going back. Tonight I ordered the lamb tikka, it is a relatively simple dish but a lot depends on the quality of the lamb; needless to say, the quality of the meat was excellent and I enjoyed my dinner immensely. I finished off with the pistachio kulfi which the waiter informed me was homemade, it was delicious and my mum declared it 'magnificent'. I can't wait for my next visit.
Morningside Spice is a great Indian restaurant with a good, well organised menu, and great food and service.  I went there for the first time about three weeks ago and the decor inside was pretty stunning with a fresh, contemporary feel.  The menu has a whole range of kebabs of varying sorts as well as the usual rogan josh, balti and tikka dishes.  I opted for the beef karahi which I hadn't ever tried before and it tasted great.  I love cardamom seeds and this dish had plenty of them with a good balance of heat and real flavour.  The portions are a perfect size, even for big eaters, and the naans are some of the biggest and best I think I have ever eaten.   The service is quick and friendly and they also do free deliveries on takeaways under 10 which I would certainly recommend.  I can't really fault this place as it's moderately priced with great food and a chilled out atmosphere.
Morningside Spice is a great Indian restaurant and takeaway in the Morningside area of Edinburgh - in an ideal location for students to pop into for their lunch or dinner.   They offer a wide selection of authentic Indian cuisine which is cooked with fresh spices and is always full of flavour. I ordered the Chili Garlic Chicken which was completely delicious but really spicy and it felt like my mouth was on fire by the end of the meal. The rice is excellently cooked and the naan breaks are massive - yum! Morningside Spice also had wide selection of vegetarian meals and I had the vegetable pakoras to start which were amazing. The waiters in the restaurant were warm and welcoming and incredibly efficient in their service.   They also offer a takeaway service which was really popular was I was dining in the restaurant and having tasted their food I can see why. The only downside which I could see was that the people who were ordering takeaways were waiting a long time for their food, but it was a busy Friday night so it is probably to be expected.  I will definitely be back at Morningside Spice for another curry soon, I loved it.
I found the food to be way too greasy compared to what I know from other indian places. Very tasty though.    Service was slow but that may be due to the bigger groups that were there at the time I ordered.
We had a takeaway from Morningside Spice which was ok.  The poppadoms were very tasty and the dips very nice however the main courses were a little bland.  My husband had chicken Bhuna and I had Kashmiri chicken.  However it did come very quickly and the staff were friendly.
Having been out for a lovely walk through the Hermitage, which is such an amazing place to take a walk and feed the ducks on a sunny day, with my wee one and my parents it was decided that we would go for a curry for a lunch.   Now the original plan was to go to a different restaurant but when they turned out to be less then helpful and seemed unable to give us a straight answer about what time they actually opened we decided to opt for Morningside Spice instead. And let me say I am very glad we did, what a little gem.  To start with they were very accommodating of my wee one's large buggy and were very happy to make room for it and most importantly, as all parents can agree, they had a high chair.  We all opted to go for the set lunch menu which comprises of a starter, main dish curry, rice or nan bread, followed by either vanilla ice cream or coffee... all for just 6.95. I mean that alone just screams to me 'What an amazing deal!'. What is really nice about the lunch menu is that while some places offer you a very limited selection of dishes Morningside Spice allows you a good sized well rounded choice. 6 starter choices, both for the meat eater and the vegetarian. When it comes to your main dish you can have either chicken, lamb or veg and choose from mild, medium, sweet & sour or hot. Throw in the fact that there are then twelve different sauces to choose from you can have no doubt that there will be something for everyone.  Now I went with the Chicken Pakura to start with and I was delighted with the extremely tender pieces of chicken coated in a lovely aromatic batter. It was a perfectly sized lunch time starter accompanied with a nice cooling salad and a lovely dip with just the right amount of spice in it. And it wasn't a pathetic little splodge of sauce on the side either, between the 3 of us we had a good sized bowl of it, so for those of you that enjoy a good dipping you won't be disappointed.   Now as much as I love curries i have to admit i am a bit of a wimp when it comes to things being too hot, i am truly a bit of a girl, so I decided to go with a mild chicken malayan. Between the3 of us we went with two rices and one nan bread which worked out great for sharing as nans where a very good size.   When my malayan turned up it came in one of those tradition round metal curry bowls which i really like to see, i mean why go out for a curry if it just shows up on a plain white plate... i can do that at home for any meal. The portion size was just right for lunch time and the peices of chicken were a good size and very tender and again it had a great amount of very yummy sauce, just the right amount for mixing in with the lovely fluffy rice or scooping up with the nan bread.  Having scrapped my bowl clean of every trace of sauce and then offering to help my mum with a bit of her lovely korma sauce the small scoop of vanilla ice cream that followed was just the perfect way to finish off the meal, especially i imagine if you have been braver than me and gone for one of the hotter curries.  It was a great meal and I'm definitely planning on going back to try their full menu, along with a few more Cobra beers.
** Lunch Buffet Review **  i went here for lunch probably 2 months after they opened.  I had high hopes based upon the menu--a lot of good non-standard Indian food...  but the food was just OK.  I hate to judge a place by its buffet...    Service was good.  The folks were friendly... but the food just wasn't what I was expecting taste wise.  Their curries needed salt.
Take Out Only Review*  I am so very happy there is now an Indian restaurant in our neighborhood.  I was near ecstatic when I learned of their upcoming opening.  I've been peeking in windows and organizing a weekly drive-by to check on their progress.  Well, after all of my patient waiting they finally opened yesterday.  As I am recovering from the nasty cold that has taken over much of the Henderson/LV population, my husband and I decided to get some food to go.    It took forever.  I mean when the women at the counter said 25 minutes, she meant 35+.  (Opening day, I can't take much issue with this.  However, I do feel as if no place should open until they are ready.) I think she may be one of the owners.  Nice lady, but you could see she was exhausted from the initial opening of the establishment.    In any case, we ordered the Samosas, which they were out of.  Instead, we ordered the Onion Bhajis.  What we received were the Vegetable Pakoras.  They were really good.  Crispy and light, yet still dense and fulfilling.  The cilantro sauce was awesome.  Spicy and just tart enough.    For our entrees, my husband ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala ($15) as he always does.  We think this was another mix up, because quite frankly it wasn't very creamy and it had way too many peppers and onions in it, which leads me to believe it was the Chicken Jalfrazi.  That would explain the extra spiciness that one usually does not find in Tikka Masala.    They have you order by #.  Which I think is going to be kind of challenging given the goofs we have experienced thus far.  Again, first day...  I ordered the Lamb Korma ($16).  Oh my goodness, it was wonderful.  The lamb was tender and falling apart.  The sauce was very flavorful and had just the right amount of heat so I could feel a bit of sweat building up on my chin.  Yummmy!  I loved mine, a lot.  We also had some Saffron Rice ($4).  It was tasty too.  Nothing special, it's rice after all.    There prices are a bit more expensive than our usual India Palace, but the portions are substantially larger.  Allowing more than enough for leftovers.  Except for the rice, if two want leftovers the next day, order 2 sides of rice.    Final verdict, I will definitely go back for some more and dine in this time as I need to make an update on the floor service.  The interior is lovely, but the lighting was a bit too bright when we were there.  Also, they should have had some fabric draped from the ceilings as it would have make a marked difference to the level of coziness and warmth.    P.S.  daily lunch buffet, if you're into that kind of thing...
Ahhh... sooo much opportunity... the only Indian food in Henderson area!  They could make a killing!  We've waited so long!  So disappointed!  I stopped by earlier in the day to review the menu since I was in the area, and happily found they had pani poori and chaat and other non-standard fare - pretty much the only nice, sit-down restaurant in all of Las Vegas that serves Pani Poori AFAIK.. but I digress.    Well I convinced my SO to go down there and give them a shot.  We get seated and order some chaat - which was OK but not as good as I remember it.   Fine.  We tried to order the Samosas too (like the first review) but they were still out... after 3 days?  Indian restaurant with no samosas?  Its like peanut butter and no jelly!   Turner and no Hooch!   Ahh... let's move on.  We also ordered a full dish of Tandoori Chicken and Chicken Tikka Masala curry.   The food comes out relatively fast - but we had the same problem as the first reviewer - the curry had no curry!  Normally the complaint is too much sauce, no meat.  This was all meat, onions and peppers, and a tiny bit of curry.  That would have been OK, but the meat was... tough?    Tough, over cooked meat?  I can't even remember the last time I ever had overcooked chicken in a restaurant.  Maybe at some backyard BBQ when they forgot to check on it after 30 minutes, but not in a restaurant!  Not for a $15 dish!!  Dry, tough chicken, yuck.  The full dish of Tandoori Chicken for $15 is big.  SO BIG, it barely fits on the serving plate.  That's cool and all, but I'm making a mess just trying to get food off the plate.  Plus, the Tandoori is DRY TOO!  WTF!!  It's supposed to be succulent and appetizing and yummy.  Instead we're both depressed and barely touch either dish.  We get it to go for lunch tomorrow.    I wake up the next day and what do I find my SO doing?  Cooking lunch.  She wont even take this stuff to work.  She'd rather spend 2 hours cooking something than eat that meal.  *sigh*.  Such high hopes!  Sorry Taza.  Please, learn how to cook the chicken?  Is that too much to ask?
I had lunch at Taza recently, and while I claim no knowledge of Indian food, I enjoyed it. It was just under $12 per person if I remember correctly, which seems average, and there was a pretty large selection. The butter chicken and tandoori chicken were especially delicious -- although for the latter, they had two batches while I was there and the first was a little dry. Very very flavorful, though.  I want to say there were at least 8 hot dishes (like palak paneer, spicy garbanzo beans, goat curry, samosas, pakora, etc.), soup, a chutney section, a salad, and desserts (cream puffs and cake-ish things, too, along with other things I do not know the names of). And, of course, they bring you a basket of warm yummy naan. Again, as someone who knows nothing about Indian food, I'd go again. Everything tasted good to me.
The food is fine -- some of it is very interesting -- as is the service. But I was double-charged for a $145 family meal, so make sure to check your credit-card statements.   The manager says she will take care of it, but I'm annoyed at having to jump through hoops to correct an error on their part. Thank goodness I used a credit card and not a debit card.
I went here with a couple of friends on a Monday night. We were greeted by a gracious hostess and immediately seated in a large booth. The atmosphere was great, and the restaurant was quiet. Then we opened the menu. Everything seemed rather expensive, but we still ordered, Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Curry, and Lamb Curry, all with sides of Saffron Rice (not included in the price by the way) and Naan. The portions were small, especially for what we paid. Also we noticed that the chicken dishes were VERY salty. The Lamb was overcooked, but it was probably microwaved since we got there towards the closing. We won't be going back here, and continue our search for a decent Indian place in Las Vegas
we went here today and had the lunch buffet, it was great. the price was $12 and the buffet runs daily. I don't know about the dinner menu because they don't open for dinner until 5 pm but the buffet is awesome. Very diverse, many items in the buffet, the bread they bring out is fresh right out of the oven, i will be returning.
ok i had the buffet which did this restaurant no justice! We had dinner Sunday night and it was amazing! Indian food is my new favorite cuisine. We had the tandoori platter with lamb and chicken and a veg curry entree saffron rice onion kulcha bread and they have Taj Mahal beer. Every thing was phenomenal. Must go here! Dessert was the cheese ball yummy!
My co-worker and I stopped in for their lunch buffet.  The food seemed a little bland and mild.  I definitely would have preferred some more spice and flavor.  However, the food was good overall.  They actually bring out the naan fresh and warm; it was definitely the highlight.  I could eat that naan dipped in butter chicken sauce all day long.  The mango lassi was also pretty good, as were the cheese balls.
I saw this place several times driving up and down Eastern, so I finally decided to stop in and try it out. I am really glad I did. The buffet was laid out nicely. Most importantly, the place was clean. The butter chicken and the naan bread was delicious.
I just got back from London last week and have been craving Indian food ever since i got back after eating it every other day while there. I came across Taza on Eastern and saw they had a  lunch buffet and gave it a shot. The service is great and the decor is nice as well. Do like the very BIG flat screen they have too. There are a lot of choices for the lunch buffet and it is a good deal for your $ but the food was very dry and not very tasty. The best thing i had there was the naan and soup. Looks like i will have to wait until i go back to London to get some quality Indian
Just ok! The lunch buffet is decent. Dinner is outrageously priced, and ala cart, right down to the rice and naan bread. Heaven forbid you get a little free rice with your $20 indian entree or a piece of naan!!! Their dinner portions are also small, and they really skimp on the meat. Flavor-wise: ok, good for Las Vegas, but won't compare to the Indian restaurants in California. Just not authentic indian cooking! Their 30+ item lunch buffet is more reasonable for $11.99 Their best dish here is butter chicken: tandoori chicken in a butter, cream sauce, and their gulab jamun. But their naan bread is very dried, perhaps yesterday left overs???
I want to give this place a 5.. but i just CAN'T. There is nothing wrong with this place... and I can't even think of a concrete reason to not give it the best review... I have been here two times, once during dinner and once for the lunch buffet.  -my opinion-  Great service (at dinner)  Great selection (lunch buffet)  Very decent atmosphere  Very Clean  Good location (fills that need for Indian food in that area)   But the problem is this... The food is just.... I mean it's good... just not quite... Great? what am i trying to say? I don't know.  I think the food is a bit bland.
We love Indian food. So we were excited when this place opened up.. We finally made our way to try it last week and it was so good!!! It was expensive for dinner and granted we had a gift certificate that we purchased online at restaurants.com. However, it was really good and worth the money. The garlic nan, chicken tikki marsala and some lamb dish that we got was amazing. We will be eating here again.
Taza Indian Kitchen is currently closed for business.
Lunch buffet review:  Being the closest Indian restaurant to my house, I decided to check it out the other day. During the week, they run a $11.99 lunch buffet special which has just about everything you can ever imagine out on the line including: chicken tandoori, goat curry, samosas and a lot of other tasty stuff that I do not remember the name of.   Overall, if your in the area and hungry for Indian food, it's definitely worth a stop, especially if they are running a lunch buffet special. You may not come back, but at least you can say you tried it!
Oh where, oh where can you find decent Indian food in Vegas?  Bollywood Grill, that's where. In fact, I would argue it's the best Indian I've had outside of the UK (where Indian food is as common as Mexican food in L.A.)  and may be a close approximation of India itself.  The menu keeps up the Bollywood them of the decor, separating items into Previews, Opening Scenes and Hits. And tasty hits they are, especially if you're a curry fan.   I had the Chicken Karishma and it was perfect, served with a separate bowl of rice and the curry itself sitting on a bowl atop a flame right at the table.   The Trailers were worth coming early. The pandoras were incredible.  Helps to also have a very eagfer and helpful staff who will help explain the items on the menu without any mocking or disappointment.   One of the better local dining experiences I've had.
located in the old "vegas diner" sometimes mistaken for a 5 & diner.like there's not already enough indian places barely surviving, and there's a reason the last place went out of business. it's right next door to the hash house a go-go .i wanna know who does the planning for picking the locations? do they not do any research?
if i could rate this purely on taste, they would have gotten 4 or 5.   i ordered the tandori and samosa. taste was good but it was very expensive and didnt come with anything but the entree. IT HAD NO RICE OR NAN ORANYTHING! whatkind indian restaurant serves food without damn rice. a small side order of rice is 4.50. WTF?!   i came in with a friend and we were the only 2 people inside the ''diner."   truthfully honestly, the 2 owners watched us every second we were in there. they watched when we ate watched when we paid, watched every single fukn minute we were in there. very uncomfortable. stupid place. great taste
Seems like it's been a challenge finding decent Indian restaurants in Vegas.  There's a few east of the strip, but I'm on the west side and it's been slim pickings out here.  I spotted a place on Rainbow called Maharaja's, but when driving up for lunch found that it wasn't open yet.  I then decided to eat at the Buffet@Asian on the corner of Rainbow & Sahara (not a bad place, BTW), and upon leaving spotted the Bollywood Grill next door and noted that it was open.  So I made it over there for lunch a couple days later.  Most of the patrons were Indian, as was the staff-- and it looks to be pretty authentic (I've never been to India, so I can't say with absolute certainty).  The lunch buffet included more selection than most I've seen, including most of the common items (tandoori chicken, dal makhani, channa masala, aloo saag, aloo gobi, kheer, chicken makhani, etc.) and quite a few other items that are a bit less common, including aloo-ki-tikki (or something like it), and some kind of seasoned ground meat kabob and a fish korma along with several other things I don't recall (or perhaps didn't recognize).   While it may not have been the absolute best Indian food I've ever had, it was quite tasty, about the best I've had in Vegas anyway, and the variety was really great.  They also have a sweet-shop counter (Mithai) with a wide variety of tasty items.  The atmosphere was fine-- it's not particularly huge inside, but there are a lot of booths and as you would expect given their name, there's a video screen in the main dining area running bollywood musicals (fortunately though, the sound wasn't overbearing and some even had subtitles for those like me who don't speak Hindi).   Well worth checking out.  It's just south of the big Harley store on Rainbow just north of Sahara, immediately to the east of Buffet@Asian.
The Food was okay - nothing special, nothing fancy. The price was a bit high. We paid 12.99 USD for the lunch buffet and 3.99 USD for their Mango lassi (which was tasty). We liked the theme though: BOLLYWOOD. The decor inside was cute and intimate.
This place gets three stars because of the decor and the owner is a character - nice guy.  The food is more like 2+ stars.  Portions are a bit on the small side and prices are a bit on the high side.  We had chicken tikka masala and lamb vindaloo - both good not great.    We also had malai kafta which was served in a gravy that is a bit stronger, more heavily seasoned, and more savory than the subtle, almost sweet gravy we have grown accustomed to at other places.  With the cheezy decor, the non-stop Bollywood movies playing on a 50inch plasma and friendly staff we definitely left with a smile on our face.    Also they have a nice selection of indian sweets - halwa and stuff - in a display case by the cash register.  We bought some to go and it was decent.  I don't know anywhere else to get halwa on the west side.
We just finished dinner here and I have to say it was great! The best Indian food I've had in a LONG time. Yes, a little pricey-but it was worth it. The only complaint I would have to say is sometimes the staff was slow in refilling our water.  The place had an okay sized crowd -tonight was a Sunday night. Lamb Samosas, vindaloo, and chicken saag were especially good. WE will come back.
Given the multitudes of restaurants in Vegas,  it seems like a shame to not try something new each time. So I tried Bollywood Grill instead of sticking with the tried and true. Big mistake.  As others have mentioned, the service was very slow and unorganized. My server wrongly announced my dish as chicken masala when in fact I ordered a vegetarian meal.(Luckily the kitchen got the order right)  The food itself was nothing special. I had paneer makhani and the sauce was somewhat bland and they were stingy with the paneer.  But what made me vow never to return were the prices. Turns out rice and naan are extra, to the tune of $4 and $3. WTF? Since when is rice extra? So imagine my surprise when my $12 vegetarian entree came out to be $30! I'm surprised there wasn't a silverware rental fee as well!  From now on, I'm sticking with the Samosa Factory, tried, true and voted best in Vegas. What was I thinking?
Food is mediocre and the ambience isn't all that great. They do have a mix of North and South Indian ( typically Andhra ) food. The rates are on the higher side. Personally I didn't feel that I got value for my money .
Wonderful place! I loved the decor and ambiance! Coming in, I wasn't expecting much, but was intrigued by the "American Diner" exterior and Indian food unlikely match. The lunch buffet was $10.99 and incredibly fresh and tasty (not all Indian places in town have fresh food in their buffet, unfortunately). The decor is what makes this place! So cute and cozy! Mirrored circles and stars on the ceiling, low blue lighting, throw pillows and starched tablecloth all add to the ambiance. The food was definitely above average. The owner is definitely a character, and a friendly one at that. Service was brisk and amicable, although could have been a bit friendlier. I would recommend this place for anyone who likes ethnic cuisines (good for vegetarians, of course, many vegetarian options!) as well as for romantic randez-vous. Great lunch buffet at a good price as well!
I didn't really enjoy their food overall. The roti-like bread isn't bad. I do like their mango/yogurt drink and cheese dessert. The main meals just didn't taste good in my opinion. Maybe others have a different opinion. Service is nice and friendly though. Indian palace is better choice to me.
Man i do love me some indian food!  Went here with a buddy and I was blown away by how the front of the building looked. Place looks like a cross between a jungle, a night club, and a movie theater, yet the side facing the Buffet@Asia place looked like a closed 50's style diner.  The staff was very nice and recommended imported indian beers with our choices of food. The inside of the place was very nicely decorated and Indian music videos were playing on the screen and through the speakers, if that's not immersion i dont know what is.  The food i'm gonna have to agree with everyone else, Portions are ridiculously small and if it wasnt for the appetizer my buddy got we would have stopped by a del taco after hanging out. and the prices are high for the amount of food.  I would take people here from out of town as an experience but as a local i'd stick to smaller mom and pop indian spots
I tried Bollywood again after not going for many months.  My main peeve, as before is that the lunch buffet is lukewarm at best.  This time I asked to have my plate microwaved and it was much better hot!  They've really watered down the raita and other sauces.  Spice is mild and the food is flavorful.  They have a good selection of vegetarian entrees.  Dinner has been good here before -- I'd avoid the combo special -- the eggplant dishes were superb.  Dinner pricing is considerably more than the $9.99 7-day lunch buffet they're currently offering.  I won't be going back soon.
My wife and I were excited by an Indian place opening up on our side of the valley. Unfortunately the food isn't up to the standard of the better places in town.  The lunch buffet, one of the big selling points of Indian food for me, features some odd choices and they really let it run down in the last 90 minutes.  Bollywood is OK if you're really craving Indian and can't be bothered driving for a few minutes down Sahara to Mt Everest or one of the many other superior Indian restaurants that Vegas has on offer.
Where to begin...the service was sooooo slow. We almost left because they were taking forever to take our order and I wish we had.  Want rice with your entree? It's gonna cost you an extra 4 bucks! What's up with that? We're paying you $14 per entree, so just give us some damn rice! Want more water? It's best if you're a camel because it's not coming anytime soon. They see you but they pretend not to like it would be such a drag to come over to the table and actually work. I ordered the chicken vindaloo and I felt like such a vindaloozer waiting there for it  to come. What gets me about this place is their service is extremely poor yet they feel the need to nickel and dime you on everything. I'm surprised there weren't quarter machines on the restroom stalls, which by the way reeked like a Kentucky outhouse with no ventilation. To be fair the food was good but if you want to spend a fortune for crappy service and a feeling like you've been thoroughly ripped off, come to this place!
The food was good, but you get very little for your money.  It is over priced and service was nonexistent.  You pay $3.00 for soda, no refill, better yet you cant even get more water.  Cant say I would go back.
The food is very oily and unhealthy. The dessert was placed within the main meal at the buffet. The chef is very unkempt and frequently comes outside.
After trying a few other Indian places in town and outside and after visiting this place a few more times, it has risen to 5 stars in my mind. I just keep on coming back to Bollywood. The food is definitely above average--it's actually quite yummy. The atmosphere is cute and cozy. The service is impeccable. I will be back again and again. This is quickly  becoming one of my favorite places in town!
All in all a very pleasant experience yet restrictive for the price.  I really liked  the Indian cinema theme throughout the restaurant and menu. Bollywood serves up smaller portions than most Indian restaurants.  But bigger doesn't always necessitate better when it comes to portion size. Our spread of cheese and chicken pakoras with mint sauce, chicken tikka masala, chicken biryani,mattar paneer,  with garlic, onion and rogini naan.  I must say that it did not disappoint. The staff bent over backwards for us, especially to help with our wine selection, a Chilean red.  I will be back someday for their lunch buffet.
Good reasonably priced Indian food.  Loved the naan and the korma.  The service was good, but the atmosphere was a bit cold.
I tried the lunch buffet, most of the items were flavorless and lacked the north indian/ mughlai masala. I think they have a cook from South india which probably explains better south indian dishes. The atmosphere was good. The servers need to dress properly.
I came here with my boyfriend the other week.  We arrived at exactly 11am, so we were the very first people there. They probably didn't expect anyone to get there that early because when we came in, there wasn't anyone at the front counter for about 5 minutes. Which was okay because it allowed me to take a bunch of pictures of the place without them noticing, haha.   The lady welcomed us in and gave us a really nice window seat. I thought it was pretty cool that they had window seats, not many places do.   Once we sat down she took our drink orders. I ordered a coffee and my boyfriend ordered water. Then we went to grab some grub from the buffet.   The buffet looked pretty small, but it had a pretty good variety. The only thing that was missing was some sort of curry with PANEER! I was surprised, I've never been to an Indian lunch buffet that didn't have paneer. I got over it though, and it actually worked out pretty well since I was able to try out new things instead of sticking to the usual paneer and rice.   When we went back to our seats, the woman brought us our drinks. I wasn't very impressed with my coffee. It was extremely bitter and I couldn't really fix it. What did I expect though? I don't know why I ordered coffee at an Indian restaurant lol. I guess I just needed my caffeine fix since it was still before noon.   I probably made about 3 trips to the buffet just trying out different things and I still didn't even get to try them all because I just got SO FULL!   All in all, I enjoyed this place, it was nice and there weren't many people at all since it was a weekday morning. I bet it's a lot more cool at night since they seem to have a pretty neat light set up and all. Maybe I'll check it out at night next time :)
I had lunch today, and my instincts were right when I first walked in through the door. Unfortunately, I didn't listen to my instincts. 1. The two waiters were dressed in street clothing, and didn't speak a word of ENG. 2. I asked for a mango lassi and got  "nothing served through the course of my meal." 3. The tables had spoons and knives, but no forks. I think by now, I should have walked out the door, but wanted to try this place. Gee, what is wrong with me?   The food was tasteless, no salt, not flavor and diluted curries. by this I mean, additional water was added to the sauces and this process diluted the curries!!!! ( Wow!, cost control and quality control is definitely not part of their vocabulary here).The temp. was lukewarm and the quality of ingredients used were extremely poor. This is the first time I have ever had a bad meal at an Indian Restaurant, in the 20 yrs. tasting Las Vegas! PLEASE do not visit this place or you will end up with hear burn all day long, like I have. It's 11pm now and I am still feeling sick from my 1pm luncheon. Unless you have an enemy in your contact list, send them there. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE, even your worst enemy!
Lately, sadly to say, Bollywood Grille's food has been on a down-ward spiral. I would classify it as--flavor loss. Variety is also dwindling. I still like the place, don't get me wrong, but it is just not as good as it used to be when it first opened. Service is wonderful, quick and timely. I love the decor, but the food, although good, is not all that it was used to be. I give it 3.5 stars. Will keep on updating as I keep on visiting.
Suzy and I are big fans of Indian Cuisine, she's a gourmet cook and has made many different Indian dishes herself.  We've eaten at Bollywood at least a half dozen times and know the owner and his wife.  The food is made to order from my knowledge and the wife is the one whose provided the recipes.  Now, the decor in the restaurant is fine, and quite frankly I don't give a rats ass about how a place looks, I come for the grub.    If you're a fan of spicy food and have hair on your chest, go for the Vindaloo, it's unbelievably killer, I ate and cried, at the same time.   The Lamb Masala is excellent, I've had it several times, as are the vegetarian dishes.  The breads are excellent, hot, tasty and just the right amount of flavor. The Indian beer (litre bottle) goes extremely well with the food.  The food i very moderately priced, the service is good, not great, and the food quality is very good.   Now, I've eaten at Origin India in Las Vegas, and dollar for dollar, this place wins hands down.
I came for the AYCE Lunch special.  PROS-  * Good Service  * Owner introduced herself.. very friendly  * Dimly lit atmosphere with a Bollywood feel indeed!  * flat screen with Bollywood Music Videos playing  * Lots of natives of India were here...  that's always a good sign!  * cheap lunch AYCE special  * comfortable seating  * Fresh Naan bread served... very very good !!  * Centrally located  CONS-  * Selection was minimal in comparison to other AYCE of it's kind.  * Tandoori lacked in flavor a bit, but still good.  * There were no labels for the food.  If there was, it wasn't correct.  * Dessert selection was very minimal (in glass case not w/ AYCE) . TIPS- *  if you have a question about the food, don't hesitate to ask.  I found the staff to be quite friendly and even explained the preparation of the food. *  You can always get more Naan free of charge.  One of the best I've had. * I didn't see it on the menu, but they do have hot tea to help cleanse your palette in between different food selections.  It's possible that I overlooked it though.  Overall:    Nothing extraordinary here, but pretty good for the price ($$).  It wouldn't be my first choice, but I wouldn't mind eating here again.  This place has bigger booths to host larger parties and even an outdoor area.
Great food . Tasty lunch buffet, for around $10. Service can be a little laxed  but, the food is worth it. Nice for a date. Love the buildings resemblance to a HollyWood Video Store and the Bollywood flix being played on the flat screens............
My family and I decided to give this place a try even though our instincts told us to leave before sitting down (only because there were no other customers there). However, we thought it just might be a slow time of day and so decided to go ahead and try it out. I ordered the chicken tikki masala (always a safe bet), and the rest of my family got the lunch buffet. Our waiter was extremely friendly and helpful, but unfortunately this didn't make up for the quality or flavor of the food. Everyone who ordered the buffet found it to be pretty.. questionable, shall we say? So-so flavor, and the foods were labeled incorrectly. I would rate my chicken tikki masala as "pretty good"-- not bad, but not the best I've had. However, the portion was extremely small for the $14 that it cost, and it didn't include rice. We left feeling disappointed and sorry that we had spent good money on food that only so-so overall. I might consider returning if the prices on the menu weren't so steep.
I was craving Indian cuisine and came in for a late dinner. The place is decorated like a Bollywood movie scene, and the large flat screen was playing Bhangra style music videos. Got a little nervous that there were no patrons other than myself, and I almost left. I'm soooo glad that I stayed. My husband and I ordered one of the prix fixe meals, The Director Cut for 29.99 (the most expensive meal on the menu). There were 3 appetizers, 3 entrees, and all you can eat basmati rice and naan. The food was great! I am familiar with Norther Indian cooking, and didn't order any southern style. The portions looked small when they came to the table, but there was really way too much, and I had to take the rest home, the chef even threw in extra naan. Again, the food was flavorful and well presented. The waiter explained each dish and it's ingredients, which I was thankful for. The surprise hit was the Baingan Bartha, which is an egg plant dish. The only reason I didn't rate Bollywood with 5 stars; the dessert was rice with milk and sugar (I really think they could have done better) and we were not offered any tea after our meal (the prix fixe comes with tea or coffee). I had the Kingfisher beer, it came in a 22oz bottle for 5.99 and tastes a lot like a New Castle. I will definitely be returning!
Most Indian restaurant managers don't want Indian customers to write reviews, it's like abusing inside information! That said, the baingan (eggplant) bharta and daal makhni at this place tasted like someone opened a Trader Joe's entree, the naan was way too chewy although flavorful, but the prawn masala was OK. The minuscule prints of Bollywood stars were dimly lit and unimpressive, and not a single dish was blessed by the star it was named for on a whim.  They had one TV with a Kareena Kapoor DVD playing; many places have two or three screens and don't mention Bollywood anywhere. Lighting was too dark, the waiter was friendly but unhelpful, and there were exactly six diners in the restaurant between 7 and 9 PM. It looked like an eerie movie set of an old black-and-white Sadhna mystery, minus the creaky door.   If you're only vaguely familiar with Indian food and indifferent towards Bollywood, read  the 3-star reviews and enjoy. But if you're not, go, and don't forget to write your own 1-star review of this pricey loser.  I gave it two stars because we didn't try the inexpensive South Indian dishes which are all vegetarian. Who knows, they just might be good!
Me and a friend went in craving indian food. It was empty, we were the only customers for the hour. I can imagine it would look beautiful at night, it looked glitzy and had pictures of Bollywood celebrities. The menu even educates and introduces you to Bollywood culture. That I admire, there was even a Bollywood film playing. The menu was friendlier than the service, in my opinion. The movie didn't even have english subtitles. It felt like there was a disconnection culture-wise.  When it comes to ordering, I wasn't sure what to order, I was more like 'something fruity' for drink, and 'something with lamb' for entree. The waiter immediately had great suggestions, but only by names, he doesn't eloborate much. I had mango juice and lamb palak (spinach cream). mango juice was sweet than fruity, and the lamb dish was spicy but very good. My friend had mango lassi and chicken masala. He's a big eater and these filled him up! our bill was near 50$ however. I'm not sure if that's an ideal price, perhaps I'll look around more.
We love Bollywood! The only reason I give it 4 stars is because of the foods flavor consistency.
Unfortunately the phone number is out of service.
This is the place that introduced me to Indian food. It advertised a $10 lunch buffet and isn't far from CSN.  I can definitely say it made me love Indian food. Everything from the crusty garlic naan, to the curry, to the tandoori chicken wings. All of it was so good. The service is pretty good and I loved the restaurant's interior. It felt very comfortable in there. The exterior on the other hand is a different story. Everyone knows this used to be a 1950's themed diner, but does it have to be broadcasted? Also, the Bollywood movies and music got really nerve-wracking after a while. Although I did love it, I could already tell that there is indeed much better fare out there. I'm an Indian food amateur, but after I've tried some more Indian food, I'm sure I probably wouldn't ever go out of my way to this place again.
We called them to make sure they were open & there phone was disconnected. So I am guessing this restaurant has closed down.
Not the best Indian restaurant around.  Based on two  visits for launch, I can confirm that this restaurant falling behind other Indian restaurants in town.  I went to launch buffet the owner was standing in front of the door an talking on his phone. I had to sit my self in one of the tables.  The service was so so the waiter brought me water and nan but he was a little slow to take the empty plates.  I also couldn't ignore the uncomfortable feeling that the owner and his wife were talking on the phone and to each other in the dining hall in front of their costumers. Other restaurants have offices or kitchens I hear.  The food wasn't look very fresh and the selection was minimal.  The food display need to be CHANGED, it has broken clear plastic over it that had been fixed with adhesive tape. The decor looks like a diner that had been transformed to this restaurant very dark inside. It also has a TV set that plays nonstop Indian movies.  All in all, I won't come back here anymore, there are better Indian restaurants in town.
It's closed! Too Bad. Had a nice lunch buffet.
Not surprised that this place closed down. Mediocre food, small selection in their lunch buffet, and weak service equals dead restaurant walking on borrowed time. The only positive aspect of our visit was we met another Indian cuisine loving couple who we actually ended up sitting down with at the same table. They told us that their favorite Indian place was Mt. Everest, and wouldn't you know it, it has become one of our faves too!
Bollywood Sahara   I atmosphere was nice but not everything is what it seems.  As I walked into Bollywood on Sahara, I was pleased to see nice Indian flair throughout the restaurant I was greeted and sat at a table. I looked around and saw very nice pictures on the walls and nice booths and tables.  As I was waiting for my other half of my party to show up, I noticed that the temperature of the restaurant was a bit chilly and the man sitting in the front, who I assumed was the owner was wearing a coat. I was thinking I should have worn mine. My party arrived we started to look at the menu to make choices, only one problem, his menu was not in the same order as mine, it was confusing for my guest (who has never eaten Indian) to follow along with what I was explaining to him since our menu were so mixed up. After finally making our selection, we ordered and the appetizer came out fairly quickly. The selection was vegetable somosas, these were delicious and the waiter explained the two different choices of sauce to the both of us. My guest ordered the mixed grill and I ordered the vegetable biryani as main entrees. The food came out it was hot and looked nice. The mixed grill was very nice and tastey with two tandrooi pieces of chicken, tandrooi shrimp; sheek sausage and other spicy chicken pieces.  My vegetable biryani, however, was lacking flavor and heat, also the vegetable korma that came with the mixed grill was lacking excitement. I was disappointed about the lack of flavor since Indian food is my all time favorite meals to eat. I think the last thing that was disappointed in my visit was the waiter who clearly had not taken a shower in days. I did not say anything it was my guest who brought this point up to me.  You could still smell him after he walked by. This and a lack of flavor in the food and the cold atmosphere made this not the most pleasant experience for me and my guest. and surely not worth the $40.00 plus a tip bill.  Sorry Bollywood, catchy name but nothing to back the great time and food I thought I would have. Two thumbs down.
For those of you who love Indian/Pakistani food, but hate dives, Z-Grill just may turn your whole world upside down. In all foodie honesty, Z-Grill is home to some of the best Indo-Pak food I've ever had. This praise comes with a reminder though...it is divey.  Z-Grill is located inside Zam Zam World Market, which is a decent little grocery, but it lacks the umph that other well-known ethnic groceries delivery. With that being said though, other groceries lack Z-Grill, and this is why it matters...  Everything I've tried from the restaurant, and I mean everything thus far, delivers. From the hummus, to the samosas, to the chana and even to the paneer masala and chicken karahi, I've only been disappointed when I realized that I was down to the last bite. The flavors are robust, the sauces are spicy and, surprisingly, the prices are unbelievably reasonable.  It's safe to say that I'm addicted to this place.   **A word of caution when trying Z-Grill. They are sometimes out of items on the menu. I find that charming cause they have to make everything from scratch, others might not. If they happen to be out of something, do yourself a favor and just try something else.**  I cannot say enough good things about the food from Z-Grill. This is a must-try in the valley for anyone who has a love for spicy Indo-Pak food. Go try it!
Really good quality food on par with the best Indian restaurants in this region. Simple menus and the convenience of a world food market while you wait!
Read Mr. Ks review, it's excellent, but know that mgmt seems to change here faster than their menu, which can be out of date and dysfunctional.  The food is good, but one cannot count on the same experience twice.  Once they get a track record of consistent management we can resume our delicious and torrid dining affair.   But not a moment before
AMAZING!  They have a functioning Tandoor (clay oven of Pakistani and Indian origin) which they make fresh Naan (flat bread), and I recommend highly the garlic naan with cilantro.  Mix that with a curry of your choice (the goat and chicken tikka are particularly good) and you're in as authentic a Pakistani restaurant as you're going to find in the Valley.    You are going here for the food not so much the ambiance.  Although it has a really good halaal (kosher) butcher shop and international food market attached to it, it is really authentic.  That's what makes this a diamond in the rough.    The owners know the meaning and true essence of hospitality.  Something lacking in most restaurants.  I send EVERYONE and their mom here who likes "Indian" food and has never had Pakistani food.  Which is better, and includes beef dishes.  Northern Indian cuisine is similar.  Check it out, and save the travel expenses and stamps on your passport :)
Located in the Zam Zam food market, this is a great Pakistani restaurant, for those wanting some of the flavors of India (so that it is somewhat familiar to you) but the sauces are still different and a good change of pace.  The breads here are amazing, as are the chickpeas. If you like goat, you will actually find it on the menu.  Don't be scared by the oiliness of the food, you just eat around it.  You will be surprised that you don't actually fall into immediate food coma after eating.  The mango lassi is of course a must! Ignore the fact that there is no ambiance.  You are sitting in booths in the back of an ethnic market afterall :)
Don't be afraid, just go in. great food and friendly service and be sure to try the Abali Yogurt Drink
Ohhhh when it comes to Pakistani / Indian cuisine in the Valley, Z-Grill has my heart and taste buds.  For those of you who don't do dive-y joints quit reading now and move on.  For those more adventurous you will be pleased.    Located inside Zam-Zam World Market on 40th St, North of McDowell, you can blink and miss it.  Wander in to the back past the butcher and you order at the window.  They may not have everything listed on the menu so you may have to ask or reorder. It is a small but flavorful selection, they don't skimp on the seasoning or the spice here.  Thus making it an even more euphoric experience.  I stick with the Naan and the poori for your side options...the last time i tried the rice it tasted like it was steamed in the burlap sack....unless you mixed it with the curry...But this was not enough to deter me from going back every 4 days for about a month...  Which reminds me I need to get back there soon!
If you can get past the reality that this place isn't very clean, it is solid food.  4 stars if I had not been forced to find a clean table.  Naan was legit!
About a year ago, I saw this place advertised in a paper.  Went there and it scared us off.  Fast forward today, and were very pleased.  While no atmosphere whatsoever, the food is made fresh.  My hubby loved the chana masala and I dug the chicken tandoori.  We ordered some naan and it came fresh out of their oven.  This place rivels our fave Pakistani place in San Francisco!  We'll definitely go again.
They have the most amazing chicken tikkas. It is really authentic . Love this place
Really good food and nice people. We had Afghani 'mantoo' (a dozen won ton-like dumplings in some tasty sauces ($8.99), the lamb shank (very tender) on Afghan rice ($11.99), and tasty soft plain nan ($1.49). It was a lot of food for two people, and really delicious!  Nothing fancy in terms off the setting (reason for only 4 stars), but they have great and colorful food and a decent price.
Outstanding food. We had beef shank, and goat stew. Both were fall-off the bone tender (Not an easy thing to do with goat), And both had delicious sauces. The gulpi (Cauliflower ) Was the best version of this dish I have ever had. All the staff were welcoming.  There's a buffet on Sundays which we will be back to try. For lovers of ethnic food this place is a must!!
My friends and I decided to check out this humble place after looking on yelp. The food was really delicious and the service was courteous. I highly recommend it to anybody that is looking for some good eats .
Only in town for the evening on business, I hopped on the trusty ol' Yelp app to see what the locals were saying.   My ego was fragile and my belly empty, so I skipped the Yelp Talk and went right to the "nearby" button.   Imagine my surprise when a Pakistani / Indian / Afghani place popped up a mere mile from my hotel!  This restaurant sits inside the Zam-Zam World Market, and boasts a solid lineup of dishes from three countries, all at very reasonable prices.    I could write nothing about the food here and still give it 5 stars because of the service we got here.  Our server was genuinely excited for us to be there, and happy to recommend what he believed to be great dishes to match our relative tastes (mine being super spicy, and my companions being the opposite).  I love it when I get actual recommendations, not the typical, "everything is good."    When he learned I wanted something he would traditionally eat, and also super spicy, he easily sold me on the Goat Karahi with the chili naan.  Having never tried Goat, I was super excited.  My buddy went with the kabobs per his recommendation, with one being mild, and the other with a little spice.  Great recommendations all around.  We started with the samosas $1:50 (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/z-grill-phoenix?select=9RTXS536Au1v8PfemgIXzg#tno1avQ14jhuMNrXANswow), and they were executed perfectly, with a cilantro chili sauce that had a great kick.  5 Stars  Goat Karahi $10  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/z-grill-phoenix?select=9RTXS536Au1v8PfemgIXzg#bHaip3hWpni9l_SB9pB3pw  This was basically a short rib dish with garlic, onion, and lots of spice (your cumin, turmeric, red pepper blend being very pronounced).  It was fire hot, and the meat was like a pulled pork consistency, and almost creamy.  I wish I would have ordered regular naan, because every time I went for the naan to balance out the fire, I was met with thai chili on top of naan.  Needless to say I was smoking out my ears by the time I finished.  5 Stars  The kabobs were great, and with the Tandoor oven banging out quality naan, this was a meal I easily could have eaten when I was in the region.  Fantastic service, fair prices, and great tastes.  If I'm in Phoenix again, I'm here. 5 Stars.
Read the review in Yelp! Stepped on the gas and it was worth a drive to this place for a lunch buffet. The lunch buffet is 14$, Though you don't get more varieties like indian restaurant,it is worth the money for the taste and quality of the food.  Go here just for the food and ambiance is OK. you get the best naan and best chicken dishes here. I did not get a chance to try the lamb. I have not tasted such a good Chicken tikka here. Tender, juicy , perfectly cooked and perfect mix of masala for the taste.The Naan is damn soft and you can feel the freshness of the dough.It is worth a go if you are in phoenix .
= = = = =  SUNDAY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET!  = = = = =  A while back there was a Buffet here that was so weak I didn't even bother to write a Review for it.  Well, the business changed hands & the new folks have instituted a new all-day Sunday Buffet, so I whipped over here to try it.  This is moderately spicy Pakistani food & the Buffet lives in a real dining room, as opposed to a corner of the grocery store where the former one was.  Today it was featuring about 20 food items including dishes of beef, lamb, goat and chicken.  Unfortunately, the more unusual dishes weren't labeled, so I can't name them here.  Also, it was a little pricey, but the dining room was comfortable, all of the food was good and the staff was friendly.     :-)  Sunday Buffet held 11 AM to 8 PM, $12.99 including beverages.
I have found it! A good indo/paki restaurant in Chandler.  A little hard to find just south of the Big Lots on Warner and Alma School rd.  The dinner prices are low. I mean hard to find anything over 7.99 low.  The portions seem small until you eat with naan and rice and then it really isn't.  Hands down the best naan I've had around here (because it's fresh and not overcooked)  The saag, CTM, Eggplant were all very good and spicy.  The owner is a cool dude who checks on you frequently and is a very nice person.  The decor is very bright.  For me could be a little cooler in the restaurant, but minor quibble.  Count me a fan - Will come back to try the rest of the menu.  The wife, who is a fierce critic of Indian food really enjoyed it.  Hooray for Chandler!
Sara F. what restaurant did you go to?!??!   This place is as great, lunch or dinner buffet, you name it is good. I would like to consider myself a bit of an expert on Indian food, especially buffets. I grew up eating Indian food and I love my parents for it!  I loved that they have goat and lamb! Not many Indian buffets have either of those meats, or only have them on special occasions. Not Indus Village! I have been to lunch many times and they always have the chicken curry, I always skip the chicken though, the sauce is so so YUM!  They seem to have the same main dishes and change out a few other ones. But personally I have found a place where they have dishes I love, so I hope they have the same few dishes every time I'm there!   This place doesn't disappoint!
I come from a chatty family.    With that said, my sister ALWAYS meets someone interesting when she flies -- she's so outgoing!  On her flight here to visit me, she met a man from Bangladesh that lives in Chandler.  During their discussion she told him of her love of Indian food, and he told her about this brand-new Indian & Pakistani restaurant.  This place is AMAZING.  The decor is really beautiful -- the tables have these colorful, carved wood chairs.  Very unusual, but very pretty.  We opted for the buffet -- it's nice to have variety, and it gives you a good idea of the caliber of a place -- and EVERYTHING was awesome.  One of the first things I tried was Indus chicken.  It reminds me a little of tandoori chicken -- it doesn't have any sauce -- but different.  It was incredible -- really tender, and I don't know what the seasoning was, but it was so yummy, I wanted to roll myself in it...  The chicken tikka masala, the paneer tikka masala, aloo gobi, rice, raita, okra, and chickpeas -- everything was wonderul.  Then, there is the naan.  Oh holy mother of God, the naan.  Hands down, the best I've ever had!  With that said, it was a *little* pricey -- with the buffet and drink it was about $18 (without tip).  The owner of the restaurant was so friendly -- very chatty -- loved hearing about how my sister heard about his restaurant.  Most of the people eating there were South Asian -- so you KNOW it rocks.  I don't live close to Chandler, but I will be back, AND OFTEN!  If you love Indian food, I implore you -- RUN, DON'T WALK to this restaurant!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Just remember to go hungry - it may be a little expensive, but it's SO worth it!
This is a Pakastani restaurant not an Indian one. While there is overlap between the two cuisines, it's not the same. Pakastani food involves more grilled items and is less spicy. It's food involves less sauce, cream and heat (chile).The food was good but it tastes like really well made home cooked food as opposed to restaurant quality food. In some ways it was better in that it was less greasy and tasted fresh. In other ways it was worse because the execution on the vegetarian dishes was quite poor.  My biggest peeve was that many items were not available on the menu. Many of those items were basic. like Malai Kofta, Dahl Makhani, Shahi paneer and Paneer masala. In other words, the most notable Indian dishes on the menu were not available which confirms my observations above. Not one Dahl  was available that night. The owner claimed those dishes required too much prep time and since they make things fresh, those items were not available. Funny because every other Indian restaurant makes those dishes daily and they taste fine to me. I think the real reason is he didn't have a lot of cream and they were understaffed in the kitched and couldn't prepare those dishes on the spot.    That being said, I do recommend this restaurant if you primarily go to Indian restaurants to eat Tandoori and grilled items. Indus Village seems to specialize in those dishes and I wouldn't be suprised if those dishes are some of the best in Phoenix. They really take pride in their grilled items. However this is not a vegan or vegetarian place. Yes, they have "vegan" mentioned somewhere on the menu but that is a joke. Eating vegetarian at a Pakastani restaurant is like asking for high fiber foods at a BBQ restaurant.
I first found this place in May right after we moved here, so my review is probably overdue ... it's a long, interesting story of what-did-happen. I thought I wrote one already ...  Anyway, we were in the first week of a month-long hotel stay and always looking for good desi (particularly Pakistani) food. So we walked in to check it out, not planning on staying for dinner at that point. But the owner was so friendly and welcoming we changed our minds fast.   I would recommend the buffet over the menu unless there's something specific you want - it's varied with a lot of dishes to choose from. Things I particularly liked - the chicken tikka which is not completely covered in spice so you can really taste the grill of the meat instead of gulping water frantically. You don't find that in a lot of places.   There is sometimes music on weekends - best to call ahead but it really adds to the atmosphere - very cool. The other thing I specifically wanted to mention was the lack of yogurt on the buffet. When I didn't find it (my 2nd time) I asked for some and was given a huge cereal bowl full - it was so delicious I had to eat the whole thing. It was homemade, fresh every day.  Others have covered the decor, completely authentic - very nice. The owner told us the furniture (chairs at least) came directly from Pakistan.   I've been here about 4 times now and it is always a fallback. Also, during Ramadan they offered free Iftar food every night.  This restaurant is actually the second one with the same name and management - the first is in Berkeley, CA and has been there for years. Wonderful to find it here too!  If you have the slightest interest in Pakistani / Indian cuisine, try this place - I'm pretty sure you won't be sorry!
One of the best Indian restaurants that I have been to. We went for a lunch buffet and had to loosen at least 2 notches on the belt. The chicken dishes were authentic mughlai and the vegeterian dishes were very flavorful. The kheer for desert was to die for. I would go back to Chandler, AZ to eat here again.
Husband and I decided to try something different for dinner and were looking for fresh Indian-like food and discovered a gem in the rough.  Once you get beyond the strip mall location and leave any preconceived notion of Indian/Pakistani food at the door, you will be rewarded with a fantastic culinary experience.  We opted for the dinner buffet, which gave us a great variety of some fantastic Indian-Pakistani fare.  All the chicken dishes were excellent, naan was some of the best I've had, spinach and lentils were also great.  Staff were friendly and took requests for items not  offered in the buffet.  Great value for great food.  It's a must try.
Been to this place a couple of times. I love the weekend buffet because it has a create your chaat corner and I love paani poori. The rest of the buffet is mediocre but this place would get a 5 just for my bias towards chaat..but since most of u have no clue what that is.. 4 overall !
Indus here is nice inside & has a lot of character, much of it coming from the outrageously decorated high-back chairs.  Unfortunately, the table legs are barely far enough apart to slip the chairs underneath, making it very difficult to get up & down for your food!  Also, the front blinds were pulled up at lunchtime, making it glary inside.  They have overhead lights which would have done a better job by themselves.  I was whining to myself about all this until I started biting into the food.  Ooohhh, the food!  After some tasty tea & a simple salad, I started sampling the various hot dishes.  There's plenty of meat here... chicken, beef, lamb, mutton... all of it terrific, & all of it with names too long & screwy to remember all the way back to the table.  Ok, there was Biryani, for one thing.  This was some terrific rice with an array of things in it, including meat.  Also, there was hot Naan bread, brought to the table by my lovely server, & even THAT was special!  It was just plain, except for butter, but oh what delicious dough it was made from, & it was cooked to be soft in the middle & crunchy around the edges.  I loved it... & whatever all the rest of the food was here, it was all terrific!  *  2-Stars for the too-narrow tables & the glary blinds-up lighting. *  5-Stars for the food, the service, & the price!  Lunch Buffet $7.95 including hot tea.
Let me start with the first thing in my mind: The naan was crunchy, not soft.  Did they spot the jew in me as I walked in?  Thanks but I don't need you to make a lame attempt to honor Passover for me.  Beyond that, this place is going to get another one of my typical reviews: Meh (tm).  I had my hopes up after reading the reviews, but I hit the lunch buffet yesterday and was a little disappointed.  Yeah, the decor is interesting, but who cares when you're the only one there?  The fact that it's stuck on the side of a sad shopping center with a Big Lots! and a oh-my-god-you-must-buy-our-furniture-before-we-close-which-will-never-happen furniture store doesn't really help its case.  The vegetable choices tasted bland.  The meat dishes were ok, which is why I even gave 3 stars.  I'm starting to think maybe I expect every Indian restaurant to have dishes that taste like those of my favorite place back in CA, which isn't really fair.  But even so, $31 for two lunch buffets w/ Diet Cokes?  Give me a break.  I won't be going back here.  More for you guys that like it, I guess.
I'm giving it 5 stars purely on the food I received. Yes - it was empty on a week night and service was so so but only the owner was there, yes -  the decorations are fabulous and the chairs a bit uncomfortable. No - I have no idea what style of Indian food it is or what most of the names mean on the menu, no - I haven't been there for the buffet but if it's anything remotely close to the quality I had on a week night, pay the money!  Run, don't walk to this gem in the far southwest corner of the shopping plaza. Hoping the recent facelift will help but I had no clue this place was there until I walked by.  The naan and chana masala are amazing and the lamb (boti kabobs) - sweet mercy  - it's full cuts of meat, no fat and not ground up. Sweet and spicy and cooked to perfection with wonderful chutney's on the side.  Order take out or sit on the floor if you really don't like the chairs but go and check it out...it's worth it.
Though this place is a little hard to see from the street definitely make the effort to find it! Great decor, very friendly staff, good food. The nan bread was a little too cooked but tasty overall.  I was there for the lunch menu and I was shocked to see there were not more people there. The price is typical for Indian buffet..I think 10-11 per person. My favorite was their house curry, it has been a few weeks since I have been there but have not stopped thinking about that dish!
It's been almost 5 months since I was here, & I'm happy to report that it's still good!  I was joined yesterday by Donald S., Brian C., Heather C., Audrey W., & Mike C. for the lunch buffet.  They had salad, chicken, lamb, & mutton dishes & a number of veggie selections, & we all had a great time!  It's Pakistani food, with a bit of Indian (Chicken Tikki Masala this time, for instance) thrown in.  Indus Village opens at 11:30 AM, & the Lunch Buffet is $7.95.
Had a great lunch boofay here today with fellow yelpers Brian C.,Heather C.,Donald S.,Audrey C. and Rand H. Well to start the decor is a little different but very nice and very comfy , the big fancy chairs that Rand did  not like, i did like (sorry Rand). The main dishes were all very good . They had 4 or 5 chicken dishes, lamb, mutton and about 4 or 5 veggie dishes. and only one dessert but it was good , it was the Indian style rice pudding you know the one with no cinnamon or raisons but still good . Yay I am a fan
I'm hard to please on buffets, but Indus was easily a 3.5 for me.  I had a delightful lunch with a few of the boys of boofay recently (Rand H, Donald S, and Mike C) who were gracious enough to allow Audrey W and I a guest pass.   I stuck with more familiar dishes like curry and chicken tikki masala and was not disappointed.  I even threw in a salad for good measure.  You know, to fill you up so you don't eat as much?  Didn't work unfortunately.  Everything was fresh and flavorful.  Our server was sweet as can be ensuring we had plenty of delicious naan available.  If I had brought a bigger bag I probably would have stuffed the leftovers into it.  Maybe that's why so many women are fond of handbags that really should be on wheels.  Indus is outside my 5-mile radius, but I would definitely pay it another visit if in the area.  I'm especially curious about their regular menu.
I have attempted to sample the buffet here on three separate occasions.  The first time they did not have the buffet because of Ramadan.  The next attempt the restaurant was closed for AC issues.  Today I visited and there was no one to greet us and no buffet in site.  My coworkers now refer to this as the imaginary buffet.  It's great if you are on a diet.  The food I tried the first visit was pretty tasty, although their tandoor oven was out of order so they could not provide the naan we ordered.  Maybe they should have spent less on the chairs....
I really really enjoyed this place and boyfriend and I got a huge amazing meal for $20 all together. Can't beat that!  The greatness: Their garlic naan is amazing and so so so much garlic. I was in heaven. The chicken tikaa masala was wonderful. The lunch special -- $4.99 (can you believe that, $4.99!) got a sizeable entree, rice, a small salad, two dipping sauces, and some chickpea something or other.   Just looked on their online menu and definitely didn't see all the stuff they have advertised there, but they had lots of varied entrees and great stuff all around.   The chairs? I love the chairs! So fun!
I like this place. I struggled between giving them a 3 or 4, but I think they deserve a 4.  naan is good - 5 tandoori chicken - 5 kabobs and stuff -3 qorma/tikkas - 4 Service - 4  Its good food. Not too spicy, the naan is fresh. The one thing to look out for with Indian food places is not the spicy stuff that will kick you while you are eating it, but the stuff with tons of garam masala that will make you feel remorseful after you ate the buffet. I think this place stays well clear of that line for their own benefit.  I'm really not feeling the decorations, the place is a little cramped due to the chairs and tables.  Desserts, I don't know, I didn't really fall for them. I'm a picky Indian, and I only eat a few desserts which Indus chooses not to have.  good place for indo/pak food.
I looove this place!  Thank God it just around the corner from my house.  Their menu is small but everything on it is delicious.  The Chicken Tikka Masala sauce is delicious - I could just drink it by itself... mmmm...  the aloo baingan (excuse the spelling) is awesome!!!    The prices are also amazing... dinner meals starting at 6.99 (entree, basmati rice, naan and dal...mmmm).
= = = = = = CLOSED = = = = = =  *  The bad news:  The folks here have closed this place & moved their business over to California.  *  The good news:  Copper Kettle (Buffet) has moved in here!  The food is similar to what it was before (Pakistani), & it's good!     :-))
If you like Indian / Pakistani food, you need to eat here. They just opened up in January 2010 and are related to the Shalimar's in the SF Bay Area.  The Shalimar's in the Bay Area all have 300+ reviews and are really good. http://www.yelp.com/biz/shalimar-san-francisco  Chicken Leg / Chicken Breast are great - 5/5  Kabli Channa ( chickpeas in a curry) are amazing - 5/5 Chicken Kofta ( Chicken Meatballs are really good) - 5/5 It is pretty hard not to go wrong.
Okay, this restaurant is next to the salon I work at, and i have to say I was hesitant to go in because of the way it looks. It's not dirty at all, but it's very plain...from what I've been told they just opened this place earlier this year.   Had the food and it was pretty darn good! I ordered the Kabli Channa, Chicken Tikka Masala and the Naan bread. Yum. Yum. Yum. The prices are TOTALLY affordable. LOVES!
I'm giving this place five stars for the food!  This is truly excellent Pakistani cuisine.  And the prices are great (for example, several $5.95 veg entrees).  Our party of four ordered chicken tikka masala that was spicy and had a thick gravy - we cleaned that up!  The dal masala was differently made than we've ever had in that the lentils were whole instead of pureed.  It made a very nice texture, plus the flavor was gooood!   We also ordered eggplant and a mixed veg dish - both had hearty chunks of vegetable and were nicely spiced.  Oh and the garlic naan was so hard to stop eating!   I think this is a family owned place, but we didn't feel too much love from anyone..  the decor of the place is really simple and drab too (but clean).  But if you just close your eyes and concentrate on the food, I think you'll be in masala heaven!  :)
Going to have to buck the Yelp trend a bit here and rate this one 2.5 stars overall.  Others have commented about the lack of ambiance here and I'll have to agree. The restaurant is very plain and we went our tablecloth was a bit dirty and there was a vaguely unpleasant smell in the air. The smell was probably just an unfortunate combination of spices and foods from the kitchen, but this could really do with being closed off from the serving area, not only to prevent a medley of odors, but so the diner isn't deafened by clattering of pots and pans and so on.  I ordered Chicken Tikka Masala, garlic naan, pappadums, the basmati rice, and water for my beverage.  Instead of the usual Indian restaurant theme of refreshingly iced water topped up the second I sip from my glass, I was surprised to be presented with a single bottle of Kroger water which I had to sip sparingly lest I have to shell out another dollar for another.  The pappadums were OK, but unremarkable, not unlike the pre-made ones you get from Indian grocers and then stick in the microwave for 45 seconds. Instead of the usual bowls of mint or cilantro chutney and tamarind chutney these came accompanied by a couple of roadhouse diner style squeeze bottles filled with some sort of condiments. Both were extremely runny, almost a water consistency, one seemed to taste vaguely of tamarind and I couldn't identify the other.  My Garlic naan was the highlight of my meal and had that certain mix of denseness and crispness that's the hallmark of a good garlic naan.  The rice was pretty good also, cooked with saffron and ghee and very plentiful for just a couple of bucks.  The main meal, my Chicken Tikka Masala was just ok - the chicken was of good quality and well cooked, but the sauce lacked a certain deft touch and was a little aggressive as the spices didn't all blend together quite how I like. I'd be very happy if I had cooked this up myself at home, but it's a notch below what I expect at a restaurant.  The people running this place were very friendly, but it was a rather odd experience. At around 8PM we were the only people in the restaurant and it was a little strange and awkward having the guy sitting there in the tiny restaurant 15 feet from us while we ate.   One thing in Shalimar's favour is the prices - they are very decent. We didn't hold back on breads and rice and things and our entire meal for two (including bottled water) came to just over $25.  This is the sort of place I could imagine myself coming to regularly for a cheap lunch if I worked in the area and was limited in where I could travel on my lunch break. The food is good enough and cheap enough to eat again. For a dinner out; however, the atmosphere here is little above that of a food court and the food is only a few points above mediocre.   Worth a look for the price, but go in with low expectations.
This was probably the worse experience I have ever had at a Pakistani/Indian restaurant. There was one person there running the front. He didn't speak English. We were lost for about an hour and I had to call him three or more times because I just did not understand a word he said. I only picked up 'food maxx' and went to two different ones until I found it.  Ordering was not any easier. We just werent able to communicate properly. The food wasn't bad but defiantly could have been better. There was no complementary chutney, tea or anything. we asked for some, it was brought to us and then when receiving the reciept we realized we were charged for literally everything. The guy even miscounted the tea and charged us more than we had. We had asked for some water. The guy told us to get it ourselves. My sister told him, he's the waiter, he's supposed to bring us water. He laughed and went inside and brought us water. The guy gave us a hard time with everything we asked for until we just got up and got it ourselves with things such as napkins. They even had items on their menu that they didn't have.It was just a bad experience all together. Definitely don't recommend it to anyone.
On a stop over for the night in Vegas I wanted some REAL food (we cant stand the strip) So thanks to yelp we found this place. It was just like our local Indian place we frequent at home. Small and not fancy but the food was WONDERFUL! some of the best we have had. If you are in Vegas and want some great Indian home cooking this is the place!
One word. REHEATED FOOD.   Oh thats 2 words.
I give this place 3.5 stars. The food was pretty tasty, so it is very difficult for me to take off stars, but  the ambiance and the water issue was large enough for me to take off the stars. Let me explain: Upon entering this establishment at lunch time, there was no one there, except for a middle-aged couple (I guess the owners?) who didn't greeted us haphazardly and had us sit whenever we wanted; The ambiance gets about 1.5 stars at most (and this is due to the nice burgundy table cloths, otherwise there will be no stars). The place looked clean enough, but not appealing. The artwork was of posters in super faded colors, and looked as though it was purchased from Saver's. Did not visit the restrooms, but imagine they were just as boring and unassuming.   Once we were seated, we were given laminated green menus that looked very cheap and unattractive. Tables are covered in plastic over the tablecloth, which skims the knees and looked a little dirty. Again, very unappealing. There is a cash register on a very medicinal looking counter and a coca-cola cooler next to the check out counter--very unappealing once again.  We were brought Kroger bottled water upon requesting "water with lemon." My friend did say not to expect lemon, but I did expect nice, refreshing water in an average glass with ice, instead I got Kroger bottle water ($1 each). My friend asked: "Can we please have free water?" at which point the server/owner brought a pitcher and two styrofoam cups for us. Upon taking a swig of water, I almost threw up. It was THAT bad. The water tasted like it came out of the sink of dirty dish water, literally. I think the previous yelper who commented about Shalimar possibly having plumbing issues was onto something. I called the server/owner over and told him that this water was undrinkable, at which point he exclaimed "the water is bad here, I told you it's no good here." Take it how you may...  I am glad that I waited for the food, although I was very close to walk out judged by this water incident and by the decor. The food was good. My eggplant dish was delicious and so was onion naan. My friends' lamb dish tasted a little reheated, but tender at the same time, she liked it, but I didn't really care too much for it. Lamb is best eaten freshly cooked. The rice had a variety of colors and was a little too oily, also tasted reheated, but not bad. Bottled water was as you would expect  :) .  Service was very good, as expected since we were the only people there. The owners/servers were very friendly and very helpful with my food allergy concerns and ingredient questions. Especially the female owner. The male owner was a little grouchy at times. We continued on being the only people there for the entire visit. The owners did remark that they are very busy at night, which I had a little hard time believing, but good for them. I love mom/pop places having success in their endeavors.  Prices are good here, especially for vegetarian and vegan dishes. I found out that many vegetarian dishes are, in fact, vegan which is rare in Indian cuisine. As the owner explained, they are Pakistani and use much less dairy than the Indian cuisine. Kudos for that.  Bottom Line: I will go to Shalimar again in the future if I'm craving Pakistani food. I will order vegetable dishes and naan only and drink the $1 bottled water. I will stay away from lamb/meat dishes and rice.  I will smile and converse with the owners, but I will not like the decor or the water problems. Too bad I couldn't rate this higher, but this water issue and the decor, plus reheated lamb taste prevented me from doing so.
I searched all over Vegas for a very good Indian Restaurant. Finally i found this place. The Best Biriyani is Las Vegas.  Best Indian Curries in Las Vegas. Best Indian Bread in Las Vegas.  Cons: Poor Service. Unfortunately Server's don't Speak Good English.  Typical Indian/Pakistani social behavior. (More Casual). Westerners may find it uneasy. Owner will feel more comfortable if you know Hindi :-)
Amazing Pakistani food. Best chicken kabob i have ever eaten in my life! be careful its spicy.
Really enjoy the spice, value and portion here. Self-serve chai is always a plus. Have eaten there twice now, and the same dishes were consistent and it is refreshing to see reasonably priced a-la-carte naan ($1.50) and rice ($2.95 for a very big mound on an oblong plate - enough for 2 persons.) Sidenote: Pet peeve is when restaurants 'getcha' on the sides that you depend on, like rice, miso soup, etc. Some of the worst offenders in my experience have been China Grill at Mandalay Bay ($7 bowl of white rice), Gaylord India at Rio ($7 plate of white rice), Nobu Matsuhisa locations ($5 for small cup of miso soup), Olive Garden ($4 for a side of marinara sauce to go with your free breadsticks). Most of these 'getchas' show up on your bill by surprise.  Back to the curry at hand: Shalimar serves up quality, cheap and generous vegetarian curries (the eggplant masala and mili juli(sp?) mixed vegetable curry and yellow dal are all top tier) and the Chicken Tikka Masala is excellent as well. We ordered everything "medium-hot" and it came out spicy but not stupid spicy. Spice is dialed in with experienced hands in the kitchen over at Shalimar. No flavors were ruined with too much spice here. And the flavors are complex and different in every dish. This is important because sometimes I swear that when we are at an unfamiliar Indian restaurant and we order 4 different dishes, they use the exact same curry base in 3 of them, hoping we don't notice. Not the case here. Shalimar makes each dish with singular care.  Food is basically 5-stars in my book, but the lack of ambiance (i.e. fluorescent lights) brings it down a star. Certainly not a first (or second) date kind of place. Instead you will see husbands and wives, families and groups of friends.  We're going to sit in view of the kitchen next time so we can see the behind-the-scenes. I really like eating here. It's a nice flavor change-up from our other favorite Indian spots such as Mint Indian Bistro, Namast, Rani's World Foods Thali counter, and the Indian counter at the Riviera Food Court.   Warm-up note: both times we've had enough left over for lunch for two the next day. Upon opening the to-go box out of the fridge, the curry has a healthy viscosity without any sign of ghee-ponding or crusting. Less ghee = less butter = OK to eat when craving
Very good quality food, made fresh to order and extremely affordable.    Rather small inside, but personal and laid back.    The garlic naan and mango lessi were extremely good, and we really enjoyed the Biryani, Chicken Tikka Masala, and Bangab Bharta (eggplant).      In the corner of a strip mall, so it is a little hard to find, but definitely worth the effort for authentic food at great prices.
Place is little old may be thats the reason most people get negative feelings before they try the food. Only thing me and my family care about the quality and most vegas indian restaurant dont have modern decorations. They all look indian to me.. But this place as much as i want to give them 4star, taste of their food change my mind to 5. Love their Goat (mutton) Biriani and Lamb vidaloo. I know even you turn on the air condition in vegas, most places still hot inside and this place has the same problem. we always try this place.
Dined on July 3rd, 2012  + Delicious made-to-order food + Dirt cheap, as compared to other Indian restaurants in the area + Clean restrooms + Spacious dining tables. You will be glad when you have ordered multiple items + The host was fluent in English  - Service is slow, probably because the food is cooked to order - The place is HOT! I do not know why the AC was not working  We dined here on a sweltering Vegas evening. The place was hot but was offset with good quality food, easy on spices and oil. I found the food to be under-salted but that is any day better than being served over-salted food.   We ordered the following: - Chicken Curry - Best of the lot. Enough for two people - Malai Kofta - Easy on the cream and very delicious. Enough for two people - Goat Biriyani - Low on oil, wish it had a little more salt to begin with - Naan - Soft and delicious - Rotis - Give it a miss...was almost as crunchy as a poppadom  They ran out of ice and we had to wait, while the owner had to rush out to get the ice. By the time he came back, we had paid and were about to leave. He explained the situation and apologized for the delay and thanked us for visiting Shalimar. Nice guy.
Solid not spectacular.
Not gonna lie, I was hoping for a good meal here, and I feel bad putting them down because they made everything to order, but it was mostly bland, oily, and nothing special.
The food here is amazing and very authentic and reminds me of the food my aunties made for me growing up.  To me, it is hands down the best Pakistani/Indian/South Asian food in town.  However, I do have to agree with other reviewers about the interior, but I always get carry out and enjoy all of their delicious dishes in the comfort of my home.
For authenticity, flavor, & value this place can't be beat. The atmosphere is very plain but if you want to treat your taste buds, eat here. Very sparse on ambiance but the food is worth it.
Oh man, the interior of this place needs a Gordon Ramsay make over.  It kind of looks more like an office rather than restaurant.  I ordered take out, and the food was surprisingly delicious.  Bhuna gosht and Daal masala were great with the garlic naan.  The basmati rice (ordered seperately) was also very flavorful.  If anything, the lamb was slightly overpriced for the portion.  This place needs more customers!! Gotta try it!
Average Indian food. I've had a lot of Indian food and this is probably one of my weakest experiences ever.  This place is in a little strip mall in the Food 4 Less shopping center. The service was below average at best and I had to call a guy over a couple of times just to order and for the check. Other than that and the delivery of my order these guys never came back. They were out of chicken breast. I ordered the Korma which was decent but two legs with hardly any meat - it might as well have been a vegetarian dish.  Also, the prices are not that great. As I'm not from Vegas maybe this is inexpensive compared to others. $9.99 for dish, $3 for rice, $2.50 for garlic naan, $1 for bottle of water (not explained that it was additional charge - I just ordered water).   Upon leaving the host didn't even look up as i walked out. I visit Vegas frequently but can say that Shalimar will not be on a planned stop in the future.  There are many other good options.
There are 2 things I look for here in Vegas,  1- I'm always on the look out for restaurants that are NOT attached to a casino. And 2nd- the quality of the food (which believe it or not - is very hard to find in Las Vegas).  I've had so many bad meals at restaurants here.   I found this place the other day and it was so nice to have some real good ethnic food.   I will definitely be back as there is a whole menu of items to try!
Food was ok but service was not. Had to wait almost 10 minutes for someone to come take our order, even thou d restaurant was empty, only my family and one other couple in d restaurant. Once food was ordered, it took 30 mins for dinner and no one since came to check on us. They definitely need customer service update.
Food was amazing! They spiced everything perfectly and looooved their garlic naan. The wait staff was fast and friendly and gave us some good menu recommendations. If you want a good place that is not a tourist trap and is off the strip, this is the place to try. The only reason they did not get five stars is because the inital scent was a little unpleasant. It won't stop me from returning, but it does not give a good impression to future customers
I love Indian food and was looking for it in Vegas. A friend suggested me of this wonderful place. I loved the atmosphere there. Nice and clean place especially the kitchen. The staff was so lovely and helpful. My friends and I ordered chicken breast, chicken biryani, chicken tikka masala and okra. We got our food exactly after 15 minutes.  The best Indian food I ever ate in Vegas. The price was reasonable. I highly recommend going there if you want to have a real authentic Indian food .
I couldn't tell if it's spices or bathroom smells (or both!), but they could use some better ventilation here. The restaurant is small and unassuming; decor/atmosphere simple and functional.  Had the Chicken Tikka Masala and Goat Karahi, with rice of course. The goat was overly tough by my standards, but the sauce was alright. The spices were clearly visible and had nice chunks of ginger in it. The Chicken Tikka Masala felt fairly standard, with the chicken being on the dry side.  Bottom line: Not the greatest, but works in a jiff if you're super hungry. Oh, if you order water, they'll give you bottled water. Specify if you want (free) iced water.
Food not spicy at all, horrible slow service, did not feel welcome at all, rude employee! overpriced, overall an experience no one should ever have!!
My Indian friend insisted on taking me and our mutual friend here for some "authentic" Indian food for dinner one night.    He ordered everything for us: goat biryani, goat karahi, chicken tikka masala, naan, and mango lassi (x3).  I personally do not enjoy eating goat because I find it to be too tough and at times "gamey" so I wasn't looking forward to our meal!  Luckily, I was pleasantly surprised by the goat karahi- it was tender and pretty tasty!  The chicken, however, was dry, tough, and the sauce was gritty.  The biryani was just alright.    This place is bone-in, if that matters to you.  Sometimes I prefer places without because I just hate biting down on gristle or little pieces of bone, but I know the bones add more flavor.  Also, the naan was just eh.  I love a good fluffly naan, but this one was hard on one side and not so fluffy (not a great description, but what counts is that it wasn't the same).  This place is okay, but I don't think I'll go out of my way to visit again.  Maybe I can't handle "authentic" Indian food haha.  I'm still searching for the "perfect" Indian restaurant in Las Vegas!
I keep trying to convince myself that this place is appealing, because sometimes the food is great. But the current environs are grimy, crusty, and damn it - the bathroom is kind of gross. Just not a good dining experience. Get your food to go if you choose to eat it. The energy in this place is depressing, and the contractor-grade fluorescent lights only accentuate the details at night.  Some dishes are excellent still: Eggplant Masala, Mili Juli, Mixed Vegetable Curry, Yellow Dal, Chicken Tikka Masala.
If you want authentic and not over the priced Pakistani cuisine, this place is one of the best in Las Vegas.   I lived in Islamabad, Pakistan for  8 years and my dad is Pakistani.  We love to come her for some home made Pakistani food.   They have come a long way with the decor and are a family business.  The son sometimes works the cash register, mom helps cook in the back, and the dad helps manages & serves.   Other places can say they are a Middle Eastern restaurant, but this place really takes you there at an affordable price.
I love indian food, they have really good Chicken tandoori, there service is nice. There food is amazing I love going there, there prices are really reasonable. I love going there because there prices are a lot better than other indian restaurants.
I don't know what the other negative reviews are talking about. This place is AWESOME!!! The food is delicious and the employees are the best! I try to come at least once a week.   Try the Murghi Korma Shahi, Chicken Biryani and Naan. It's the best!!!  Followed up with some Masala Tea to cap it off  MMMMMM nothing better in Vegas.  The prices are very reasonable. I can't wait to go back for more.
The food was terrible slow timing.Bad waitress also. This was the exact timing [2:43 coming time 4:57 leaving  time .
Note: this is my cultural cuisine.   The food here is definitely the best and most authentic Pakistani food in Vegas and infact defiantly one of the best I have had in the US and I have been to all in Socal, DC, northern virginia, Houston etc.   Now the ambience is bad, it's a run down hole in the wall and can be construed as very depressing. It's irrelevant to me because I'm here for the food.   So the 5 star rating is for the food. Their chicken tikka is amazing!   Self serve chai is always a plus!
Just one word: Amazing. I went there for dinner and the food was delicious. big portion and price very reasonable. I will definitely plan to come back there for my next trip to vegas.
Best desi food in Las Vegas I'm from California and we have a lot Pakistan restaurant's ,but this is by far the best food I've ever had.
This place is DELICIOUS and the staff make you feel like family! The garlic naan is sooo yummy :-)
If you're vegetarian this place is not for you.   The food sucks.  I can make better veg byrani and paneer tikka masala at home.   I gave one star for naan roti.  Least they got that correct. I would not come here again.   I was expecting good food similar to Shalimar in northern California.
Let's face it, Pakistani and Indian people are not the cleanest of cultures. I don't mean to be unkind but it is the truth. Typically they do not keep their restaurants clean. I would like to know if this is the same owner as the Shalimar that used to be on Paradise Rd. next to Ruth's Chris Steak House? That Shalimar location closed many years ago and was absolutely the best.   I HAVE NEVER EATEN HERE
If you are looking for good Indian food in Vegas that is not pretentious, this is definitely a great bet.  The chicken tikka and nan are fantastic.  I haven't had a chance to try anything else yet but I will definitely be coming back and will update my review.
I fell in love with this place from the first bite of food. I do not eat meat and they have a wide variety of veggie dishes. Everything tasted fresh and amazing!  The naan was soft, warm and freshly made.  The rice tasted so similar to the Persian rice I am used to so I devoured that LARGE and do I mean LARGE serving they prepare for you.  Ordering over the phone for pickup is a little difficult because of the language barrier, but it is well worth the food.  I have never sat down to eat so I do not know about waiter service. The place seemed clean, and they have a tV to watch when you are patiently waiting for your order to be ready!
Very tasty food is served at this hole-on-the-wall. If you like spicy they'll make it spicy!  My pain-in-the-arse, whiter-than-white friend ordered a dish and when it came she didn't like the look of it. The servers here took it back and made her something custom!  No charge for the returned dish.   My chicken tikka masala was just right and I love the rice they serve.  The garlic nan is so huge 1 order is good for 2 people.   Unlimited self-serve chai!!!! Yum.   Great prices, authentic food, casual place off the strip.
Great food, great service..
Saw this newly opened up take out food joint when I went to eat at Mucho Taco. Inside is really very basic, telling me that the bangladeshi owner of I-Mart didn't spend too much time on trying to impress any customers.  Was greeted by a Mexican person who took my order (he was unsure as to what exactly the offerings were) which caused me to be a bit disconcerted about the whole operation.  He then vanished for a good 15 mins leaving the whole shop empty (still not a good sign I was thinking to myself). Finally the I-mart owner comes in and asks me whether I had ordered; which I confirmed that I had. 5 mins later my Sheik Kabab comes out all freshly grilled.  At the end of it the food was well worth the wait. I also liked the bengali "lonka" in the salad.  The ambiance is pretty basic with just a few metal chairs to sit down and wait, for your take out. The place is draped with "Saris" converted into curtains and the AC does not work well.  I took a few pics of the entrance and the food offerings pasted on the walls. Note they also provide samosa etc which are actually stored in the i-Mart store (read not fresh). Though there was a listing for Singara(What!?? that is the bengali equivalent of a samosa... may they use the bengali spiced filling)
This place has some really good halal food. The spelling of "deshi" is incorrect as it should be "desi" i think but who cares. It's not my restaurant right.  So the best thing to do is order your food beforehand. Give them a good 40 minutes before you go pick it up as they make things from scratch. The food has tasted slightly different both times that we ordered, exactly the same things but nevertheless it tasted wonderful. The naan was great the first time but not the next time. I tihnk it makes a difference as to who is preparing your food. The first time when all things were excellent, the lady owner was the one in the kitchen. The second time it was her husband in the kitchen. They offer the regular grill items with either the naan option or rice option or just plain. We had Sheekh Kebab and also Bihari Kebab. They also carry Tandoori Chicken Kebabs etc. They do not have a sign up on top of their store to indicate that there is a restaurant there but they are in the same shopping center as I-Mart and are owned by I-Mart as well. This restaurant is specifically located between the thai restaurant and the mexican restaurant.   Also, this is a pick up only type of place so you will not be able to sit down and have a meal.
I haven't returned here in a while, mostly because the place seems empty all the time, and a lot of complaints seem to be about service lacking and the quality of food having gone downhill. It's a shame, because when we tried this place shortly after they opened, it was pretty good. I may try it again sometime in the future, but it's not high on my list of food things to do...  --  As a side note to Groupon? Don't link to my damned reviews and quote me without my permission. Just because it's posted on Yelp, doesn't give you free reign to copy and paste my words elsewhere.
We went on a Friday night around 6pm. There were no other patrons there, but decided to give it a try based on a recommendation. The service was friendly.  Ordered two dishes. Took awhile to get out, but they tasted pretty good.
It's never a good sign when you drive up to a business and the parking lot is empty. To be fair, it was 5:30 p.m. on Super Bowl Sunday, but still, this is an Indian/Pakistani restaurant, so you'd think the typical crowd might be more World Cup and less Big Game.  It's an even worse sign when you see vinyl lettering on the window of an Indian restaurant that reads "Salon de Fiestas." And sure enough, walking into Saffron for the first time, it doesn't feel at all like a cozy Indian restaurant. It feels like a banquet room. Only two booths, the rest of the expansive room filled with round-top banquet tables, chairs covered in plastic, a little stage in the corner. And COMPLETELY EMPTY.  An Indian restaurant should smell like, I dunno, Indian food when you walk in. This place didn't. It smelled like ... an old folks' home. Or something. Something not right. And it was dead quiet in there. Not even a TV or radio on.  There was one person visibly working in the entire place, a middle-aged woman who was helpful enough but not very friendly. You think she'd be thrilled to see even one person, let alone a couple, walk in. Not so. She kind of just gestured toward whatever table we wanted, dropped off menus, and disappeared. Didn't ask us for drinks or anything.  The menu was typical Indian fare, and prices were about average. We ordered some of our favorites -- veggie samosas, pakora, chicken tikka masala, aloo gobi, as well as some rice and two kinds of naan. At the same time, the host/server/whatever finally took our drink orders. Sadly, this joint doesn't serve alcohol. I hate it when I can't order a good Indian beer with my meal.  It took a long time to get even our drinks (water and iced tea) out, which came with the appetizers. The samosas were OK. The pakora was weird. I'm used to pakora being similar to tempeh -- just vegetables dipped in batter and fried. These were more like spongy batter balls with diced veggies inside. Maybe they're more "authentic," I don't know, but they sucked.  The entrees were solid. Nothing to write home (or, um, on Yelp) about, kind of weak-flavored, but decent. The naan was good enough.   We had a Restaurant.com gift certificate to use, and when the lady first looked at it, she said, "That's not us." She said this because their logo didn't print, and she thought the "missing image" graphic was someone else's logo. I had to point out to her the NAME AND ADDRESS AND PHONE of her own business. She did eventually take the discount off our bill.  Interestingly, at some point, a man and his child walked in during our meal, heartily greeted us, and I assume he is the owner or manager at least, which leads me to believe our host/server might have been his wife. Maybe she was grumpy that she had to work by herself while he was watching the Big Game or something. Had he been there when we first arrived, we might have felt better. But either way, we're never going back here, which is a shame, because it is literally walking distance from our house.
There's another review here which describes Saffron's interior as being more like a banquet hall than an Indian restaurant and I have to concur completely. When we arrived at around 8PM on a Saturday the large rectangular building was empty with the exception of two other pairs of customers at the round tables in the main part of the room. Down one side there are four half-booths, although only two of these appear to be available for customers, with one having a computer set up upon it and the other, outfitted with a pair of mismatched, padded office chairs appears to be used as a hangout for the proprietor's children when they aren't helping out with the restaurant.  After being instructed by a small child to "just sit anywhere" we took one of the open booths and another child brought us our menus. The covers looked slightly grubby, like they could have used a wipe down and I noticed a large stain on the side of the booth next door to ours - it looked like someone had spilled a large glass of coke over the side of the table at one point and that it had been allowed to set before washing. Chairs and tables were covered with plastic to ward off such spillages and the plastic on top of our table felt like it could have been a little cleaner also, as could the salt and pepper shakers which felt a little grimy when we moved them.  The restaurant is a bit odd and has a little raised section in the corner opposite the door and the 1970s disco ball in the middle of the room. The disco ball was just a mystery and I expected to see the four children from The Chronicles of Narnia file in and take their places in the four throne-like armchairs upon the curious dais at any moment. It was an unusual atmosphere.  After a few minutes our host arrived with a jug of room temperature water with shrink wrap covering the top. He had collected this from one of the central tables which was home to a collection of such jugs. He seemed very friendly, however, and quickly accepted our restaurant.com certificate and enthusiastically took our order. In order to meet the $35 requirement we ordered Chicken Tikka Masala, Malai Kofta, Shahi Paneer, and a selection of Naan (two garlic, one sesame).  Our host then presented us with some pappadums and the usual chutneys of tamarind and mint. The mint chutney had a nice kick to it and although the tamarind had an uncharacteristically odd "ketchupy taste" it mellowed into a pleasant aftertaste so it all worked out. We were cheerfully informed that we could ask for more pappadums if we liked and as the host departed I commented to my wife about how the friendliness and enthusiasm was enough to make me overlook some of the oddities of the place in my upcoming Yelp review.  Despite the fact that there were very few others in the restaurant we didn't see any staff again for the forty or so minutes it took for our food to arrive. I wasn't bothered at all by the longer than average wait time and the food more than made up for it anyway. My Chicken Tikka Masala was a little milder than I am used to, however the very nutty and savoury Shahi Paneer was a perfect accompaniment. I found my garlic naan to be tasty without being amazing, but my wife found her sesame naan to be a little overcooked on the bottom. The Malai Kofta was somewhat different to other incarnations of this dish that I've experienced. The sauce tasted more like a onion/butter sauce than creamy, but was tasty, however the kofta themselves were dark, somewhat sharp in flavour and fell to pieces at the merest touch of an eating utensil. Overall though, the food was excellent and we couldn't wait to return and I expected to award the restaurant four stars with a disclaimer about the slightly odd vibe to the place and maybe a friendly suggestion that they wipe up a bit in my review.  This is where things took a turn for the worse. A medium sized party had entered the restaurant and placed their orders just as I was enjoying the last bites of sauce-dipped naan and they also appeared to have a couple of take-out customers. Our host asked me how everything was to our enthusiastic responses and disappeared into the kitchen.  I got my credit card out and politely sat at the table waiting to deal with my bill. Twenty minutes later we were still waiting. Ten minutes later I asked a child if they could ask someone to help us with our bill. Twenty minutes passed and a surly woman came out, but it was to deal with a takeout customer. The child still clutched our bill and restaurant.com certificate. Finally, after about an hour of waiting we were finally dealt with and could get out of there, lamenting that we could have driven across town to our home TWICE in the time we waited to pay for our meal.  The food here is great, but being made to wait a full hour (no exaggeration) to pay, including 30 minutes after you TELL THEM you want to pay is just unacceptable, especially when there were at least three adult staff members and custom was slow.
I was here on a thursday evening and there were no other customers. The place smelled kind of funny too and it wasn't the smell of spices either. It's a large place but there were no servers; there was just the husband and wife (I think). The food itself was ok but the main dishes didn't come with rice or naan. We had to order the naan separately and it wasn't fresh at all. As a restaurent I think it's best to avoid but might work for being a takeout place.
We've eaten here a few times (private parties, etc) and the food is overall ok. I really like the Nehari. It tastes like it should, not bland, etc. Roti/naan is fresh but sometimes it feels like they don't use enough dough. It's like paper thin in the middle and like paper. Chole are also good as well as the kheer.   The ambience of the restaurant is great. Nice setting, etc.   Not a bad place to eat. You won't be blown away by the taste of the food but you won't be disappointed either.
As of 12th September this establishment is closed for good.  Update September 27th.  Received a message from someone who runs saffron & they are saying its still open & asking me to  make sure my information is correct before I put it out for public.  The date that I mentioned above was the day we went to saffron during lunch time & found no cars parked in the parking area & the doors locked with a chain & a lock without any sign stating whether they are still in business or will be back or not. Hence my review of the place.   Either way it seems like they are still open. I will not change my rating because of the fact that we drove away from the strip hoping to have lunch here & found it closed without any sign saying they will reopen or what so ever.   Saffron we really wanted to give you a try in our 5 days stay in Vegas. But maybe next time.
I had a groupon sat down to order looked at how dirty the menus are, the owner watching a big OLD tv in the dinning room, Nobody in the place, looked kinda like they didnt have the money to maintain the place...Told my wife and Kids LETS GO!!!! If the dinning area looks this bad I can only guess what the kitchen looks like. NO THXs sorry but if you want customers you need to work on your place and put the Guy with the TV in the back out of site...... P.S the food might be good, I just ran for my life before i tried it...
Love Indian food, but I'm fairly new to Pakistani so I decided to mix it up and order both at saffron. Appetizers were excellent, got the samosas which were cheap and unique as well as a kebob which was definitely Pakistani. The garlic naan had lots of garlic, which is what you're looking for in garlic naan. Dinner was the perfect amount of spice and they didn't skimp on the mango lasso or the rice. The owner was very proud of his desserts and he should be. An excellent mixture of tame and sweet cooled the pallet after a spicy meal. The kulfi was a bit like graham cracker ice-cream and the other dessert, can't remember the name but it was two cheese balls soaked in sweetened condensed milk (sounds wierd) tasted like a lime bread pudding.  All in all, the food was above average. Meat was high quality, and everything had the right amount of spice. The reason I'm compelled to write this review is the service. Absolutely incredible. The owner took the time to interact with every customer. Really nice guy. Well be back for sure.
So upset! After buying a groupon we decided to finally give this place a try. Even after reading the reviews I took a leap of faith on this place. First off we drove 20 mins to get here to be ignored at the door when we entered that WE had to ask after standing there for 5 mins if we should just seat ourselves. An unpleasant lady said sit anywhere and tossed some menus on the table. Without an " I'll be right with you". We waited 15 mins without someone even bringing water to our table!! We got up and left. Now I know why I stick to my five favorite restaurants.  If you want good Indian go to taj palace. That's where we're driving now where we know we'll get awesome food and great service.
Worst place to be !!!!!!!!!!!  Single star  because it does not allow me post the review with out any  stars.  This place  totally sucks.   As usual common thing about the previous reviews is " The place was empty and we were told to sit where ever you like " ( You will have a feeling of private dining in a restaurant I guess lol ). We initially order appetizers. It took some time and it was served but with out any dippings I mean at least the mint sauce or the ketchup ( Like the other Indian restaurants serve).  We had ordered Chicken Biryani. It was stale and  and you could hardly find any chicken in it. We also ordered garlic naan  with Mixed tandoori combo. The mixed tandoori combo was ok but the meat was quite dry. Garlic naan was horrible. It was plain naan with some crushed garlic over it.  All in all it was a horrible dining experience.
The waitress was the daughter of the owner. Probably about twelve at most. Did an ok job I guess. But very unprofessional as she was in a sweatshirt. None of the tables we sat at were balanced and kept tilting. The food itself was barely decent. Tolerable but nothing to write home about. My friend went to the restroom and we almost left based off that so as you can guess not good. Many cleaner better food Indian restos here in Vegas.
I don't even know where to start. Maybe with the stained tablecloth? Or maybe with the decorations held up by masking tape? Oh, I know! How about the fact that we had to wait half an hour for our entrees! This place looks gross, inside and out, and the food I had was really superlatively awful. I love Indian food because it is so flavorful, and this completely failed to live up to expectations. I had the Samosas, which weren't TOO awful, and the Palak Paneer, which literally had almost no flavor at all. To add insult to injury everything was cold, we didn't get any rice (I guess you're supposed to buy it separately? Would have been nice to know...) and service took FOREVER which is totally understandable since there was ONE other table in the entire place. The only reason we went to this place was because we mistakenly bought a groupon that we thought was for the other Saffron that is closer to us, but if I had known what it was going to be like I would have just kissed the money for the groupon goodbye and NOT BOTHERED.
I wish we had listened to the negative reviews. In fact -- they were GENEROUS.  We were initially seated by a young child. No. Wait. We picked our own table. We selected the one booth with the fewest stains on the table cloth. She brought us our beverages with one ice cube each. Yup. ONE. They say they offer Coke products, but it tasted like Diet Rite out of a 2-liter that had been opened first thing in the day.  15 minutes later, she finally swung back around to take our order. Oh, there was only one other active table in the place, mind you. Over FORTY-FIVE minutes passed before we were finally served our entrees. This gave us plenty of time to look around the restaurant. Box tape was holding up decorations. A disco ball was the focal point of some streamers around the room. The TV was far too loud, but we probably should be grateful as it made it easy to keep our unflattering comments contained to our table. I refused to use the restroom there.  Finally our meal arrived. The Chicken Karahi was nothing but a SMALL bowl of chicken breast swimming in Frank's Hot Sauce. Seriously. It was Frank's brand. I'd had it not more than 2 days prior. The other entree was the Mixed Tandoori Combo Delux. Everything was dry and impossible to enjoy -- except the sauteed onions. Those were good.  We were not offered refills of our near-flat Diet Rites at any point. Not after the starters were gone. Not after the glasses were empty. Not during the meal -- even after an ADULT server brought the entrees and blinked at our empty glasses. Were we not even checked on to see if we needed anything or had any concerns about the food. So finally, after sitting with empty plates in front of us for THIRTY minutes (far longer than it took us to eat it), we were almost hungry again. But more importantly we wanted our check so we could go get something to drink. No one was in sight. Not a cook. Not a server. Not a child. No one. So I called the restaurant from the table. They refused to answer the phone. Finally, a woman with a bluetooth headset peeked around the screen from the kitchen, looked me square in the eye, saw me wave to get her attention -- and promptly turned around never to be seen again.  Never have I dine-and-dashed -- but I was highly tempted to that evening. Eventually, a child came around and I asked for our check. Finally! Some acknowledgement -- or so I thought. The chef (possible owner/owner's wife) came around to discuss an issue with another (the ONLY OTHER) table and I attempted to get her attention to tell he we were ready for the check and had a Groupon. We were ignored.  It finally took the child TEN MORE MINUTES to deliver our check to the table. When we pointed out the groupon, she wanted to take the phone with her. We didn't allow that to happen (an iPhone is probably the most expensive thing that establishment has ever seen). After telling her how to credit the value of the Groupon against this check (because WE had to explain the weird terms and conditions the restaurant put on the Groupon), we finally just let her credit the 'value' of the Groupon against the check (Which did not work out in the restaurant's favor) so we could get the hell out.  My message to the hungry public: Do not eat here. This restaurant is doomed and can not be saved. It's in a shady part of town, the service is HORRIBLE, the pricing is out of line with portion size and quality.  My message to the owners: Stop. Save what money and credit you have left and close your doors. Your chef can seem to only cook one dish at a time. This is what caused our excessive wait time; and a mysterious phone order caused an excessive delay on the preparation of the meal for another table of four. There is no possible way your staff or restaurant's infrastructure can support a full house -- which is exactly what you need to survive. But it's not going to happen. Gordon Ramsay can't even save you now.
I may have had a worse experience at a restaurant than the one I had at Saffron, but if I did, I can't remember it.  We had misgivings as soon as we saw the restaurant, with its empty parking lot in a neighborhood that wasn't very nice. However, since we had a Groupon that was about to expire, we went on in. The room was dimly lit enough that we couldn't see the stains on the tablecloths or chairs.  We were amused when the (then) lone server tried to turn on the lights on the centerpiece on our table, only to discover that the batteries were dead. We also laughed at the decorations held up by masking tape. Less amusing and more annoying was the television set blasting Indian movies and music videos loudly from the corner. It was obviously a satellite broadcast, and at one point, there must have been satellite problems, as the picture and sound kept freezing. At no point did it seem to occur to the staff to turn it down until the problems went away.  We ordered appetizers, sodas and entrees. Our appetizers took a little bit of time to come out, and we didn't get our drinks until our appetizers came. The appetizers were okay, but then came the long, long wait for our entrees. (I should point out that there was only one table occupied in the restaurant, so it's not like they were busy at all.) The food was bland and flavorless and cold, and didn't come with rice, which has been served with every other Indian meal I've ever had.  Not only was the food bad and the service slow, nobody ever came to check on us to see how we were doing. Probably a self-defense measure to insulate the staff from complaints. We had to flag a pre-teen server down to get our check, and even then had to wait at least five minutes while another pre-teen totaled it up at the next table using a pocket calculator.  It's worth pointing out that we were only there because we had a groupon about to expire. (A Groupon I had only purchased because I mistakenly thought it was for Saffron on Tenaya.) While we were there, two other parties came in, both because they had Groupons. I'm not surprised that they didn't have any customers there willing to pay full price, and we certainly won't be going back.
FYI - This is a review exclusively for lunch, I have no clue what dinner is like, but here is my review for the lunch: This place is definitely more focused on their banquet hall that it's attached too than service for guests at lunch, we popped infor their "lunch buffet" which was basically a table with some banquet sterno heated trays with some mediocre indian/paki cuisine. service didn't exist and we had to ask for everything. The only reason I'm writing a review is to give the naan bread my thumbs up, but for everything else, there are SO MANY other options available in the area, skip this place as a lunch option if you can, or pop in just for some naan.
I was hoping for a 4 stars dining experience before we got there but let me say that after my visit, awarding them 3 is generous. Seriously.  The interior has a classic indian restaurant aesthetic but it is obviously old qnd unkempt. The reviews for this establishment are a bit harsh but aren't too far off...considering the service. There may as well be none. We went on a slow weeknight and they still took forever to do just about everything. I feel bad bashing them because they did a few things right but I have to be honest. For one, the water tastes awful. I had about two sips before I realized I couldn't drink anymore. God only knows what the hell they put on there.  The tables tilt and the chairs are practically falling apart. The condition of the place is pretty sad actually, but I remained as open minded as possible to review the food. The appetizers arrived about seventy minutes after we had ordered. A waitress continued to apologize for the delay while we politely said no big deal. The actual appetizer, a shami kabob was OK. It was a bit too dry and singed on one side. The chutney was a bit runny and had obviously been watered down. I ordered a "chai" tea to see if they could make some authentic spicy tea to satisfy my craving. They couldn't. It was god awful-- watered down plain lipton tea with a bit of dairy creamer in it. It did not taste the least bit like authentic chai tea should and it was lukewarm at best. The main courses were passable. The tandoori chicken was juicy and spicy enough to be enjoyed by my girlfriend and i. Sizzling onions always compliment this dish well. The seekh kabob was nothing impressive-- you'll have better luck at Kabob korner at Fremont street. The biriyani wasn't bad but I've had much better. At least it was loaded with a decent amount of meat. The Naan was right on but it's pretty hard to screw that up. The entire dining experience was fraught with delays and took over 2 and a half hours. Thank god we happened to have a groupon which made our grand total about $5....service charge included. Well worth the inconvenience for such a steal but I cannot in good conscience recommend this three ring circus of a restaurant at full price until they make some major improvements to service and quality.
We came here for my mom's birthday dinner using a Groupon deal. This place is by far the worst restaurant I've been to in my life. For sure the worst Indian restaurant I've encountered.   The service was crazy slow to the point that it was nonexistent...literally. Everyone was serving themselves water. My family and I waited for 50 minutes before we got cups for water. Even then, we had to ask for it ourselves. Other tables had straws...we never got them. We never got refills either. Our appetizer was a frozen samosa that they fried up in 30 seconds. Ackkk.   All their dishes were beyond horrible. I always order chicken tikka masala, I've tasted it at many locations, and here, it tasted just like tomato sauce straight from the can. Such a let down. The other dishes we ordered were also not swallowable. Normally, if we don't finish our food, we take it to-go. Not this food... It wasn't worth packing up for later if we couldn't even handle it "fresh"   They also never brought out a meal that we had ordered, yet we had already paid for it through Groupon. When we asked about it, we were given attitude and told "We'll see if we have time to bring out your dish". We were not brought our bill and left in the end, after asking and waiting for it for 20 minutes. Such a huge let down. The service and food were both atrocious. Chaotic and not friendly, certainly no yummy food here. Avoid Saffron at all costs!!!
They're getting 2.5 stars from me. Here's why:  Shahi Paneer is 5 star: Cheese in a sauce so divine that it defies description Bhindi Masala is 5 star: Fresh okra in vegetarian sauce, surprisingly spicy Safffron Rice was 4 star: good with the above entrees.  The service, decor and overall organization are lacking, as detailed in numerous Yelp reviews:  1) I went to a Sunday $10 buffet. Was greeted by a teenager and told to seat myself. I chose a table in front by the buffet, next to a table with water in pitchers. The buffet food was still covered with saran wrap and warmer covers, so I sat and waited. The child who had walked with me to my table  told me I could begin. The food was still covered. I had arrived at 1230 and the buffet was supposed to start at 1200. I used the tongs from one of the dishes to remove the plastic wrap, I removed the lids and fixed my plate. Can't say what each dish was since nothing was labeled, figured out some by looking at menu. Almost everything I tried was very good. I asked for a glass with ice and refilled my own water during my meal. I left no tip since there was no real service. I was 1 of 3 diners: 1 worked there, 1 ran in and fixed a to-go box from the buffet. There was no naan.  2) Went back with friends a week later for the Sunday Buffet. [They were "pre-warned" re: decor & service]. Boy, was I surprised that there was no buffet since the buffet warmer was broken. Menu ordering was offered. We were the lone diners. We left and went to Samurai [see review]  3) Placed order to pick up.I ordered in person at the restaurant, on a week day. It was ready in no time: Shahi Paneer since I read about it on Yelp Bhindi Masala since I recognized description from what I enjoyed at Sunday buffet Chicken curry since there was no lamb available in the restaurant Saffron rice with chicken, there was no lamb Enough food for 4 meals.  BOTTOM LINE: Order your food to go. Take it home and enjoy!  This is a Mom & Pop operation.  Mom & Pop better get it together since the food is delicious; much better than many other places in LV,
Its not fine dining, but its good. Their food tastes like a home cooked Indian meal. The owner and his wife are very kind. Everytime I go around 2pm-ish the wife does the cooking and serving, so service does take a little while. The biggest disappointment for me was the Palak Paneer- or spinach with paneer cheese. It was the worst thing I have had there. I like the chicken with the tomato cream sauce and rice, that was my favorite.
Food = 4 Stars Service & Decor = 2 Stars  Lets start off with the good first. My wife and I ordered the shai paneer and chicken tandori. The paneer was very good and they give you a lot for the money. People are usually very stingy with the portions but it was more than enough. The masala sauce was fantastic as well. Her chicken tandori was extremely flavorful and moist. It was on the spicy side for me but it was still good. We also ordered a few nan bread and tried the masala tea and neither disappointed.   Now for the bad....  Let me say when we arrived at the place we weren't sure if we were at the right place since the sign said Saffron but right next to it it said Salon something. When we entered it looked like they were prepaing for a party or something which was weird and you can see spots of sauces on the table.  I think it was a husband and wife running the place. The lady was very nice but the husband took our order and we never heard from him again. While we were eating it smelled like someone left the bathroom door opened and I'm pretty sure it wasn't curry. Also there were a few flies that really annoyed us as well.  In all I think the food is pretty good but they really need to make it a little more appealing to customers. This is a good restaurant but I'm on the fence if we'll be back.
This place was absolutely HORRIBLE. We bought a groupon. The first two times we showed up during business hours there was a sign saying CLOSED.  We finally caught them when they were open on the 3rd try.  When we walked in we were not greeted for about 2-3 mins. There were ZERO people in the restaurant. The layout is more like a ballroom and not a restaurant. Finally someone appeared from the back. Didnt say a word but waved us to a table and dropped some menus.   7 mins later she came back and stood near the table and said "Hello". We decided this was our cue and we placed our complete order. She claimed the Groupon was worth less than the actual value. We just said whatever you think is fair. About 1 min later she returned with our drinks. Then we didnt see her again for 27 mins. In this time a man came in and out of the restaurant appeared to be installing computer software and printing equipment right in the middle of the restaurant. The appetizer then arrived it was a Prepackaged obviously microwaved appetizer that looked NOTHING like the photo in the menu. About 8 mins later our meal arrived(approx 35+ mins from seating to food). The food was delivered without a word spoken.    The meal was the only slightly brighter spot. The food was typical indian food and had standard flavors and typical size portions. The processing of the bill was incredibly painful struggle. This took 4 trips back and forth to the table and still the hand written check was not coherent. We were happy just to get out of there.  This place needs a lot of work.
The is by far the worst restaurant I have ever been to in my LIFE!! No service AT ALL and they let you wait forever!! I don't know why they are still in business if they are not even interested in serving the customers. There is only 1 miserable lady waitress who seems to be the lady boss and she couldn't care less. The place is not clean and most of the time you will get some kids to seat you. Go there once and you will know what I mean and I am sure you will not go back!
The food was good...the decor and atmosphere was depressing.  This place needs a makeover show stat!  I felt so bad for my server (we where the only people there) that I tipped her more then I should have.
I am so sorry to have to make my first ever written review to have to be for Saffron Restaraunt in East Las Vegas, but I am left with no choice...Disgusting!!!  Shameful!!! This place should be shut down permanently.  If I become ill from today's meal (which I reluctantly ate because my kids were so hungry, it was so late, and we were completely fooled by the pics on their website) then I will be back with the Nevada State Health Authorities tomorrow.  The website pics were obviously taken when someone decorated the hall for a wedding, as opposed to the way their restaraunt actually looks. The service was terrible, and the food was worse. This food does not resemble anything like real Pakistani cuisine.  For any non-Pakistanis...please do not judge Pakistanis, nor their food (which is world famous) by this place. I am not from Vegas or I'd send you to an authentic Pakistani restaraunt, where you would appreciate the service and LOVE the food, but trust me, although that exists in many places, it does not exist here. If I am stuck with having to give this place a single star in order to post this review, please disregard that star.
Is it possible to give a place lower than a 1 star on Yelp ? Seriously, this place needs it.  Located in an old strip mall on the east side of town, the outside actually looks nice, once you fight your way through the door it all seems to go down hill from there.  As the only people in the place it was surprising to be ignored, a request for a table for 6 took us to a table for 4...Yep, this is how it would be....  Now I should say, we have eaten here before, but my mother in law grabbed a groupon for the place so the choice was taken out of my hands.....  Menus delivered, a whole two of them for the 6 people....  Food and drinks ordered...then nothing, for 30 minutes we sat, nobody to check on drink refills etc.  To the food. Descriptions taken from their menu :  Veggie Pakoras, Mixed vegititables in a special batter. fried to a crispy brown, by which they mean a mixture of onions...I actually love Chicken Pakoras, the batter was ok, but seriously, if you are going to offer a mixture of vegetables, actually serve a mixture.  Back to being ignored for another 20 minutes.  Mixed Tandoori Combo,  Mixed Tandoori Combo seekh kabob,Chicken tikka boti,Chicken Tandoori (Two), actually not bad, the seekh kabob was probably the best thing I ate there.  Chicken Handi, Pieces of chicken cooked in a butter flavored cream sauce, a not so good version of buttered chicken.  Shrimp masala, not listed on the one line menu, but if you know Indian you can figure it out...Blah, pretty much blah.  A couple of orders of plain nan and garlic nan, actually the second best thing behind the seekh.  Meal finish, time to be ignored again...seriously do these people have no idea on how to run a restaurant ? If you leave the floor unattended for 20-30 minutes at a time, with the door jammed open, people will walk out, not pay bill, get fed up and leave...  So with a little bit of work the food could be ok, the service..well there is none so it doesn't apply.  If you're looking for a good Indian meal try Everest or India Masala.
I'd give them a 0 if it was possible! They warmed up precooked frozen food and served it. The samosas were Deep jalapeo cheese samosas and the naan were Deep as well. Haleem tasted like it was from a can and the service was just horrible. The restaurant itself is just laughable! Save your money and go else where!!!
Mediterranean/mexican fusion? When we first walked into this establishment we were shocked by the run-down decor. There were numerous holes in the walls, and just an overall tackiness that made this No one was there to welcome us into the restaurant. the lady began to walk us to a table a customer complained and she abandoned us, so we had to find our own table.  When we began to place our order, the compact disc on the Kenwood stereo began to skip, so our order took a backseat to fixing the scratched CD playing.   Ok, so this place stinks! No, literally, it smells like old camel ass.I guess all the "Ocean Breeze" Renuzits were there to camouflage the camel smell, but it didn't work. Trust me.   Our water came without ice. The ice, upon demand, came out in a mini casserole dish with a pair of ice tongs. As we looked around the room at the other customers' tables we realized that maybe bottled water was the way to go. Perhaps the leftover bottle caps on our table should have been an indication.  oh, did I mention that the leopard printed table cloth was hiding an uneven table that tilted when we put our drinks upon it? The leopard table cloth was the top layer of 5 different table covers. There were several plastic table covers nunderneath the leopard cloth that had stains and old, crusted food upon them.  Anyway, the surprise came when the food arrived. It was surprisingly delicious! The "kabob" appetizer actually came in the form of a wrap with lots of fresh veggies and tender chicken. Who knew? Also, the chicken makhani was delicious. We had to order the basmati rice and an order of garlic naan a la carte.    Oh, did I mention that they also do quinceneras? Egad!
Awesome authentic Indian/Pakistani food.Very kind welcoming hosts, very affordable,do yourselves a favor and eat here!
Really great food: the chicken tikka masala was spicy but not overpowering, and the meat was cooked perfectly. Lovely flavor! The mango lhassi was also quite delicious. The only downside was the wait. I had called ahead so the order would be ready, but when I showed up I still had to wait about 15 minutes. But they were really busy, which is a good sign, so maybe it evens out. I'm definitely going back!
Ive never been a huge fan of indian food. This place may have changed my mind. Dont be fooled by the location its alot nicer on the inside then it appears from the parking lot. The staff was really nice and the pricing was very reasonable. 4 entrees and 2 appetizers for 40 bucks. Ill be back for sure.
I have been looking for an entire year for good Paki/Indian places to eat in the valley but this place is my new favorite place where I'll be driving 40min to eat good home made food. Let me tell you..it's even better than food you will have in Pakistan. Mixed grill and korma masala was amazing. I had 2 mango lassi's in one setting including the best chai. I say the wait is long but the food is worth it. Going back there again very soon....everyone who likes indo/Paki food should go to this place and forget places like Tandoori Times, India Best or even Bombay Spice.
Fast and friendly. Awesome soft garlic naan. I had the goat karahi and it was delicious. Looked like mom was in charge in the kitchen too. A lot of local indians dining in as well. A good sign. Big ole cup of steaming chai too. I'm hooked. Decore sucks but who cares? It's all about the food. I will return despite the 20 minute bus ride from my hotel.
Being an ASU student, I really love how close this place is to campus. It's open till 11 PM, too-- so I like to pick up food before/after study sessions and it works out really well. The food is amazing here-- much better than other Desi restaurants around the Valley. The staff is very amicable and polite, and will easily remember you when you come back again (once is never enough with a place like this). Prices are great, and the menu is surprisingly diverse for a place that prides itself on its curry. This restaurant's opening has been the best thing to happen to me at ASU.
The Pakistani food is great. has that great home cooked taste to it...we tried the daal, gosht karahi, chicken pulao, chaana puri and veggie thali. it was amazing the service is great and food is well priced. Definitely made my last day in ARizona a happy one
One day after work  I decided to visit the Curry Corner with my friend, and I was a little skeptical to try the food because I have tried a lot of average Indian food, and I didn't want to have that experience again, but I noticed the food was Pakistani style.  Since I had chicken twice that day already, I wanted to order a beef dish. The guy at the counter told me that they were out of beef.  Then I decided to order the most popular dish the "Chicken Tikka Masala."      It was a different kind of Indian/Pakistani dish that I am used to. Usually these kind of dishes are heavy, but this dish was very light, but flavorful at the same time.  The Naan bread was different as well. It was a lot lighter and fluffier then the usual Naan bread; the rice was pretty good too.  We ended up paying about $10 bucks a person. I would like to pay a little toward the $7-$8 range for this kind of place because they don't serve you, but $10 is ok.   Overall I would recommend this place if you are looking for a change of pace when it comes to Indian/Pakistani food, and want something lighter, but flavorful at the same time.
Super tasty, love the cozy atmosphere, excellent and friendly service!  The naan was a bit thinner and crispier than some others, which I really dug.  We had a goat dish that was outstanding.  Nicely spiced.  Also had the non-vegetarian thali - two chicken curries (one with a bit of sour pickle taste that was very nice), daal, basmati rice and a little salad.  Quite inexpensive.  And I like the less-thick lassi with ice.
The mutter paneer was good. It was not the best I have ever had but good. I like this place, the prices are reasonable, the food is tasty and the people are nice. The naan that came with the meal was ok, next time I will have to order garlic naan. I will be back for sure.
This place is awful! The chicken tikka masala is not flavored and it tastes like the sauce is Campbell's tomato soup. The tikka masala fries were soggy and luke warm at best. The service was lacking, and the place wasn't even busy! I would drive the .2 miles to The Dhaba and never look back! Best of Phoenix 2011, yeah right!
This has to be the worst restaurant in terms of hygiene. Two of my friends had food -poisoning after having dinner here. The food is just unhealthy with tons of oil floating on the top of curries, and I am not sure if any health/hygiene code is followed here.  The service is poor and the information on its website is incorrect, the owner does not allow dine-in after 9 or 10 even though it says that the restaurant is open till 11.   One night I saw the owner cleaning the place without gloves and she was nice enough to give us a to-go parcel without cleaning her hands (great example to the servers!). I had a peek inside the kitchen when the door was ajar, and it definitely looked dirty.  I have been a lot of hole-in-the-wall places around this restaurant, including Haji Baba, the Vietnamese place and others, but neither any of my friends nor I have fallen sick coz of the food. If you need a spicy-food fix, i strongly recommend you do not try this place, lest you want a visit to the doctor the very next day.
I'm back again & the place looks great & remodeled since the last time I was here-   AMAZING FOOD is all i can say! very authentic, the chicken masala is all I get at indian restaurants, here at CC it's not as heavy & creamy as other places so doesn't leave u feeling bloated-   Ps: to Nadia C below, with her 1 star rating, this isn't "Pei-Wei" hunny so dont go talking about "service" & websites blah blah blah...this place is excellent, authentic, i would highly recommend!
So good. It can get pretty busy. My favorite is to jut order everything to go. The naan and the chicken marsala is so yummy.
This place is spectacular. Hands down the best Northern Indian / Pakistani food in Phoenix. It's a family run place owned by actual Pakistanis, and the food is definitely served for their palate not for wimpy Americans. They don't ask you how spicy you want it. It comes one way: the real way.  For the person whining about hygiene and cleanliness because they got "food poisoning": Maybe you just couldn't take it. Go find a McDonalds. They're very clean.
I tried this place with a friend by accident today since there was a long wait for my fave Indian/pakastani resturant just down the street. At first the place seems like it may be a little dissappointing from it's fast food appearance (maybe it was because you have to order your food at the window?)     Don't let the appearance fool you the food is great! The Naan isn't the best i ever had but was good and the meal was excellent. prepare for SPICEY though. They don't skimp on spice for sure and they don't cook it to taste like some resturants I've been to. I loved it though and would definitly go back. The price is right too. Expect to pay abt $11 a person that's including your drink.
Definitely thought I had reviewed this place before. But I guess not...  I had tried their catering before, and it was pretty good. So I decided I would try their restaurant food.  Bad idea. I ordered chicken tikka masala and got chicken tikka soup. The masala that was there was super watered down, and the chicken was a mix of white meat and brown meat, some of the brown meat was so tough that I had to leave a few pieces of the chicken uneaten. The naan was really good, but the chicken tikka masala was very sub par. To make matters worse, it cost a whopping $7. When $7 gets you much more food at other places, I doubt you are going to venture back here. I suppose it was worth a try, but its not worth the return.
I visited this place last night with a mate after otherwise unsuccessfully attempting to eat other places. I am glad, considering this place is great.  We shared a vegetarian thali and samosas. It came with yogurt, gobi aloo, masoor dal, palak paneer, chana masala, onion, rice in the centre, and naan on the side. We asked for extra naan. Their naan was quite fluffy and thick compared to other places that I have eaten from, or especially when compared to grocery market purchased naan. All of it was very flavourful. I was really impressed with the spices on the chick peas, especially. Their palak paneer was a very smooth combination of the paneer and spinach flavours. The gobi aloo's identity eluded me at first because i had trouble figuring out that the cauliflower on top was upside down. The spices did not overpower the buttery nature of the cauliflower and were well accented with potato. Neither of us are onion fans, and both of us prefer our yoghurt sweet, so we took no liking to those small sides, although they were obviously less important than the curries. The masoor dal had an appealing milkiness to it. Their samosas were extremely good, with no lack in filling. There was nothing above mild spiciness on our plate, which was of no consequence to either of us as everything was hugely savory.  As far as the eating environment inside, the place is quite small and it seems to be in an otherwise relatively suspicious lot. I found it cozy. They do not wait on you. The menu is right above the order window. They do bring out your food to you, so there is no need to pick it up. They will do take out. The staff are all very friendly. You serve yourself water from a small stand with cups and pitchers. The minimal decorations are pretty and not overbearing, although most of Curry Corner's atmosphere seems to come from its customers keeping the place busy.  I ordered mango lassi on the way out. It is thicker than most I have had and instead of being blended with ice, it has ice cubes in it to chill it, but it was still delicious. It also lasted overnight in the fridge and still tasted good the next day.
Good price, good portions and good flavor. You know it can be wrong if a lot of indians go have dinner there. Go wild and order things you haven't tried (forget the names that ring a bell).  I can't remember the names of what we ordered, but it was really tasty. Now they have a larger place with more tables.
The food here is amazing.  The authentic smell and limited menu make this place a real keeper. I've tried about ten things on the menu so far and I have no complaints. The servings are generous and the garlic naan is amazing!  Prices are extremely reasonable, generally a bit cheaper then other Indian restaurants in the Tempe area. The staff is super friendly and the atmosphere is inviting, I highly recommend this place!
Stopped in Saturday for lunch. Sign on main door said to enter through the hooka because of renovations. I did and the place was empty. Waited for about 5 minutes and called out to see if anyone was there. No response. Went to the Delhi Palace buffet up the street. Maybe service will improve after the renovations are complete
I don't have curry all the time and I haven't had it in tons of places, but I went to Curry Corner when it was on Lemon and I hunted it down to find it on Apache, too. This curry rules so hard!
I like this place. It's close to campus for a good price and good portion sizes. I like their yummy Chicken Tikka Masala! They give you a good portion sizes. The other dishes were pretty good, samosas were ok, their curry is tasty and the food isn't that spicy. Super love their tikka masala fries. Yeah, I said tikka masala fries!   They're currently undergoing renovations to make the place a bit bigger and it's needed since it can get busy and full.
This is about as good a place I've found in a while. From the fluffy perfectly baked naans to the rich curries with cuts of meat that remind one of what meat is supposed to be like, I've enjoyed everything I've tried here. From what I could make out this is a smallish family-run place (with a warm friendliness to match), but it seems to be expanding a bit. The decor is simple, as is the service - you get your own drinks and order at the counter - but that stuff is unimportant. What is really important is the quality, and this place delivers in every way.  If you like (north) Indian food, you'll find yourself at home - the spices and preparations are similar, though perhaps a little richer, and the names are different. And based on the Indian places I've seen in Phoenix, this place is far superior. I particularly recommend the Beef Achari, which was the first thing I tried there; I do want to try a biryani and see how that it, so watch this space for updates.  In short, if you want an awesome dining experience on a very reasonable budget, this is one of the best places you'll find, I guarantee.
This place is AMAZING. Very good prices, exceptional service, even better food! They are renovating right now so don't let the decor steer you away. The food is full of flavor and just the right portions. The naan was fluffy and delicious. I would eat there every day if my waistline would allow it! :)
I went here last week with a large group (6 people). We ordered 5 dishes including two orders of chicken tikka masala, goat curry, chicken achari, and palak paneer. Overall we all (including one friend who is Indian) thought it was not the best Indian food we have had....the tikka masala was alright, but wasn't as rich or flavorful as other tikka masalas I have had. I did not care for the chicken achari, but I have not had that before, so it may just not be something I like in general. The palak paneer was alright, but again, was somewhat bland. The goat curry, in my opinion, was the best thing we had. It had a lot of goat flavor (which I like), and was generally tasty. The meals all came with either rice or naan, but disappointingly, the rice was plain white rice (no spices in it like most basmati rices) and the naan was also plain. Still nice that it was included...which brings me to the reason this place is 3 stars and not 2....it is soo inexpensive! We each paid six dollars and change for all of that food....most places would be well over 10$ each, so that is worth an extra star all on its own. I probably wouldn't come here if you want amazing food, but if you want decent food on the cheap, this is your place!
Oh man!  Rarely do I hand out 5 stars... but this place is an exception.  First off, don't be turned off by the crummy strip mall it's in, or the Tempe trash that loiters around outside scratching at their coke bugs... or the fact that u-turns and left-hand turns are a pain in the ass off of Apache due to this light-rail set-up - you must open your mind!  The guy working tonight was either the owner or son of the owner or something but he KNEW customer service.  He was welcoming, friendly, informative... diligent with cleaning up, taking and bringing orders AND answering the myriad of questions I threw out at him (like "is the lamb leg or shoulder... are the bones included...?")  This guy knew his food (we shared our goat meat sources and cooking tips) and described everything in a very detailed way.  I sure wasn't asking lots of questions to be picky.. no, in fact I was wanting to learn how this $9 goat dish I had was having such an effect on me... OOF!  BEST friggin $9 I've spent so far this year!!!  I could eat this all day!  Out from the kitchen where a Pakistani woman was cooking came a size-able stainless steel container with this wonderfully aromatic, succulent goat meat in tomato and garam masala stew... it was fantastic!  I love that they used the fat renderings with the garam masala to make this *heavenly* soupy deliciousness that was plentiful in the little container.... damn, I'm salivating just remembering it all over again.  SO, check out this place.  The guy was awesome but what stood out the most was their flavorful goat dish... the goat being the stand-out!   My sister's Chicken Tikka was also super flavorful, but mine was definitely more complex and interesting... now i just need another excuse to go to Tempe so I can relive this!
By far the best Indian food I've had in Arizona. Excellent service and prices!
My favorite food near asu!
My new favorite restaurant. I have been here twice, now..the first time just randomly chose the chicken achari, and was completely amazed, the flavors exploded across my palate, with the subtle heat in the finish, was like nothing I've ever experienced. I upgraded to the potato naan, which is mashed potatoes stuffed between two delicious pieces of grilled bread..my second time, I got the curry sampler, combo thingy..three different curries, pickled onions, naan, and yogurt sauce..this is the way to go..always upgrade to the potato naan! The combo said it came with a desert on the menu, but not in reality..still the cold leftovers were a perfect finish..
Very deceiving from the outside, but the food was very unique! It's rare to find a place that sells delicacies from Pakistan or Afghanistan. I tried the goat dish. The meat was very tender, though a bit fatty, but I didn't mind since it was very flavorful. It was stewed in a thick and flavorful sauce. You get either naan or basmati rice with the dish, but we got both. Our meal ended with clove-infused rice pudding... which was addicting! Our server was very friendly and had good recommendations. There is no ambiance, so don't go expecting a classy atmosphere. This place is for people that appreciate good and unique food. Looking forward to trying more off of their amazing menu!
I had high expectations for this restaurant after reading all the great reviews on Yelp and it did not disappoint. My friends and I were a bit apprehensive because we are not exactly Indian food connoisseurs but the server helped us order our dishes and we were very pleased with what we got. All the curry was delicious and it had the perfect amount of spice to it, just enough to make you reach for the water but not too much that you lose the taste of the food. The naan was delicious and the portions were perfect for sharing with the whole party. I think we had the chicken makhani, chicken tikka masala, one of their goat specials, and the vegetarian thali plate which was a big sample plate of a bunch of different foods. Oh and it doesn't get better than only paying around $8 per person and being so full you can barely move. Let's just say I am jealous of everyone at ASU who can frequent this restaurant on a regular basis.
Best Indian food I have ever had. The Chicken Tikki Masala was incredible. It would be 5 stars if the waitress hadn't been so apathetic. The food was worth the mediocre service though! I've found my new favorite Indian place!
I rarely go to Indian restaurants. But this is a place I love to visit often. The food seems as if it was done with great interest. When u go there, order anything with rice. They cook it to perfection. I like their handi dishes a lot.  If there is one thing I can suggest, it is that they should stop adding food coloring to some of their dishes. No need to guild this Lilly!
I thought this place was going to be better based on reviews but I guess not. You enter in through the hookah place next door and you are obligated to get your own drinks. I love Indian food, I make it at home all of the time but sometimes I like to venture out. The lowdown:  *I got the tikka masala fries and they were good but they desperately needed salt. *Mattar paneer also needed salt and spice, I thought this food was supposed to be full of flavor and spice?No creamy texture and the cheese was rubbery and more firm than it is supposed to be.  *My partner's lamb curry was sadly laden with oil and you could see the separation between the tomato curry and the oil sitting on top. The biggest part of the lamb that was saved for last was mostly, if not all fat.  *Basmati rice needed salt as well, and I'm not a salt fiend! More oil would have helped to make it moist.  *Garlic Naan was crispy and hot.  In conclusion: tikka masala fries and naan were good. I was disappointed at the lack of flavor everything had. If you want one of the best experiences go to Royal Taj here in Tempe, if you want some of the best Indian food in your life go to Delhi Palace in Flagstaff at Woodlands Village.
This was our first time at Curry Corner and we were very satisfied with the service and the food was absolutely delish!!
I love this place. Like I've said in other reviews, I'm a student, so I appreciate a deal. I'm also a foodie and have expensive taste, so I love when the three can come together on rare occasions, and bless me with great food!   I love Indian food, especially Pakistani and Punjabi. I'm still trying things on the menu but so far, the Chicken Tikka was flavorful, I wish I would've gotten their wonderful saffron rice with it, instead of the regular basmati, but saving money, it tasted just as great. The Aloo Palak, potatoes with sauted spinach and spices was a great vegetarian meal and went perfect with rice and their GREAT garlic Nan.   I also had the the Goat Biryani and though I loath bones, the meat and saffron rice with the rendered fat from stewing made it worth the extra effort of getting through the many bones (that is to be expected with any goat dish at many ethnic restaurants and is part of the dining experience). Very well done dish.  Yes the atmosphere is laid back, but the owner caters to us college students and that keeps the cost down, I think they're the most reasonable Indian restaurant in the valley, that alone will keep me coming back. The service is good, laid back as well, the owner is very kind and attentive, again the food is great so I'll be back often, you should definitely pop your head in and start with some Nan and let your mind wander through the many choices..  They even have daily specials, like Halal Kung Pao Chicken one day...
I have only had one lunch meal here - the thali. I can surely say their menu is reasonably priced but, the taste of the food is below average. The meats were indeed cooked to perfection but, the just wasn't great. Very controlled use of oil/fat which is another plus. I will update this as I try a couple more items.
So good! I'm a vegetarian; got the veggie thali plate. Delicious, super-spicy garbanzos and dal, not so great spinach. Excellent value. Mango lassi tasted sweet, not mango-y. Split excellent aloo tiki appetizer. Husband said his chicken thali plate was also great. Wish they'd open one in our part of the country!!
Delicious food, cramped spaces, just like India itself!
I started going here about 5 months ago when a friend who lives right near it said it was pretty good.  I do not eat nonkosher meat or poultry, so I was delighted when I saw they have a good amount of fish options with Talapia.  My favorite by far is the fish biryani (fish cooked with rice and a ton of herbs and seasonigns) served with a side of yogurt.  It is absolutely phenomenal and cheap considering the portion size.  I think it costs like 8 dollars.  The amount of seasonings and herbs is what really makes the dish taste so good.    I have also tried the fish curries.  They are pretty good, but I much prefer the Biryani.  My GF usually orders a curry,either fish or vegetable, and she also loves it.  We also order the samosas on occasion, which have a great flavor.  The Naan is also delicious, but I have never really had "bad" naan at an indian/paki restuarant, so i do not think that having great naan is a special benefit - rather, if you dont have great naan, i wont be going to the restaurant!  The service is usually slow, but getting better as the restaurant becomes more professional.  I hope they dont lose the home style cooking or low prices as a result of becoming more of a "real" restaurant.    Also, Guy Fieri ate there recently for his DDD show and I am very excited to see it!
Seriously one of my favorite places to eat anywhere in the valley!  Try the Samosas, they are kind of addicting.
I went back here to try again after my disappointing first attempt. This time I was very pleased. The food was excellent and the portions on the lunch combo were perfect. I'm really glad I tried again, this place will  become a regular for me!
it seriously blows my mind that this place has a 4.5 star average. who is rating this stuff so high?!!  the samosas were served room-temperature, my paneer dish was EXTREMELY greasy, my mango lassi never came, the entire restaurant was out of napkins (not kidding!) and the chicken dishes come with such huge chunks of chicken that there's barely any flavor (so i'm told, i don't eat meat). a highlight was the garlic naan, lowlight, the service. by far. two young women who didn't care the least about good service.  don't waste your time or money. seriously, go up the street to the dhaba. waaaaaay better food and service. a little pricier, but you get what you pay for.
I love love love!! the food here. I tried the Chicken Haramasala today and it was absolutely amazing. Too bad its a special item and not a part of the regular menu. Now having said that, I wish they'd clean their restroom more often. How about cleaning the floors now and then, some air freshener maybe and oh, empty the trash once in a while?! I had to take back one star, just because of the restroom. Sorry CC :(
UPDATE:  Looks like the health department can confirm my personal experience.  5 negative findings on their most recent inspection (http://phoenix.about.com/library/blrestinspectbad0613.htm). Meanwhile, the owners keep messaging me to get me to delete my review.  Oh Curry Corner.  I loved you since the day I met you.  Your takeout orders were usually wrong.  But I forgave you, for each time I came inside, my food was just right.  I was wierded out by your self-service beverages, and your water always tasted so awful that I drank tea or soda.  I figured it was a ploy to sell drinks, and I was OK with that, because your food was so cheap and so delicious.  I was excited to come in last week to find Guy Fieri's visit (can't stand the dude...wtf is with his hair...SERIOUSLY) prompted a major renovation.  Gone were the mostly disgusting and crappy booths near the kitchen.  Hardly an improvement to remove booths and replace with tables and chairs, but this was.  They cleaned it up. And it looked great!  Well, I was pumped that my friend, who is mostly an Indian food virgin, enjoyed this place and his first foray to the cuisine.  So much so, that (well, until he reads this review) I couldn't bear to tell him what I saw when we checked out.  A roach.  Not a dead one.  One still clinging to it's life.  Legs in the air like he just didn't care.  I immediately bugged (ha!) my friend who had originally turned me on to the place to tell him my woeful tale of a roach at Curry Corner.  OH, he said?  I saw one the last time I was there, but I assumed it was just a fluke.  No.  It was not.  And no thanks, CC.  I'm over you.
My Indian friend suggested I go and try their goat biryani and mango lhassi. I have to say the portions are huge! It tasted really good and you could tell that they used good quality basmati rice. I couldn't finish half of what was in my plate. The mango lhassi was really refreshing and sweet! loved it! the only issue i have with this place is the service! really horrible. we came around 12 noon and there were very few customers there. but oh my! the waitress was super slow, it took 15 minutes to get the lhassi. And get this--- she doesn't even offer you a straw as she serves you with it. You would have to go get the straw from their counter. I don't get that..  I mean she is already serving the drink, why wouldn't she serve the straw as well. The only redeeming thing is that their price is super cheap for the amount and quality of the food that you get. I will come back some other day and i hope that the service gets better!
Not sure whether to give this place 3 or 4 stars.  I eat there 1-2x a month and they consistently have some of the best food in this class.  And they consistently have the most mediocre service.  I don't use this word often but the young ladies that have worked as wait staff since I started eating there way back when would best be described as 'ditzy'.  Tonight I had a delicious Chicken Tikka Masala and some hummus, both excellent.  I was also going to have a Mango Lassi but it never arrived. I also had to ask for a plate and getting that had to ask for silverware.  When I ask for a napkin I was told they are on the bar on the other side of the restaurant.  Are you kidding me? So I had to leave my food and all to walk across the place to get my own napkin.  I'm a consistent 20% tipper at a minimum.  I know how hard wait staff work in most place.  This one tonight, again, I felt I was being generous in leaving her 2 bucks. Oy vey!
This has to be the best Indian food I have ever had in my life! My husband said the same thing. Everything we had was just amazing and so flavorful and the prices are great!    We had the Fish Curry, Non veg tali (sp?) with this chickpea dish the waitress recommended, A mango lassi, and garlic naan. Everything was out of this world! So good! There was a curry that was on the tali plate that I had never heard of and it was one of the best things I have ever eaten. The waitress told me the name, but I can't remember. She said it was a buttery flavored curry. The fish curry was excellent, the naan was the best I've ever had. And the lassi was good and sweet.
I know a lot of people who love this place, but I don't get it.  They are going to be featured on the food network as having the beset chicken tikka masala.  I ordered this twice (thinking maybe the first time it was an off day) but it was horrible each time.  Not tender or tasty.   The goat tastes like lamb and has that grassy taste.  And the Nan's are served on these plastic trays, where they don't change the foil between customers!   Bathroom is filthy.  Lots of college students eat here, and it is in walking distance of ASU's campus.  It's not even that cheap.    I must be missing something, because I do not recommend this place.
Two words:  Goat Karahi.  The reason I will be willing to drive from San Tan Valley to Tempe again.    Hopefully I spelled this right, by the way.  I forgot to grab a take-out menu to get names right.  Anyway, this dish was suggested by our server.  Who incidentally was very courteous and attentive.    The goat was tender, flavorful and just delicious.  We should have ordered two dishes of it because it comes on the bone and my husband and I were left wanting more.    We also had the Chicken Korma, which was good but when we return we'll try something else.    Prices are excellent, entrees include either rice or naan.  We opted for rice but also ordered garlic naan.  Good call on our part.  The naan was crispy and soft at the same time with great garlic flavor.  Yum!  If I understand correctly, they've recently remodeled.  I saw no problems with cleanliness, one of the things that seems to have been an issue previously.    Had a nice chat with our server about how their experience was with Guy Fieri as well.    Can't wait to go back and try some other dishes.
Amazing food !! I cant tell ya all of what we had but i can tell ya it was amazing !! The potato naan was soooo yummy !! The tikka marsala chicken was wonderful ! The other things i dont know the name of were out of this world ( i will try to update with their names soon cuz u need to know :)   They forgot the toppings on the tikka marsala fries though :( didnt know till we were home to my sisters ...
Great authentic food. A hidden gem. Service could improve a bit, however with a name like curry corner I think everyone knows what you are getting into.
SO GOOD! my husband loves diners, drive in's and dives and when we saw this place reviewed and realized it's five minutes from where we live, we decided to go there today for lunch. I'm not a super adventurous eater, but this was AMAZING! Awesome service.......our servers were attentive, helpful and helped us order!  We will FOR SURE be back!
I went back last night.  Had to.  There is no better Chicken Tikka Masala around.... It was superb as usual along with the garlic naan and samosas.   And I'm please to report that the service this time,unlike almost every visit before, was very professional.   I'm not a college student and won't just be 'ok' with any kind of service. Maybe college students aren't either.  She was attentive, took my order promptly, brought everything I needed to the table, and checked on me 2-3 times during the course of my solo dining.  Very well done indeed.  I just hope they can keep up this level of service because it matches their food now!  Nuff said.
Found this place on here about 6 mo ago and have gone twice, really enjoyed it both times.  Service has been very good both times, drinks stayed full (it is semi-self serve, so ymmv), and food came out piping hot.    The food:  The girlfriend and I like to get samplers so we can try a wide range of food, both times we got 1 non-veg, and 1 veg combo.  I highly recommend that to a) people looking for variety and b) people looking for leftovers.    The first time we went we saw these incredible looking fries come out so it was a must order the 2nd time through.  The Tikka Misala fries were very good.  I feel like the menu said feta but we got blue cheese.  It was still very delicious.  The only thing I would enjoy more would be more naan to come with it,  I know I could order more but I am too busy enjoying the deliciousness.    Have been looking for a reliable option for this kind of food nearby and I think I've found it.  Can't wait to try more of the menu.
I really cannot overstate how good this place is. Every dish we tried was better than the next. A big dude named Omar took our order and he could not have been friendlier, and considering this place was on Triple D a few nights before, it was so cool how appreciative he was of our business. So, the food and service are great...what else is there? Oh yea three of us ate like Pakistani royalty with plenty of leftovers for $35. That's why I gave a rare five stars.
Friendly Service and GREAT food.  The hummus and naan are awesome!  Such big portions on our entrees as well.
We know good Indo-Pak food (having grown up on Indo-Pak food gives us some credibility) and on our 1st visit, the whole group left raving!!  The Kharai Goat was finger licking good!  Seekh Kebabs were so flavorful!  The Afghani Boti was grilled to perfection.  The chicken tikka masala was ok.  And the mango lassi was so refreshing!!!  We will be back to Curry Corner for sure!! Worth the 30 min drive from So Chandler:)
The food from Curry Corner is good but the service is pretty bad and their attitude is very racist... They treat the white Americans as Roman Gods and the people from the subcontinent and Mexico as the slaves... They will treat you as if they were your boss if you are anywhere from Asia... So if you are looking for quite tasty food (at somewhat higher but okay price) but bad behavior from the owners you are very welcome.
Been there three times now. Not a big fan for curry, but I guess this one works for me!
I ordered 3 items to go one of which was chicken tikka masala and  I didn't get it we were charged for it but we got a beef dish with lots of bones I was pretty disappointed I don't think I will be back!!!!!!!
Any restaurant that can convince our 8-year old daughter that goat is her new favorite meat is serving really superb dishes. These folks are masterful in building complex and distinct flavors, some spicy and others mild, but all melt-in-your-mouth delicious. We drove 1200 miles from Portland, Oregon to visit family, knowing all the while we couldn't leave Phoenix before coming to eat here. We're so glad we did, and can't wait to come again.
I saw this place on the show Diner, Drive-Ins and Dives. The Best Tandoori chicken I've ever had. I tried the Salt Lassi, which was not refreshing at all.
Went here because we saw it on triple D. Great food home- like vibe.
My main reason for coming here was the tikka masala fries - it sounded too good to pass up.  And like Russell Peters' standup comedy, these fries are TOOOOO GOOD.  Pictures do not do the tikka masala fries any form of justice because no camera in existence is capable of capturing the full spectrum of their awesomeness.  For only a few bucks you get a generous portion of delicious french fries SMOTHERED in tikka masala sauce, drizzled with some white yogurty sauce, and then topped with feta cheese.  OH MAN.  It was so good that I would be very inclined to make the 400 mile drive from LA just to eat those fries again.  I couldn't finish them on my own so I took half home, even though I was worried that they'd be soggy the next day.  But turns out, they were STILL GOOD as leftovers.  I swear, that tikka masala must be magical as both a goldmine of flavor and as a preserver of all that is goodness.  I also highly recommend the goat karahi.  So much spices and deliciousness in one dish, I definitely got the curry sweats afterward but it was SO worth it.  I can't even imagine how much spicier some of their dishes must be, considering the karahi wasn't even marked on the menu and yet it was able to sizzle my mouth adequately.  Didn't learn until a month later that the joint was featured on Diners, Drive Ins, & Dive's.  No wonder the TV was only tuned to the Food Network!  Definitely coming back here next time I'm in the area.  Hopefully Guy Fieri isn't there, since I can't really stand his face.
I'm not sure about this place when you take your food to go,I don't recommend that at all
You have to go to this little gem, which is hidden in a nondescript strip-mall location.  The location is small and is - for reasons unknown - usually quite empty.  I had the tikka masala (once with chicken, once with lamb) and naan.  Both times I was in tikka masala heaven.  My friend had potatoes in a green sauce (I forget what herb the sauce was made from) - I had a taste and it was also crazy good (especially for a vegetarian dish, which I do not gravitate toward).  You won't be disappointed!
Was at an event with a bunch of friends and decided to come here last minute. Tiki masala chicken was good and the garlic naan was ok. Mango Lassie was also good.  Place is smaller so we had to wait a while for table but we were so hungry we got it to go.  Pretty satisfied with this choice instead of a burger.
Love this place. One of my favorite place for Indo-Paki food in entire Arizona. Service is not the best but food is delicious.   We ordered Chicken Tekka Masala and Lamb Tekka Masala with Garlik Naan and Rice.  The chicken and lamb was done right and really delicious.   If you go with two people, order one main dish, rice and bread that will be enough for two people.
We saw it on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives and decided to go with apprehension. Guy did not steer us wrong! The Goat Karahi was the perfect combination of flavor and heat with a blend of spices. I just placed an order to go while thinking about it. Best in town but if you dont trust my culinary palate then look no further beyond the walls littered with awards.   If you are hungry...Go NOW!
The Chicken Boti is awesome, though the lunch serving was not served as a kebab. I also love the Naan. Prices seemed responsible. The tikka masala fries are really good too.
very tasty food. I will def. go there again.
The food, the prices, the service - couldn't get any better. Two thumbs up for Curry Corner!
OMG! Seriously one of the best Paki restaurant EVER. Well that might be me saying that because it was the only place which served me Chapli Kabob lol. But on a serious note i think this place has done really well for themselves even though i think they have a competition only a block away but its always dead. I was in tempe for 2 days and and went there both days. Customer service was great as well. The dude from the TV wasn't wrong. :D Most of their business is from the HUGE Indian and a Pakistani student population by ASU. So if they all love it trust me you will as well.
Amazing chicken tikka masala, just as good as my favorite Indian restaurant back in Philadelphia. If you're near Tempe you should really try curry corner... And get the garlic naan.
I really like this place. They have a variety of Indian food.Its worth going to this place.
Straight to the point their food is delicious and deserves 4 stars, but their service is awful/ disappointing. I honestly even wish their food wasn't so good. I've come in on multiple occasions and the waiter/waitresses have been so rude. On one occasion when I asked for water while I waited for my to-go the waitress with a lot of makeup on was talking badly about me in spanish. Awkward considering I understand/speak Spanish. It was to the point where I felt uncomfortable eating there. Service is slow and it's to the point where I feel I need to write this review.
This place is pretty decent. I wish I knew more about Indian food or culture to really enjoy it. But I don't, whatever.   Their naan is AMAZING. It's so flaky and buttery! My favorite of course. Their chicken tikki masala is on point. It has lots of flavor and is the perfect amount of spicy. So was their tandoor chicken tikki masala.   Their rice lacked flavor but it wasn't too bad with the other stuff.   I got this stew thing, which was pretty good but I'm not a big fan of lamb so if I had to get it again, I'd get beef instead.   We'll probably be back.
Great restaurant. I like it very much. You have to taste it if you didn't taste it yet!
Good yummy food. We had chicken jalfrezi, hickey makhani, and paneer achari. Mango lassi was yum as usual. Paneer tikka may have been better choice than achari. Achari was good but had thin gravy.
Best chicken tikka masala, nice and spicy. I order the garlic naan. My husband gets the biryani  and he's always happy with it.  I used to eat inside but our last 4 visits my husband orders take out.  The owner's son (part owner?) is nice and helpful.
So, the other day my friend and I wanted to go and have Cantonese food down the street from this place, but they were closed for an ASU welcome back dinner; wack!! So, I scrammed to find a yummy place last minute on Yelp which was in the area, and Curry Corner popped up.  I am very happy that he and I went to this place after all. Since I am doing a physical and spiritual cleanse at this time and cannot eat meat, dairy, processed sugar, sweets, breads/white flour products, this place made me happy.   I had their veggie combination and was blown away by how well delectable they can make chic peas and spinach taste with their spices and techniques.   I am going back when I can eat meat and bread and will enjoy their fish/chicken dishes and supposedly amazing naan.  I am a fan!  Love, The East Coast Foodie
Yum,yum,yum! The hummus is wonderful and served with naan (any flavor you want) I have been there four times and each time was five star. Chicken tandoori is very tender and tasteful. Even the goat and lamb was superb. We were treated like kings & queens even though they were super busy. The parking is good once you maneuver around Apache blvd. God love the rail! I highly recommend it if you love indian/pakistani food. I have yet to try the deserts, always too full.
The food is good, but a little bit too much Mexican food fusion here. Each table has two types of hot sauce-- the red rooster sauce and a straight habanero sauce. What's the deal?  It's worth coming back though, since prices are around $8 on average and mango lassi is $2.50.  Just... don't expect an authentic Indian food experience.
The Chicken Boti Kebab is phenomenal--the chicken is tender and full of flavor, and it is served with great pickled onions and a delicious green sauce.
I love Curry Corner, it's got the best Indian and Pakistani food in Tempe. A lot of my Pakistani friends and Indian friends all recommend it. After going for a couple of years, I was glad to see they had expanded the place and got some publicity with Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives. Their Chicken Makhani and briyani is so good and their garlic naan can be eaten on its own. Definitely a great place to go!
Fast, cheap, and good food. Last star reserved because servers were overwhelmed by dinner rush, sauces were a little salty (but not a deal breaker), and we sat in a cramped corner in a dining room that got pretty hot. I'll be back though to try other things.
Great food with amazing prices!! The service was good... A little strange because we never actually had one specific server but they were all very friendly!
Not sure why this was on Food Network. Chicken was fatty and dark meat in curries. The best parts of the meal were the nan bread and the rice.
Was in the Tempe area and visited CC to try out their Guy Fieri recommended tandoori chicken. The restaurant welcome us at the door with an immediate aroma and we found the last available table for two even at 3pm on a Saturday.  In between college kids and a sprinkling of Indian patrons, the first thing to visually be distracted by are the loud TVs set to the food network but a lively atmosphere regardless.  As today was yet another fiery day in the desert, the owners decided to let us sweat some more by having on a half working AC (a huuuge gripe for me on summer days) and not enough fans.  As we have a pretty high bar for Indian cuisine, the tandoori chicken was indeed moist and charbroiled well. You get two chicken legs per order along with a side of naan or rice. Hubby went for the tikka masala but he was surprised that there was no question of the preferred heat level by our waitress. It turned out a mild variation of what he's used to and a bit lacking in depth of spices.   Their naan was more on the thin crispy side so by my standards a 3 star effort at best. And if you're not a huge coriander lover, definitely ask for the curry sans the pungent leafy condiment as CC does tend to overindulge. Hubby's side was the saffron infused rice which was al dente and a good texture.  We probably won't make a special trip out just for dinner but both our meals summed up to definitely less than one dish at our regular spot in north scottsdale, so those on college budgets should continue to feel comfortable with CC being their go to Tempe curry joint!
Been here a couple of times, and it's a pretty good place. Good food, reasonable prices. Their customer service is alright and varies from day to day, once we came in at night and the customer service was pretty bad, but at other times it was good...should be consistent.
Tikka masala fries are amazing!!!!! Crunchy mushy spicy sweet = wow  Everything else was just ok
The food is OK, but ASK FOR AN ITEMIZED RECEIPT. They overcharged me, my sister, and a friend on 3 separate occasions. Their explanation was that the prices went up but they hadn't had time to update the menu... but it has been months since the first time I was over charged. I will not give business to dishonest people.
Great food, terrible service. Only one waitress and she did not do a good job. Slow to clean off tables, didn't come by to ask if we needed refills. They allow you to sit where you want but then when a larger party comes in, they don't have a good spot to sit. If they had a better waitress or one more, I think I could bump up the rating.
Got this place from Diners Drivins and Dives. When I walked in to this place it looked kind of low budget but when we tasted the food it was suprisingly wonderful. The only problem was service. They forgot my wifes meal and that took a while to fix. But the food is worth going back and trying again.
I had the lamb tikka and it was OK. The food was very tasty but it wasn't hot (hot as in "not warm"). And It kinda felt like eating homemade Indian food that got microwaved  for 1 minute and 30 seconds and then served to us. Prices are reasonable, $8-$10 for a small bowl of curry and meat of your choice and a big plate of white (flavorless) biryani rice.   Would give 5 stars if: 1) Food was freshly made, 2) Hot and 3) More meat :)
This place gets 4 stars because the food is amazing. The service, however, left a little to be desired.   When we walked in no one greeted us and there was no sign saying "seat yourself" so we sort of stood there for awhile not sure what to do. Eventually we just sat down and waited. It took awhile for the waitress to come take our order.   We ordered tikka masala fries, the vegetarian combo, and my husband ordered the tandoori chicken. Everything was great but those fries were killer! They were delicious. I couldn't stop eating them.    The naan that came with the vegetarian plate was so good. I loved everything.   When we were done we waited a really long time for our check. Eventually we just walked up to the register where the waitress was and asked her if we paid there or at the table. She was really nice but I think she was overloaded with how many people were in there.   I will go back. It was seriously good enough to make me drive out to Tempe again. The place isn't a fancy restaurant (really casual) but the food is worth it.
First time I went with an indian couple and the felt that it was the best Indian food they had outside of India. It was delish... cant recomend the mixed tandoori enough.
We went twice in one week. After hearing about this place from coworkers I had to try. I don't recall what we ordered as we just asked the super sweet waitress to bring us sampling of her favorite dishes. Spice was just right and the flavor is delightfully foreign. A must try!
My husband and I freaking love Indian food. We had a business trip in Scottsdale, AZ, and after watching Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives and seeing that Tempe was just 10 minutes up the road, we made it our mission to try Curry Corner. I had high hopes for this place to blow my mind.  We were served quickly, but the meal left much to be desired. We started with samosas which were really good. However the water they brought us tasted like it came out of a hotel swimming pool - very chlorine-y.   I asked if I could have tikka masala, except made with shrimp instead of chicken (usually an option at most Indian places). The server said he "would ask, but the cook is sometimes funny about stuff like that." I didn't understand how difficult it could be to put tikka masala sauce over shrimp instead of chicken, but I was ultimately served shrimp tikka masala. What a disappointment! The sauce literally tasted like Campbell's soup, or ketchup. Just plain tomato sauce. I don't know if this is some side sauce that was whipped up to satisfy my request for shrimp in place of chicken and just wasn't the normal tikka that is used, but I was pretty sad about the whole thing. Had I known it would so negatively affected my meal overall, I would have just stuck with chicken.  The rice was flavorless. Normally I can eat rice from my favorite Indian places plain, because it's so delicious and cooked with cinnamon, cilantro, cardamom, etc. The rice not only didn't taste seasoned, but it also took on the chlorine taste from the water. They would really benefit from installing a water filter in their restaurant.  My husband had chicken makhani which WAS really good. The cheese and garlic naan were also both delicious.  I wish I could give my experience a better rating, but it was ultimately a disappointment for me.
I love DDD and always check out his picks when in the area. Seen this on TV and decided to see what all the hoo-ha was all about. Normally Guy is pretty good with his choices but sometimes he can be off a bit.  Inside is rather small and appears to be a hit with the ASU students as well as the regulars who live or work nearby. There are two TVs that are always on and either playing the Food Network or a cheesy flick from overseas.  The menu has a several choices to pick from when ordering. Some are more Pakistani style while others are more of the standard favorites that you would see for this type of restaurant cuisine.  Started with a some appetizers. Ordered the Samosas with dipping sauces and on another visit some Aloo Tikki. Had to try what Guy had eaten so got the Goat Karahi with Garlic Naan and then came back again later in the week and tried the Tandoori Chicken Tikka.  They definitely got the flavors down but the portions seemed rather small. Really liked both the Goat and the Tandoori. Wish that you could order a larger version of the meals without having to pay for two dishes. I had asked if I could get the Tandoori with more chicken for an extra charge and I was told that was not an option. Hmmm?  Give them a try and make sure to fill up on the appetizers first so that you are not still hungry when you are finished. Prices are reasonable until you end up ordering more than what you were expecting. THAT'S MONEY!  3.25 STARS
Excellent. Had the chicken tikki, great! If you like Indian food, you have to go here!
I've heard many good thing. Many. Many. Many. I want to thank you yelpers for helping me through the menu. Several of you mentioned the (Goat Karahi) and omg that was good. Fall off the bone meat with a spiciness that I loved. The boyfriend had the (Chicken Tikki Masala), he was done before I could get a bit, so that speaks for it self. For appetizer we had a the (Samosas) and (Tandoori Wings) and we pretty much inhaled both. Yeah inhaled. They took a bit longer to make due to the cooking process but definitely worth the wait. Service was good. Not great. She did the job while juggling seven other tables but I'm a server as well and she knew how to handle this restaurant. When the bill came, I choked a bit because I thought we got under charged. Nope. The food is amazing. It's nothing simple but it will leave you taking a to-go menu and craving more. We'll be back. Yes we will.
I have been going to this place frequently for the last 1 and half years and the food was great until recently.  The last few times I ordered take out food and I always find the curries highly diluted with water, samosas fried in old oil and their signature biriyani not flavorful at all.  The last time I ordered take out food from there, I even found a piece of meat in my veggie curry!!   Like others have mentioned, the service is poor, the place is highly understaffed and not so friendly staff either.  The place used to be known for its flavorful, cheap food but sadly the quality has degraded over the last few months...
My workgroup came here for dinner. Standard hole in the wall decor. We found prices to be reasonable, our portions were way too much for one person. The chicken tikka wings were awesome, they also had tikka masala fries, something different unique never had it before but still tasted american flavor so didn't go well with the rest of the food. Also had nehari, lamb curry, and chicken handi, all good but nothing special.
Terrible terrible terrible service.....please save yourself some time, pride and money...specially if you are an asian. The skinny weirdo who takes your order does not have any courtesy whatsoever...no hello..no smile...no thank you nothing!! I felt so weird and so little while standing in their cramped and filthy restaurant with my wife for at least 15minutes without being welcomed or even asked to sit down. Finally, the owner lady asked us to sit down with such an attitude as if she is doing a huge favor to us.The lady would talk so nicely about the food and stuff to our non asian neighbors but would never bother coming to us to take our order or even to hand us the menu(btw this has happened to us twice on separate occasions) Wow lady!!..were we not paying or what?? This is not the racist land where you came from and we are not college students who would not react to this kind of mean and rude service. The water took 20 minutes to arrive...don't even wanna talk about the other female server...she is just going through her shift. I grew up eating this kind of food so you can take it from me, seriously it's not that great..they use chicken thigh meat in all curries which is not always a good thing...portions sizes are ridiculously small...nothing interesting really...there are much better and courteous places around. I seriously hope that their "Guy Fiery" bubble bursts soon. I am not going back again at any cost...and would highly recommend all of you to stay away..specially if you are an asian.
Really over rated on here. Food was basic, chicken was slimy. Staff were friendly but not  very attentive. Had to ask for plates, a knife, napkins and a glass of water which tasted like pond water. Bit of an odd experience.
Great food. Briyani, chicken tikka, lamb curry, etc, I will be back. You do not come to the restaurant for the atmoshphere nor the service. It is 4 stars because service was bad.
This was GREAT Indian food. It doesn't look like much from the outside, and is definitely in a divey location, but wow. First off, order the fries with masala sauce. Seriously, trust me. They were double fried and so crispy they all but shattered when you looked at them, but doused in delicious sauce and feta cheese. I'm pretty sure I could have eaten that and called it an entire meal. The garlic naan wasn't as garlicky as I could have hoped, but it was tasty anyways. All of the rest of the food was delicious, and the service was friendly. Only thing I was missing was the little dish of spices on the way out the door. It always helps settle my stomach after a heavy meal. Nice big parking lot here, which is great right off campus.
YES to the samosas. They are flavorful, steamy hot, and come with a delicious sauce. NO to the curries - ha, go figure. Unless you like liquidy, oily, flavorless broth with chunks of meat inside. Also, NO to the water. It tastes very chlorinated.  Note the door on the left is STUCK so don't be discouraged and try, try again!
Stay away from curries they are watered down. Friendly people cozy atmosphere. All I tried was chicken tikka masala and it's not up to par.
Service still bad, but I keep coming back because the food is excellent. Try the tikka masalla fries, it is different and I love it. Chicken tikka masalla is still the best. Ordering the food to go Is the bet option.
People have to stop judging Indian restaurants by how they make Chicken Tikka Masala or any Tikka Masala for that matter. Yes, Chicken Tikka Masala is an Indian dish but it is not the only Indian dish. Hell, it's a north Indian dish that seldom gets any attention in other parts of India.  I choose Curry Corner over other Indian restaurants in this area because of its positive reviews. I ordered a Lamb Biryani and a Chicken Curry to-go was told the order would take 15-20mins. So I sat at one of the tables and patiently waited. The place was not busy and almost everyone who came after me got their food served while I was still kept waiting. Finally, after more than 35mins of waiting my order was ready and I was told the Lamb Biryani usually takes time to prepare. So I thought maybe Biryani was worth the wait.  Initially the Biryani looked good but when I started digging into it was when I realized how badly it was prepared. The Biryani was just rice mixed with some curry and a few hard-to-chew lamb pieces thrown in. Trust me, it tasted awful. I simply don't understand why some Indian restaurants have this compulsion to include a Biryani on the menu when they don't know or even have the faintest idea about how it is prepared.  And as for the Chicken Curry, it tasted OK; nothing great - just mediocre.  Curry Corner is another Indian restaurant serving mediocre Indian food to susceptible locals. What a shame!
So we came here on our lunch break because we wanted to try something new in our lives... plus we heard great review about it since it was on Diners Drive Ins & Dives...  I've never had  any type of Indian/Pakistan food before so this was going to be quite an experience for me. We ordered the Tikka Masala Fries which were bomb.com. The sauce on it was reallyyyyy good. For the entrees we got the Mixed Grilled Sizzler and the Afghani Boti. Everything was a bit spicy for me since I'm a wuss when it comes to that stuff. lol. I liked the meat in the Afghani Boti and the sauce that it comes with.   The service... was extremely slowwwwww... It took maybe 20 minutes before we even got our waters. We ordered the fries as an appetizer. Which never came out. They ended up coming out with everything else. Other then that it was quite an experience. I might come back if I'm ever in the mood for something different in my life again. =)
Saw this place on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. They're so popular that all the tables were full and there are always people waiting to be seated. There was a very large Pakistani (I'm assuming) family taking up half the restaurant. I took that as a good sign.  Samosas were tasty. The mango and strawberry lassi were good, but I have had better mango. I really enjoyed my chicken makhani. I believe my boyfriend got lamb curry, but I can't remember exactly.  My complaints are about accommodation and the fish tank. The tank needed to be desperately cleaned. They have a lentil bowl for $6. I asked if I could get a smaller portion, like an appetizer, for maybe $4 but was told no. She didn't even ask the owner, who was there.  After our visit I read in the paper that there were 9 food violations. The food was really good but I'll be checking an updated violation check before visiting again.
Very tasty curry. Amazing fries and naan. And I finally tried goat. I'd definitely make another trip when we are on that side of town!
Took me forever to finally leave the comforts of Phoenix to check out Curry Corner.  My only regret, not coming sooner!  Super close, right next to ASU.  Fast, friendly service.  Some of the best garlic and cheese stuffed naan around.  Had the chicken tikka, lamb, biryani and of course a mango lassi.  Like many family owned gems, the dcor isn't fancy.  I was a little worried that they would rest on their DD&D laurels like some restaurants do, but I am eagerly looking for another excuse to head back and check out the rest of the menu.
Saw this restaurant on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives. We had to go. The food is excellent, spicy, and it's awesome that the vegetarian section is just as large as the meat section.   Some of my favorites are the Palak Paneer( freshly chopped spinach greens (palak) cooked with home made paneer (cheese), Aloo Matar (Potatoes sauted with green peas seasoned with house spices, or the Vegetarian Thali ( 2 vegetable curries and one lentil served with rice, naan, yogurt, and salad).  You can't go wrong at this place. Everything is good. If you don't know what to get, just take a chance and you won't be disappointed.
In the mood for Indian so we tried The Dhaba but it was that weird time of day between lunch and dinner. So, we went to Curry Corner. The service wasn't great. Wife got a soda but wasn't offered a refill until we were ready to leave. And the food was spicy, so she REALLY kinda needed it. She asked at one point and we thought the server heard us, but apparently she didn't. The food is okay. I've definitely had better Indian and I'm not sure what would bring us back here.
We went because of Diners drive ins and dives.  We did not get the food he got even though we ordered the same thing.  Ours wasn't tasty the order was smaller and even a different color. The place wasn't clean, dirty floors, sticky table edges.  Wouldn't go again.
The Tikka Masala is addicting and the cheese naan was good and fresh - gonna try the garlic naan next time. Everything was delicious!
Awesome food !!!
Met some friends with my Family.  Everything was very good except for a young server who could not be bothered.  Owner was really nice and helpful with the menu.
I am a big fan of curry corner. They have the best Indian/Pakistani food in Tempe. I am a big fan of the chicken tikka masala, palak paneer and all of the lamb dishes. The biryani rice is also a favorite of mine and of course the naan is also delicious.
Been here 5 times so far.   The curries is always tasty and  consistent,   Price is cheap, and the portions is huge.
Hype for no reason. Service is ok, food is alright. I expected more after hearing about Curry Corner. There are far better options in the area.
Best Indian restaurant in Tempe for reasonably priced and great food. It's located in an eyesore plaza and is desiring a face lift inside but that being said, the food is Amazeballs! Try the chicken tikka masala :D
I saw this restaurant on Diners, Driveins & Dives. I ordered Lamb Biryani, Chicken Curry (medium hot), and Tandoori Chicken & garlic naan.  All of the frood was delicious & the prices don't break the bank.  I'll defnitely be returning.
One of the better cheap, casual indian restaurants.  Only complaint is their service is very iffy.  Sometimes we have a waiter who has to ask several times what we ordered and they even forget items you've ordered.  If the service was better, I'd be here more often.
This time we waited 50 mins for our food to come out. We came dring lunch time on Sat. People came after us got their food and we are still waiting. NOT HAPPY.
The food is really good. We like their food but the waiting time is too long and it kills the pleasure. People come later than us finish sooner. Twenty minutes is ok but we waited for over forty minutes. The last plate was not here after a whole hour so we had to cancel it.
My friend in Arizona recommended Curry Corner after finding it via the Food Network app. Overall the experience was good, but I don't think I'd return if I were in the area as I've had better Indian and Pakistani food.  We arrived on a lazy Sunday afternoon close to 12 and the place was quite empty. We sat at one of the few small tables against the wall and began debating what we should order.  We started with an order of the Tikka Masala fries, which I'd seen recommended on Yelp. They were good, especially the portions with feta cheese, but I'd recommend skipping them. The fries were pretty soggy, which is understandable, but the tikka masala sauce wasn't very flavorful or spicy.   I ordered the Vegetarian thali, a combination of 2 vegetable curries, lentils, rice, naan, yogurt, and a small salad. It was good, though the lentils were incredibly salty. The standout for me was the yogurt dip, which I found really refreshing. The curries were good, just not outstanding. Still, the price can't be beat for the amount of food you get.  My friend ordered the Arabic Plate, which is like the thali plates in that you get two kinds of curry (hers had chicken), lentils, biryani rice, hummus instead of yogurt, salad, and naan. I liked these curries better than my vegetarian ones personally.  The oddest part of our visit was watching someone, presumably an employee, wander back and forth between the kitchen and cleaning the outdoor windows. It made me feel slightly awkward about the potential for unsanitary conditions where my food was being made.  I'd honestly skip Curry Corner, but it's not a bad decision.
My husband and I are auditioning new Indian food places since our favorite, Royal Taj, will be closing soon. I figured Curry Corner would be a good place to start.  When we arrived, the owner sat us at a dirty table and didn't even notice the debris. It was the gentleman who brought out our water later that seemed to be embarrassed by the mess and immediately wiped the table.   I got the vegetarian thali so that I could try a few different dishes at once, and my husband got the chicken tikka masala since it's a good "comparison" dish. Our food came out fairly quickly although my naan lagged behind a few minutes. At least it was fresh and hot though very plain. The dal and chickpeas were the standouts in my dish. Tons of flavor for something so simple. My husband was happy with his chicken. He said the meat was tender, and the sauce wasn't overwhelmed with cream like at other places. He was hoping for a bigger portion, but for the price, it was a good value. The basmati was decent, but we prefer the more spiced version from our usual place.  Service was really lacking though. We had to ask for water. My husband's entree didn't come with a plate. No one checked up on us after the food arrived. We had to ask for the check. We observed other patrons who got wrong orders or orders that were forgotten altogether. The misspelled t-shirts worn by the staff "In Expensive Excellence" really irked me too. I would try Curry Corner again, but I might stick to takeout.
I don't understand why everyone loves this place. I went in with high hopes because of all the great reviews and recommendations from friends. We walked in, the place was totally empty and no server in sight. No music just a TV playing the food channel. After an awkward silent min a server comes out the back. Our server was totally awkward.  When the food was ready he literally brought one thing out at a time. The food was soooo boring. The blandest Indian food I have ever eaten. Maybe it's just the vegetarian items that is so tasteless?
Went with six of my Friends there. Great tasting food.   Strawberry Milkshake is really tasty. Fries are great. Biryani, Naans, Curris wonderful.    Affordable and Tasty..  Service could be better though.
This place is absolutely wonderful!!!!! The food is always great no matter how many times you order it. The Chicken Mahkni (I think that is how it is spelled) is an amazingly creamy and flavorful dish, especially with the Briyani rice. Great Tikki Masala too. You absolutely cannot go wrong with the Potato Naan, my husband requests an order just to himself.  I have only ever ordered out so I have had little experience with the full on customer experience, but the friendliness of the waitresses is hit and miss, but I cannot vouch for the dinning in experience. However, I still feel with the effort this place puts into making great food, it still deserves a full 5 stars.
Passing through Phoenix on a road trip and I went here because it had a good review online. Great samosas! My server recommended the chicken special of the day and it was excellent. He even gave me free garlic naan!
Casual, very casual, casual in many respects.  There is decent to good food here depending on what is ordered, and it comes out rather fast, and it is lower priced than most Indian restaurants in the valley.  But there are a few drawbacks to dining here.  Though you're paying a couple bucks less per entree, you're also in a not so clean place that has a lot of wear on it other than perhaps the newish large flat panel TV on the wall.  This was one of those times where I realized that maybe it is worth the price difference.  There was only one server for the entire little restaurant on our visit, so I can see how that was frustrating for the other table that was there before us but ordered after us.  The Mexican hot sauce (Cholula) on each table was an interesting observation.
Sure, the fishtank looks gross and the decor is far more shabby than chic, but nobody comes here for the ambiance. The FOOD, man, the food is incredible. There isn't a bad thing on the menu. The cheese naan is so wrong but SO RIGHT. The chicken tikka masala is on point, and the goat biryani is so tender and flavorful.
If you have just a bit of patience you will get really good food. My boyfriend had Indian food for the first time here and was not disappointed, despite him not liking spicy things particularly (the servers took note and suggested things with help from my Indian roommates).   I ordered the hummus which came with 2 pitas and the palak panneer, which was amazing and delicious. We all ended up not being able to finish our meals so we got doggy bags that sealed shut and a plastic bag.   It was also cool to see the Diners Drive ins and Dines spray paint stencil on the wall.
A small place, the food is great. The curry fries are fantastic and a must order! The staff is friendly and the decor is very cozy in an authentic traditional way.  I really enjoyed Curry Corner and will likely come back again
I thought Curry Corner was fantastic. I ordered something like a vegetarian sampler platter, and it was so good, I ordered a second entree immediately after.  Unfortunately, I don't remember the names of what dishes I had. But it was stuff that I don't typically see on south Asian restaurant menus, so I get the impression it's fairly traditional / authentic stuff. Not just mainstream "Americanized Indian" food. (Not that there's anything wrong with that!)  I will say that my (meat-eating) companions were not as enthusiastic about their dishes, but that has more to do with the fact that they don't really like curries and south Asian food, and less to do with Curry Corner specifically.  Also, service was a little slow and not terribly friendly. Oh, and the faucet in the men's restroom was leaking so much it was basically just On. I mentioned it to the waitstaff, so hopefully it's fixed by the time I've posted this.
Seriously, am I missing something???   I seem to be the only person who has had better Indian food.  The fam and I decided to give this place a try, even though it is very far from home, but with a recommendation like DDD, what could go wrong?  Well, first off, it's a bit chaotic when you walk in.  No real system to be seated and the tables are weirdly situated.  Once we were seated we were rushed to order... thankfully we mostly knew what we wanted.  I tryed the marsala fries, which were BY FAR the best thing we ate.  Those, I must say are amazing.  I also had a bite of the samosas, which were ok... not really that favorful, and the chicken tikka masala.  Honestly, it was ok, but I've had better... even from Trader Joes.  We also had the goat... this too was ok... better than the masala, but so fatty it was hard to eat.  So, long story short... if you live near here then perhaps hit it up.  Otherwise, check out some Indian food closer to home... that is my recommendation.  You're welcome.
I can only comment on the service as I never got to order. I stood at the door and was ignored numerous times by people walking in and out of the kitchen. When I finally asked to be seated, it seemed like they were being bothered or surprised by my request. After I sat down wherever I wanted, it was quickly evident that I wouldnt be served any time soon, so I just left.
Good tikka masala fries. Had lamb curry and chicken Korma. Just ok. Pretty spicy and tasted the same. Probably won't come back. Really needed a refill on my soda and was never offered one. Waitress didn't hear my request in passing me.
The first problem we had was upon entering the restaurant. All the seats are weirdly situated and there is no hostess or sign that says wait to be seated. All the tables and chairs were located either too close to a bathroom or too close to the kitchen since it is such a small place. The table configurations were also weird with one booth that had two tables. So imagine a normal booth and on each side there is one person and a table in between. Now imagine the same thing but with two tables in between making the distance between you and the other person twice as distant as before.  When I looked around the place it looked filthy and I did notice a fly that kept flying around, which is not something I want to see or deal with when I'm eating. The paint on the walls was brown which I can only imagine is there to hide the grime. I wonder when the last time was that the whole restaurant received a good cleaning. From the attitude of the waitress, I am doubt it has been recent. Additionally, the service station is visible and there was a tacky sign that said "EMPLOYEES ONLY" for the kitchen -- of course it is employee's only.  We had horrible service. Our waitress acted like she had somewhere better to be. She also ignored us when it came time to pay the check which we waited forever for. We tried to flag her down but she wouldn't look at us and literally walked out the front door -- doing who knows what -- only to return 15 minutes later!  I had the tandoori chicken. Overall the food was very bland; I wonder if there was salt and pepper used in the making of it. It all seemed pre-cooked. The sauce that it came with was okay. Parts of the rice seemed undercooked. It was like good rice mixed in with bad rice. The rice should be the same consistency throughout. When we got our coke it tasted like it had root beer in it. I wonder if that was because it literally had root beer in it or because the soda dispenser is not clean.   My clothes smell like curry which I could overlook had the place been good.  To the owner or manager who has been replying on all the bad reviews: don't bother doing that on this one. Just take ownership of the criticism and fix the problems. Stop trying to live off your old successes of being on a television show; there are obvious problems with reoccurring themes which you should clearly be able to see from the amount of times you've had to comment on bad reviews. You really need to call Restaurant Impossible.
After leaving the last review, the owner contacted me apologized and invited us to visit again. We have not go yet, but I will give a 5 start for their positive attitude  :-P I respect business owners that take their customer seriously.
Worst paneer tikka masala I have ever had. Had half of my food n left. Couldn't evn finish, it was that bad!!!  My friend ordered biriyani and Saag chicken it wasn't good either !! Oh and I forgot to mention the tikka masala was cold , uncooked , tasteless , salt less and very very watery !! Worst experience ! Nva coming back !!
I ordered curry and wasn't totally impressed, especially since this is the specialty.  Both of friends had excellent meals, but mine was just OK.  They did allow us to purchase beer (or wine) at the liquor store next door and bring it into the restaurant.  That is a rare privilege in Arizona.  I will go back and may even try a different type of curry.  The place was packed and everybody else seemed to be enjoying their meals.
I make a habit of visiting Food Network locations, and usually they are just as amazing as the show says...Curry Corner is just 'ok'.  I've had Indian/Pakistani food all over the country and this did not stand up to the hype on Food Network.  I've been there 3 times and have had the Chicken Tikka (featured), the Tikka Masala, and the Aloo Saag.  The Chicken Tikka was great, but the other two were the exact same dishes you'd find at any average Indian restaurant.  The food has also been luke-warm every single time, like it had been sitting for about 10 minutes before being brought out.  Food-wise this comes nowhere near the really good Indian places I've been...it's not bad, but not great either.  Now onto the service, which is where most of this review score comes from.  The customer service is TERRIBLE.  Everyone working there acts like they have no idea what's going on, like this is their first time in a restaurant and they don't know how it works.  My party of two had to wait for 15 minutes before being seated and there were only 2 other families in there.  They gave us literally 10 seconds to look at the menu before very briskly asking for our order, and then looking offended when we said we needed more time.  The food took WAY too long (and like I said felt like it had just been sitting), and the check took even longer.  We didn't have a consistent waiter, different people kept coming over to us and I really got the impression that they don't have any type of consistent system for waiting on their guests.  In general, everyone working there acts like they don't care that you came in and are deciding to spend your money there.  It makes me not want to come back.  CURRY CORNER: if you are reading this, go hire a consultant to come in and show you how to run a restaurant.  You really really need some help with this.  The restaurant itself is shabby and the tables and booths are arranged really awkwardly.  It's not particularly clean or festive looking and the fish tank is really really dirty.  I could see into the kitchen and that didn't look very clean either.  There is no music playing and it makes it way too quiet and awkward in there.    Sadly, I don't agree with Guy Fieri on this one.  You can find better food and better service at other Indian spots in Phoenix.
The food, amazing, try the garlic Naan and if you are a meat eater the Tandori Grill sampler is amazing but I also love the curries as the sauce is amazing with the Naan and the price, extremely affordable - generally about $10 a person and you will leave full. I was actually recommended to try this out well before it was showcased on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives. It is a culinary jewel right off of the light rail line.
If I could customize my diet 85% of it would consist of naan bread and egg rolls.  The potato naan here is my manna. The other dishes are solid representations from the mystical sub continent.  I do wish the chicken used in their tika masala was less Gandhi and more meat.
Would love to give this place 5 stars but the service is just so bad here. However, the food is really great!! Our waiter though seemed to be taking care of everyone else but us. Keep in mind this place is very small and wasn't very busy so I don't see why we had to wait so long for any attention. Took about 15 minutes before anyone even said a word to us. Be warned you seat yourself when you come in here and drinks are self serve. Maybe if they had 1 or 2 more waiters working they would be able to handle the customer flow.
Chicken in the Tikka Massala was dark meat which I don't care for. It was a bit grissly. Taste was fair and naan was fair also
Food was Ok.  Service was Ok. Our food came out at different times. Two dishes and naan... Then 10 min later the rice. Then five min later the other two dishes. The cheese cubes inside the paneer tikki masala was good, but the sauce initially tasted like speghetti sauce. The sauce looked different than the chicken tiki masala, which was spicier but tasty. The palak murg was devoid of any flavor but spiciness. Just mashed spinach in oil.
Love this place. Unfortunately I'm not in Tempe as often as I used to be so don't get to eat here as often as I'd like. The tikka masala fries are awesome as is pretty much everything I've tried from here. Its very well priced compared to some other Indian places I've eaten. I'm giving it 4 stars because I do think there is some room for improvement. For the price its great but I have had better Indian food. Definitely recommend trying it sometime.
They have a great variety of non-vegetarian food. But the vegetarian options aren't great. They use too much of color in the food! And the naan (bread) is always too hard.
I have eaten here many times, dining in and taking out. I come back for the food, but the service is driving me away. There has not been one time where they did not mess up the order, and the wait has always been trying.
After seeing it on tv we had to go try it. It was delicious. Everything was great. The chicken tandoori was perfect. I will be back and you should come try it !
I decided to try this place after searching for a good Indian place near me. There's quite a few options in Tempe, but since this place had good reviews I decided to give it a try.  Service was good and the prices were very good. I couldn't decide on what to get but the waitress suggested I try the Arabic Plate. It's not on the menu and has a few items on it. For $11 dollars its a lot of food. I opted for Garlic Naan with my dish. The Butter Chicken and Tikka Masala were delicious. The Hummus was good and the rice was tasty. The Garlic Naan was fresh and warm.   The service was good and the food was tasty. I will be back.
This place comes highly recommended within my little group of friends but Overall wasn't super impressed.  I ordered the tika masala chicken & it was super good one on the best flavored masala sauces I have eaten anywhere.  If only everything on the menu was this good.  My husband ordered goat.    It was mostly grissle and bones.  the little bit of edible meat was dry and tasteless.    Nann is also dry and tasteless.  Prices are expensive.  There is no buffet.  service is terrible (rude, sloppy, listless, and supper supper slow).
Ok, it was almost  a year since I ate here with my wife but I finally signed up for a Yelp account, so here we go...I have been itching to write a review on this place because it is one of those experiences that had such highs and such lows that it kind of eats away at you.....  We are celebrity chef nerds, and try to eat at places that we see on DDD, Anthony Bourdain, etc.  Visiting from Vancouver, B.C., we were looking forward to this spot.  We come from a city that has one of the worlds best Indian chefs, Vikram Vij.  I also had many Indian neighbours growing up.  Finding tin foil packages on the door step, filled with home cooked Indian food is a treat for sure.  Needless to say, we are well versed in quality Indian/Pakistani food.  I even learned many recipes and cooking methods from our Indian neighbours over the years.  Ok enough back up...  I will try to make it short...  For the most part, the food was great.  The curries/sauces were very flavourful and authentic.  The service was ok.  The server we had was a bit on the lacking food knowledge side.  Or at least how to communicate it in English.  We ended up getting what we wanted, so all was good.  Luckily I can say a few cuisine related words in Indian to help him out.  The one thing that was a HUGE disappointment was the goat.  I LOVE goat.  I have had goat at Vij's that makes you wish you ate goat several times a week. Good goat should be fall off the bone, slightly gamey, and like the best pot roast you've ever had but bettter.  The goat here was so bad, I couldn't eat more than half of it.  It was so chewy and gristly that it was embarrassing.  This was the dish that was featured on DDD, and the reason I thought about this place for months???  There is no way a restaurant should ever put out an ingredient that is so far off from its acclaim.  It's maddening.  The curry/sauce was SO amazing that it made it even more maddening.  I ended up having sauce with naan as a meal.  I may visit here again, but I really hope they take their reputation seriously and not follow the few that suffer the fame-to-fail route.  The sounds from all the reviews since my visit here tells me they might very well be going down that path.  It is for this reason that I refuse to try Barrio Cafe... At least until the reviews paint a better picture.
It's good. Just one issue: seems dirty
Pretty good.  + Located in a strip mall next to a tattoo shop. Lots of parking, which is a plus. + Staff are friendly and restaurant is clean. - Bathroom isn't so clean. + Food is good, and not spicy if you have a sensitive stomach. I think it could have used more of a kick, though, to be honest. - Flavors are solid but maybe a little watered down. I'd have to try more dishes to really say for sure. + Chicken tikka masala is a safe way to go if you've never had Indian food. + Reasonable prices.  I'll be back.
Like the food here. It has that "home cooked.. by mom"  taste. Their non veg thali is the best and so is the biriyani. I gave a star less for this place for 2 reasons... they do not know how to season the food.. too little salt and the guys attending you could be rude and intimidating. They could learn how to treat customers well. But if you think only about food..its a good place.
This place has such delicious food and I have never had a bad experience there. The cheese naan is out of this world good - it is light and flavorful and just the right combination of crispy outside and soft inside. I love that there are so many meatless options.   The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because every time I go, the water is constantly running in the women's bathroom. It never shuts off, and that bothers me. I hate wasting resources and for the water to ALWAYS run - that is a bit excessive to me  please fix your sink so I can update this review and change the rating to 5 stars!! Thank you!!
So we finally checked this place out based on Guy's recommendation on his show and I really just don't get it We ordered the garlic naan, rice biryani, chicken tikka masala and the chicken korma. The curries were both very thin and lacking the depth of flavors I am used to. The chicken korma really wasn't that good at all - the tikka masala was better but still not that great. I was really disappointed! The biryani was ok but lack luster. The best was the garlic naan probably. There are many other indian restaurants that are far supreme to this one (sorry to say). Although I am fine with dives, this place does need to work on its appearance inside. It just seemed not clean. Not going back. Sorry...
Came here late at night after a road trip near closing time - the staff was very accommodating and allowed us to dine in even though they were doing take=out only at that point.  The mango lassi was excellent - a little bit on the sweet side (I usually like it a little tart), but tasted like it was made from real mangoes rather than the prepackaged stuff. The chicken boti was some of the best I've tasted - the meat was juicy and fully flavored, and the spiced onions complement it nicely.  Though the atmosphere seems like it's geared towards the college crowd from nearby ASU, Curry Corner is a great place to get a nice filling meal, and I'd definitely consider coming back if I'm in town again.
This restaurant has average Indian food but the reason why it gets 2 stars is because of thier horrible customer service. Forgetting drinks, naan, and rice. Only bringing them after the meal was finished.
Copper Kettle in Tempe is now Copper Kettle in Chandler.  I had never been to the previous restaurant, but the new location opened up very recently (either this Tuesday or last Tuesday).    They offer a dinner buffet for $11, soda is $1.50.  There are a good selection of meat dishes, vegetable dishes, and some desserts.  Naan is served freshly baked at your table.    Although there is a wide selection of meat and vegetable dishes to choose from, not all of the dishes are labeled, so you are left with trying out "brown colored curry with mystery meat" or "light cream colored mystery blob."  Despite the variety, the dishes themselves were a bit hit and miss.  I wasn't a big fan of the pakora curry (or "light cream colored mystery blob" to some), it was a bit too sour tasting.  The chicken tikka masala was decent, and dessert was pretty good (gulab jamun, rice pudding, fruit custard), not extremely sweet like some desserts at Indian restaurants can be.  The naan was decent, not the best I've had but it came in a large basket and there was plenty of it to go around.    Generally, I like that they offer dinner buffet here, since most Indian restaurants offer lunch buffet only and just entrees for dinner.  I think India Oven in Mesa does a better job at their buffet in terms of quality of the dishes, but this restaurant will do if I'm in the area wanting a cartload of Indian food!
our new favorite place!  The waitress was SO helpful picking out foods we wanted to eat, and my 7-yr old even found something he liked.  I can't remember the names of the foods they got, but we asked her if the lamb was real, or some sort of steak-lamb or spam-lamb. She said it was real, but it seems and tastes more real in 2 particular dishes (one of which my hubby tried). Apparently the shish-kebob lamb is real but may taste pressed or look unreal or something, which must be common in various restaurants, because this is the first place he's found what seemed to be real lamb meat.  The chicken tikka tandoori was wonderful and a huge portion--all 3 of us ate from my plate. The naan at first tasted different, but when it cooled down, it was really really good (and huge).    The samosas were medium-sized; I have not been able to find those very small ones that they sell in other countries; guess I won't find them here in America.  Even the soft drinks tasted well-blended (often a problem in restaurants).  They took our Entertainment coupon gladly.   I didn't see any baby seats, and so we had to prop the car seat on a chair for our sleeping baby.  FYI we went during the week and saw no dinner buffet (maybe there was one? not sure) but she said it was PACKED on the weekends, so maybe it's only a buffet on the weekends.
We went to their lunch buffet.  They have moved into the space that was previously Indus Village.  Now, Indus Village had AMAZING food.  Copper Kettle's food has always been ok, but nothing to rant and rave about.  They used to be located on Dobson and Guadalupe but moved recently to this new location on Alma School and Warner.    The food quality seems to have gone down.  $11 for the lunch buffet.  Some of the dishes were COLD!!!!  I would not recommend.  Customer service is hit-and-miss depending on who is helping you.
Very poor service!! When we went, it wasn't even crowned but still service was super slow. There was one guy "Mohsin" running around.. Said okra & eggplant are same things.. Then got two cups of same dish when we had ordered two different dishes. Then didn't get 3rd dish & said "sorry, aunty left" :(... We were left hungry on a friends bday :(.. Apparently the chef sneaked out... Food quality was good but overall terrible experience !
= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =   So Copper Kettle in Mesa closed, following Copper Kettle in Tempe.  (Same family, different reasons).  The good news is that they have sprung back to life over here in the former home of Indus Village.  Like Indus, this restaurant is Pakistani, not Indian.  Much of the food is similar but they serve beef here & don't serve alcohol.  They have a Lunch Buffet, as they did at the other locations, & there's also a regular menu.*  Arlin B. joined me today to give it a try.  Formerly "Grumpy Uncle" from the Mesa location runs this new place, but he was totally friendly & nice today.  The food was excellent too, & he has gotten rid of most of those garish chairs that were hard to get in & out of when it was Indus.  What you'll get here is different, tasty food, with significant overlap in dishes to an Indian Buffet since, after all, Pakistan used to be part of India.  It's just different enough to make it special, so come help this new Copper Kettle get off to a good start!     :-))  * Lunch Buffet ($8.04) is served weekdays from 11 to 3.  They also offer a Dinner Buffet, with fancier food, from 5 to 9:30 PM on Friday, Saturday & Sunday.
Let me start off by saying, I am not new to the Copper Kettle, a friend introduced me to this place about a year ago, had been going to the on Dobson and Guadalupe .  I told my son since it was just him and I (he has 3 sisters, so it's rare when it's just him and I) we should go out to dinner, and I asked him if he is willing to try something different. He was game, but also my son likes to try new things out, and will even eat dishes I will not.  So I took him to Copper Kettle, when we walked in, we liked what we saw, what a nice set up this new place is. We were the only on there, but to be honest we were in the parking lot before 5 haha.  So I ordered a basket of onion stuffed naan bread, if you haven't tried it, you should, its naan bread with saut onions stuffed in the center of it! So dang delish!  My son ordered Lamb Karahi, which was lamb cooked with onions, tomatoes, yoghurt, ginger garlic paste, he loved it!  I didn't try it, like I said he will eat dishes that I am not brave enough to do, and Im not sure about lamb yet lol  I ordered my fav dish! Chicken Tikka Masala!! OMG tender tandoori grilled chicken that then simmers in this beautiful orange/red masala sauce that just sends your taste buds into this heavenly bliss!! Just can't get enough! I have left overs for lunch that Im already wanting LOL  Also ordered pea pulao, which is rice, brown onions, and peas with seasonings, I love it!  I am not a big rice eater, but I love this dish!!   Have to say I am happy the Copper Kettle moved closer to my house, now I can fill up on food and walk it off when walking home LOL  I will be back!
I've ordered take out from this place 4 times and I've loved everything I've tried.  Chicken tikka masala is my favorite, but I try to order other things as well.  The vegetarian balti is really good, as well as the channa masala.  This place is great, I'm so glad its around the corner from my place.  Can't wait to get a sitter sometime so my old man and I can try the buffet.
I was a big fan of their location in Mesa.  I'm glad they're a lot closer to me now.  The food here is good and flavorful.  I have no complaints.  As long as they continue to serve at least one goat dish on the weekends, I'll be happy.
Went on a Saturday night using our Entertainment coupon (which listed old address, had to call for new, they gave a nice apology). There was a party going on behind screens, all Pakistanis, women & girls in traditional wear, balloons, lots of children that were literally running though the restaurant, squealing with delight. Very glad we were not expecting a romantic dinner... We approached it as cultural diversity, chose to enjoy the loud, festive atmosphere. OK... A little annoyed when one of the little girls did a few particularly high-pitched repeated squeals, & one kid bumped my chair as they chased each other across the restaurant...  It was less than an hour of closing, so we asked if the buffet was not such a good idea (been out a while, no fresh coming). The kid waiter went to ask, and we appreciate that he returned reporting that the menu would be a better choice to insure quality.   Ordered lentil soup & sesame naan (new & listed on back pages). Lentil soup was soft yellow color, not darker lentils I'm used to. It was creamy with very small pieces of lentils. The flavor was more mild than I'm used to, but a subtle spicy. It was nice, no complaints. The sesame naan was fresh, crisp bottom, soft top layer, added a bit of salt and WOW delicious!! Lots of sesames on top, yum.  Then ordered chicken tikka masala, as I'm working my husband into such foods, and he for sure likes this dish. Nice white breast meat which he prefers, simmered in that divine red creamy sauce. I'd call it mild heat at best. I'd prefer a bit spicier, but perfect for my husband.   We brought our beverage with us, after calling to make sure it was okay. Nothing is mentioned on the website one way or the other. They were very accommodating for this, brought us glasses, and offered an opener to use. I am under the impression there's a seating size limit to such places & not sure they don't exceed it, so I'm going to stay vague so they/we don't lose this option! It was GREAT - kept our bill nice and low.  If it wasn't for the Entertainment coupon, we wouldn't have known to try them... Now we will be back!  4 stars not five because it was really good but not mind-blowing... It would take a big wow to have me give 5. Children thing doesn't affect score, as I know that was a celebration exception, and again chose to see it as a cultural experience. Omar works part-time, very nice, friendly, good customer service. He apologized for the chaotic environment, which was nice.   Saw grumpy uncle at counter, no smile, but we didn't have any interaction with him. We were waited on mainly by a nice kid with puffy black hair, seemed a bit timid but did fine with everything. Omar came to us and chatted at the end of the evening.
Been to this place a few times and I definitely recommend it. The buffet is great and so is the service  I haven't ate here in a while and really need to go back!
Was not very impressed with my experience here. Saturday night, came in for their weekend dinner buffet. Selection was okay and one could tell that some of the recipes were unique and traditional.. Just didn't get the impression that much care/attention was given to the quality or presentation of the buffet...    Beef kabobs had some flavor but were a bit dry. Chicken tikka and chile chicken were tasty. Good cauliflower dish, beef meatballs were bland, and as many have said - the naan is more like a sauteed fluffy pita bread... No goat or lamb (bummer!)    I got my fill, and may try it again sometime - but will continue looking for my go-to spot in Chandler/Gilbert.
Highly recommended... Great service.. Reasonable price.. Buffet selection is perfect.. Will definitely coming back..
Food was really good... And it stops at that. Service sucks! Especially at night.. There was one guy who I am presuming is the owner. He didn't seat us but just told us to find our own seats. He came and gave us menus and when we asked what he recommends he mumbled something and we had to turn our heads to look at him. Like literally turn our heads all around and he wouldn't look anybody in the eye. When he brought out the food he didn't tell us which dish is which and when we asked if he can name the platters again he mumbled and walked off. What kind of service is that??? We had to walk over to the other tables and get our own forks and napkins. He didn't come once to check up on us to see how the food is, if we need anything etc. The most unfriendly socially awkward owner/waiter I've ever seen. Also, portions are small. If the owner wants to keep his business around, he should be smart enough to take this review in consideration and improve on all of the above.
We had similar experience last time but we thought of giving another chance when a friend insisted.  Buffet dishes were in Really bad condition, looked old even though it was Friday evening.  They promised to give fresh nan, once came out and said 'naan jal Gaye, making again'. Second attempt naan were under cooked.  Owners: Please get professional cook and staff if restaurant needs to continue. Staff was really friendly and seemed nice people but that's not enough for a dining place.  Take out food is always tasty though.
The best Chicken Tika Masala I have ever eaten! Great friendly service.  Great selection on the buffet and very flavorful.  The naan is fresh and delivered hot to your table.
We eat "Goop" for lunch once a week. The lunch buffet is great. I love all the vegetarian dishes and usually stuff myself. We are always greeted immediately when we walk in and our drink orders are brought to the table with fresh naan as soon as we get our plates filled and sit down. The owner is very nice and we love eating here.
Food is amazing! I gave it 3 stars because of the service. The last time i was here, everything was great but this time was not  what we expected. When we came in the young latina girl sat us and then said "we have buffet available" asked for our drink order then left, so we guessed we had no other choice then other than buffet. She was on her phone the entire time, she didn't come refresh our drinks until we asked, still on her phone and only came by our table to give us the check and rush us out. Please train your servers on customer service because i love the food here but really disliked the service this time.
I ate at this place years ago when it was at its old location and would not have recommend it.  I loved the restaurant that was previously at this location, before Copper Kettle moved in (Indus Village), but sadly they closed down.    Last year I ate at Copper Kettle and it was horrible.  But I have been here twice in the last month for their dinner buffet, and the food has been amazing each time.  They must have a new cook, because I am now a fan.  Could be a tad bit cheap though.
Have catered from Copper Kettle for parties and their dishes are always good. Biryani, Nihari, Afghani Boti are consistently a safe bet if you do not have time to cook up a spread yourself. Once we got a batch of bad biryani and as soon as we called then about it, they got new trays started for us. While sending out bad biryani is never a good idea, they redeemed themselves right away by fixing the problem. I still get food from them.
I have been to Copper Kettle multiple times and in the past and when i say past i am talking about couple of years ago when they weren't at there current location.  So i was at copper kettle couple of weeks ago with my family for their buffet and long behold the food which was being served i can swear was from the night before. I mean come on people make some fresh food if you want people to come back and eat. I told me family this place was so good when i was doing my rotations that i have to go there again but was extremely disappointed. The only reason this place is getting 2 stars is because it was clean and the Naans were fresh and good :)
I had the buffet and my husband ordered curry off the menu. We were both very happy with our food. The buffet selection was vast and varied. The potato curry was to die for! Icing on the cake was a huge plate of fluffy, fresh naan brought to the table.   The only reason I'm giving four stars instead of five is because their chai tea was less than stellar. Overall a great meal!
The chicken tikka masala was awesome! :) This place was empty when we walked in- It felt a little awkward. The food was good but there was only one guy who was doing the waiting. He refilled our drinks, and then brought out our food. Thats it. The food was awesome though.
The food was fair to medium; however, when we presented a purchased Copper Kettle discount coupon management rejected it on the grounds the restaurant had recently moved its location and the address on the coupon was no longer relevant, voiding the coupon's value. This is the first I have encountered a bait & switch restaurant scheme.
So I've been looking forward coming to this establishment for months and finally last night my inlaws were in town and wanted them to try Indian for the first time.  First of all I didn't realize that it was a buffet - my #1 faux pas for Indian cuisine.   Second the service though she was friendly was not good.   Only two tables occupied in the place and drinks took forever and I had to get up and ask for the check.  And finally the place itself felt off -random Egyptian art on the wall to name one but just didn't feel the warm and fuzzy walking in there.   Not sure if I'm going back.
Better than most of other Pakistani restaurants. Sometimes they are weird with their servings burn the hell out of food pr serving is too less.
I have had take out twice recently. The first time I placed my Oder, it was never put into the computer and the girl who took my Oder went home. They were friendly, apologetic and quick to prepare our food. It was tasty but not the best I've had. The paneer tikka masala was what  we ordered.  The second time we ordered we got the palak paneer, lamb korma and the paneer tikka masala. This time around the food was mainly oil!!! The lamb korma looked like oil with lamb in it. I'm not exaggerating. The palak paneer was fairly tasteless and oily as we'll. the tikka masala was oily but tasty still.    After tonight I will not be returning. I doubt their food is always  this oily but I would rather not risk it happening again. The amount of oil was almost comical it was so much.
Had buffet - really disappointed. They don't have appetizers and call it a buffet and very far from authentic Indian food
service sucks. Food is below average. not good with kids.
I order take put from here and the food is great.  The chicken tikka masala is delicious.  I love the Channa masala, samosa, and garlic naan are awesome.  It has been pretty slow when I pick up my food (which I don't understand since the food is excellent).  I had the okra balti today and it was a hit with my family.  Check the place out.
= = = = = =  YES, MOVED AGAIN!  = = = = = =  Copper Kettle here lives on in a new location closer to the popular student clientele.  Whip on over to 1250 E Apache Bv., Tempe, very close to where this family had their delicious Buffet going around the corner on Lemon St., years ago.  (Remember sweet (not "surly!") Auntie?     :-)  I love the newest Copper Kettle version & gave their daily Lunch Buffet 5 Stars over there!  (See today's Review below.)     :-))
This restaurant just recently opened.  I checked out the place today for lunch.  Lunch is served buffet-style, with over 8 different dishes to choose from.  Everything was really good, & many of the dishes are at least a little spicy.  My favorites were the basmati rice, chicken fried rice, hot chicken wings, & chicken tikka masala.  They serve up some naan to the table & that was very good too.  Everything was very rich & flavorful & you can tell they use high quality ingredients for all their dishes.  I special ordered a non-dairy mango lassi & it was delicious!  Vicky was the guy that ran the place there.  He was great!  He didn't give me the feeling he was hovering but he was there to refill my water glass when needed, & he also brought out some chicken kabob from the kitchen for me to try.  That was also delicious!  He also knows how to create some ambiance - when there was a younger crowd that came in, he changed up the music to something that they would like.   This is a great place for some top quality Indian food.  At $5 per person for a lunch buffet (drinks excluded but also extremely reasonable), you can't find anything else that comes close in price & quality.  If you're in the area, you should go check it out!
Wow, another brand new Buffet, & is it ever good!  This is a small Pakistani place serving about 40.  The food is unusual compared to the other Indian & Pakistani Buffets in the Valley, a little spicy, & everything I tried was just great!  There were about 20 items out today, which is enough, & some hot flat bread was brought to my table.  The staff is friendly & the Buffet VERY inexpensive at $5.95!  If you have a sense of adventure in your dining, you want this!!     :-))  They keep Halal, open at 11 AM, & are closed Monday.
It is definitely delicious and worth it for the price of the lunch buffet! However, be warned that that is all they have during lunch. My brother, who had been here before for dinner (no buffet), said there was a completely different atmosphere for dinner and that the food was about 10 times better. Staff is friendly and thought we were cute since we were the only non-Indians around (probably one of the few Chinese groups they too haha). Whatever you do, don't get the sweet paan (some coconut and other stuff wrapped in a leaf of some kind)!! They made it sound wonderful, and I was tricked. I wasted $1 on each of them and left with a mouth tasting like soap (my palette, albeit, clean). Otherwise, good experience. Will have to come back for dinner some time.
Great, newly managed, Indian restaurant with an amazing lunch buffet!  My girlfriend and I were looking for a Indian buffet place so that she could experiment with some different Indian cuisine as she is new to Indian; we found this place on Yelp.  The buffet was small but the food was fresh!  The staff was friendly and the owner stopped by to make sure we were enjoying our meals.    Great food, great service and extremely low priced.  We were almost thrown off by a $5.95 lunch buffet (weekdays it's $4.95) ; but decided to give it a shot anyways.  We were very impressed and look forward to going back before the price increases (owner indicated that they were keeping it low to incentivize new patrons).    Wonderful, quaint restaurant in the Chandler area.  Give it a shot!
What a bargain this place is, veryyy inexpensive and real indian food. The buffet is really good and the service was very personal, the owner of the restaurant came over several times to our table and gave very good advice on what to get. Everything was fantastic.
Went for dinner on a weeknight. Prompt courteous service and decent food.  Low prices.  We did not see a menu just asked for the special.  Great way to try out new food.  We will be back to try the buffet for lunch.
Great find.  Authentic delicious food, great service, family owned.  Love it.
My wife and I have visited the Kabob & Kurry a number of times, and we have always loved their great food.  Definitely the best $5.95 that I ever spend on lunch!  Unfortunately, the shopping center lacks an anchor tenant so very few people know that this little gem even exists.
This review is for dinner that I ordered to go -   I will go back for lunch (buffet style) soon and update my review.  The owners are SUPER nice and friendly.  Chicken Tikka Masala was very tasty, big chunks of premium meat. Spices were good. Only draw back was there werent many pieces of meat, maybe 5-7.  Naan  was slightly above average, two large halves.  Dinner portions seem priced high, since they don't come with rice or naan. I spent $15 for these two items.
Very good.   The good: The food quality is top shelf. Made to order. The owner couldn't be nicer, which is rare in Indo/Pakistani places sometimes.   The bad: Small restuarant thrown together on a shoestring budget, the strip center where it is located is kinda dead and somber. The NAan is the only dish that is definitely below average for the food. The food is so good it deserves a nice thin garlicy Naan bread and not that thick pizza dough type they are serving with it.  We will definitely be back.   Note: The buffet, is not a you serve yourself kind, she brings you a fresh sampler platter as you request it and it's great!
= = = = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE WEEKEND LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =  These folks are only putting out the buffet on Saturday & Sunday now, starting at 12 noon.  On weekdays, you can order a combo plate and get all the seconds you want, free.  The owner says it's ok if you want three or four different items also.  They just don't want to waste food on days they don't do as much business.  For me, it's worth the wait for Saturday or Sunday & have real Buffet at this excellent little Pakistani restaurant!     :-))
We've been here twice. We saw an ad somewhere, and drove over since it's fairly near our home. The restaurant looks like an average small restaurant in an average strip mall. We got there at 11:00 on a Saturday and were told they opened at 12:00. The sign outside said 11:00, but who are we to argue, so we went and wasted time at Goodwill till 12:00. Then we went back.  We almost skipped it, because it didn't look like it would be worth an hours wait., I'm glad we waited. Don't expect a review saying this dish tasted like it was made in Pakistan or that dish as reminiscent of one we had on the shores of some Pakistani river. I don't know the names of the food, and I don't know what it tastes like in whatever country.  It was really good. I don't know what I eat at these places, but I know what I like and I like the food here. There's hummus, which  I DO recognize, and I don't like hummus, but my wife does, and she  liked it a lot,, so I'll defer to her and say it was very good. I had different dishes with chicken, and some with beef, and some meat balls. All were delicious. The thing my wife and I BOTH drooled over was the naan., It's the best I've ever tasted. It's plain naan, not garlic or any other flavoring. It doesn't HAVE to be, it gets its taste from the foods you eat with it.   Please, do yourself a favor and try this place out. We've only been here for the Saturday buffets, but I imagine since the full menu is usually better than the buffets in most places, you can't lose any way you go.
Based on all the Yelp reviews that I read, I decided to take a ride to Kabob & Kurry. Those of you who have read my reviews know that I don't mince words.  It is what it is.  So here is what I have to say about K&K: Distance:  a little far from my house, but that is my problem Decor:  Very simple, but nicely done. Cleanliness:  Excellent from all appearances (although I did not check the kitchen) Bathroom:  Very, very clean (good indicator of the place) Service:  Very friendly. The server offered us water several times and came to see if we liked the food. Food: The buffet had a variety of middle eastern and Pakistani dishes that were kept well stocked.  And the taste of the food was: DELICIOUS, DELICIOUS, DELICIOUS, DELICIOUS, DELICIOUS, DELICIOUS. That is all I have to say:  DELICIOUS! Did I say DELICIOUS???? But of course I said, DELICIOUS. You have to get to this DELICIOUS buffet and try it for yourself.   As for the YELP rating... How do I give a place 10 stars?   I will be back because as I said to you before, it was: DELICIOUS!
My fiance and I read the fantastic reviews online so we popped in today for lunch. We ate the buffet and definitely will be back. The staff is super friendly and gets to know you on a first name basis. Food is awesome and the warm garlic naan delivered to the table is to die for. We learned today that they also cater! Stop in and give it a try, we are glad we did!
great food and service . I tried flavors i never tasted beforeee  and i love them !!!
Excellent food for reasonable prices. I've been there three times now, and the food has been top quality each time. The place is as unassuming as a restaurant can get, with little in the way of decoration, but the focus is on the personal service and the delicious food. Last time I was there, we were served by the man (I assume the husband of the hostess), and after our meal the hostess ran out into the parking lot after we left to thank us for coming and to apologize for not taking a more active role in our service. She said she was not feeling herself that day, but she hoped we enjoyed our visit. We did indeed enjoy our meal, but I've never had anyone run out of the restaurant for us or (despite the food coming out quickly, hot and delicious and all our needs met in a timely manner) apologize for being less attentive than usual. She's a delight. Each time I've eaten there, she has come over to our table and asked how we came to eat there, asked if we liked the food, asked where we were from and chatted with us. The personal attention we got each time was as heart warming as the peppers in the food.  And now for the main attraction, the food. I've eaten Indian food at several places in Pittsburgh and Chicago, and they're tasty and I enjoy eating them. This food was a whole different experience. If you've ever had authentic mexican food as compared to tex mex or normal americanized mexican food, that was the difference between this and the food I'd had in the other restaurants. The sauces and spices were rich. The rice of the chicken biryani was aromatic and flavorful. I never liked chana masala at other restaurants because the chickpeas overpowered the flavor of the sauce, and were mealy. The chana masala at Kabob & Kurry was delicious! I can't get enough of it. The chickpeas give the dish substance and texture and the velvety spice bouquet of a sauce makes me salivate just remembering it. The great thing about the buffet (aside from the unbeatable price) is the variety. Indian/Pakistani food is best eaten with a variety of dishes so you can mix and contrast the strong yet subtly crafted flavors of each dish. The buffet is put out on weekends, and on weekdays, they bring out several dishes to try and pass around so as not to waste food on the buffet table. I couldn't tell you what I had from the buffet any time I went, but everything was delicious and keep me coming back and craving for Kabob & Kurry when I'm out of town.  A few recommendations: The garlic naan was very flavorful and went well with everything. The hummus was out of this world. I eat other hummus and I had to stop after a short while because my mouth gets sore. This didn't do that. The flavor was sublime, and it was the smoothest texture I've had in a hummus. Simply divine. If you don't mind a little adventure, it's well worth trying several different and new dishes, but if you're eating a dish and you don't know what a particular vegetable is, there's a good chance it's a hot pepper, and if it is, there's a good chance it will bring tears to your eyes. Overall, the food is spicy, but not to the point where it's overwhelming or interferes with the flavor of the food, but if you eat a pepper, you'll know it for sure. Along those lines, the side salad is good for heat mitigation, and the mango lassi (a yogurt based yogurt drink) is a liquid dream. And if you're like many people who don't know what anything on the menu is or think the food is unapproachable, the staff is very friendly and are more than happy to make recommendations. They'll take care of you. Of that you can be sure. I can't recommend this restaurant highly enough. I've never been to that part of the world to tell you if it's authentic or not, but the food is exactly what I'd imagine authentic food to be. I honestly ate there about 5 days ago and am already itching to go back. I hope you give them a shot.  One last thing, I saw in a few reviews that they thought the dinner dish prices were a bit high, but in my (admittedly limited) experience, the dinner prices are right in line with other comparable dish prices at Indian restaurants for higher quality food. I think Indian/Pakistani food runs a bit expensive compared to, say Chinese food or other similar cuisines, but the prices and the time to prepare each dish is much higher, so for what you're getting, I think the price is justifiable. It's just a shame, because like I said earlier, Indian food is best when you're able to try several different dishes at once. Just something to keep in mind with the individual dishes, and to gawk at when you consider the dirt cheap buffet price.   TL;DR Excellent food, personable service, totally unassuming, go there, you won't be disappointed.
= = =  FRIDAY THRU SUNDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = =  Stopped back in here today for the Lunch Buffet, which is now held on Friday through Sunday each week.     :-)  This is a small, simple restaurant with just a 10-item Buffet, but the food is very tasty & some of the dishes have been brand new to me on each of my visits.  Today's selection included Choup Chicken, Chicken Kadai, Chicken Tikki Masala, Daal Palak, mixed vegetables, warm red Suji Halwa, Chana Masala and Basmati Rice, with warm Naan bread brought to the table and Farni rice pudding for dessert..  The three chicken dishes and the Chana Masala were especially good.  Lunch Buffet is priced low at $6.99 and if you enjoy South Asian food, you're sure to like this place!     :-))
This review is for eating there. We have never tried their buffet, so don't know about that.. The service was horrible though one saturday night we ate here. very slow service. we were practically filling our own drinks at the fountain.. no condiments brought with food. no chutneys brought with pakora.. forgot to bring our drinks.. super expensive lassi.. paneer dish had practically no paneer in it, it was mostly all onions.
Great service and amazing food. Flavors and heat are just right. Will return again and again !
I was pleasantly surprised by their Garlic Naan And their Chicken Tikka Masala. The naan was soft and pillowy and the masala had chunks of good quality chicken. This restaurant is really tasty.
Before coming here we had gone over to Copper Kettle only to find the entire restaurant closed for a private party.   I yelped the nearest Indian and Kabob n Kurry had decent ratings and fairly close to where we were.      We ordered the vegetable qourma, chicken tikka masala, garlic naan, samosa's, and mango lassie.    The vegetable qourma was a mixed back of frozen vegetables that was to put it mildy disgusting.   Chicken tikka was actually not bad - however more sauce that chicken.   And the chicken pieces were small I felt like I had to fish into the bowl to find them.   Garlic naan was weak - too thick, had the consistency of a focaccia bread.   Lassie was actually pretty good.   Samosa i think were frozen bought also - very thin and fried to so hard it was tough to even cut w/ a knife and fork.  Staff consisted of young girl and an older women who claimed she ran the place.   Young girl was very inexperienced, never came back to refill our waters, and forgot our samosas (there were two other tables w/ guests!).   Manager was more involved in checking herself out in the glass window and texting on her phone; though she did ask us how we were doing it was not very genuine.  I'd recommend elsewhere for Indian food.
For starters let me tell you that this place far exceeds most Indian/Pakistani restaurants in the valley.  But I also wont give anyone and everyone five stars just for food.   What makes me kill the stars in this place is the following:  1) Service: the sole server probably has never served before professionally and lacks the service skills required to be a good server. Things like having difficulty witth the order, 1st check back 35 minutes after initial order. Conversing with the kitchen staff in plain earshot of the dining room.  So impressed by a dish she saw for the 1st time she took a picture of it with her iphone at the diners table (with permission of course but that was weird).   2) Value for the money (this is the big one):  If these dishes were a few dollars less I would be in here every few days. I just by principle dont want to pay much higher prices for foods that shouldnt be that high priced. The average entree is $10+. So I ordered 3 entrees 3 naans and 2 soft drinks and left with a check over $40 before tip.  The same exact meal in other valley restaurants will be closer to $30.    So there are a lot of interesting eccentricities of this place. Its owned by a local physician who I happened to see tonight probably post-surgery since he was still in surgical scrubs who came in just for a soda and then left.   Their are a number of menu items that you have to order in advance at least 24 hours to have... one such item which was apparently the only one ever sold in that restaurant is called the Dual Kabab... its an indian tur-duck-en because its a chicken kabab wrapped in a beef kabab. Its easily 2-3 inches in diameter and resembles a kielbasa.   I called in advance and the waitress forget she had high chairs and said they didnt have one. They only have one so word of caution: BYOB : Bring your own Booster!  Overall this place has potential to be a competitor in this market of Indo-Pak food that was for the longest time monopolized by a few large players. What they really need to do is bring their prices in line with reality and get a little service staff and this has a chance of becoming a real killer place!!
Excellent food and service, only thing would be that the portions are a little small for the price
I went here with a groupon.  I was very dissapointed with the food.  We ordered sweet and sour chicken and curry chicken.  The food was served in a small soup crock.  The S and S chicken had a very very small amount of meat, it was mostly bones mixed into a broth which was actually not even safe since you had to hunt for the bone to not eat one by accident.  The dish was 13.00 and worth about 1.00 at best.  I would not eat here again even with a groupon.
This is my go-to place for Pakistani/Indian cuisine due to its proximity to my home and the exceptional quality of their food. The naan here is simply better than any other  Desi restaurant. My favorite thing to get are the chicken wraps, which I highly recommend. On the few times we've catered from them they have had nice prices and excellently prepared food on a prompt schedule.
Portion sizes are extremely small, which is weird for an indo-pak restaurant. Food is alright. The owners were nice so they get 2 stars for that. Probably won't be coming back here.
Great staff, great Naan.  The food is ok
Groupon visit. Looking at past reviews the primary gripes are price and speed. Confirmed. It was not a cheap date -$41 for an appetizer, two entrees, two naans, a fountain drink, and a lassi. In spite of this, I loved the food. The appetizer we had was the pakora - in this case it was just onions, but it was excellent. For entrees I had the chicken seekh kabob and my dinner partner had the pearl chicken kabob ( I found it to be "Meh" but my dinner partner loved it). The seekh kabob, as near as I can tell, is chicken kefta with chile flakes - you know, all these cultures in Alexander's empire have the same basic variations of meat on a stick, so some overlap should be expected. As far as I can tell, the kabob items are all served with a pile of raw onions mixed with cilantro and raita (cucumber/mint yogurt condiment), but I enjoyed the sweet/piquant flavor of the onions with my kabobs.  The naan was super buttery, but the taste of burnt garlic really hangs around a bit too long and too strong. I suspect that's an acquired taste. Pro tip: order too much and take some home - I made a breakfast of my seekh kabob leftovers, including the onions and raita, and loved it. So what brings this place down the three stars?  Service is a bit slow (thankfully I wasn't in a rush) and the prices are a bit steep. Also they were out of beef. I really wanted that beef seekh kabob, but if I guess right I didn't miss anything as it's just kefta with chile flakes.  Will I go back? Yeah, I think so. There's enough on the menu to hold my interest.
So so food. Not tasty at all. Its at the same standard as others Pakistani restaurant. Tasteless food all over the place in phoenix region.  i still like and prefer curry corner over other Pakistani restaurant out here.
Been here twice and already I see a pattern. The first time was just after the Groupon came out and they were crazy busy, so I wasn't going to ding them. This time, we were the only people for dinner but they were out of several things.  The service was slow and clumsy.  The food is GREAT but portions are too small. Prices are too high and everything costs extra.  I want to like them more, but the food stands alone as the only good part.  Oh and the interior is absolutely painful. Cheap tables and bright fluorescent lights.  Operating rooms have more ambiance.
A big group of friends and I went to Kabob n Kurry for my husbands birthday. It was absolutely wonderful! The staff was friendly and the food was delicious. There were about 10 people in the group and we were all really impressed and each one of us said we would come back. We got the lunch buffet platters and it was great to be able to try so many different things. The chicken tikka masala was probably the best I've ever had. The kabob was different than I've had before (a ground meat and spice mixture rather than seasoned cuts if meat) and i really enjoyed it. Super flavorful! My other favorite dish was a side dish of potatoes. We joked and called it Indian style potatoes au gratin. My cousin (who had recently returned from India)!said that kabob n kurry is the most authentic Indian food he's had in the states. We'll be back for sure!!!
Wasn't quite what I expected in terms of the buffet and decor but food was pretty good and service was outstanding and that made the visit worthwhile
Excellent food, great service, and friendly people.  If you like the cuisine, you have to to try K & K!
Horrible food! We had the dinner buffet and there was barely anything left on the buffet counter. The quality of food they served for $11.99 is unbelievably bad. Extra salty dishes, half-done naan, weird tasting chicken tikka masala- very bad experience.
Food was good--  the tikka masala was incredible, as was the naan. Everything else was good, just not outstanding.  Was a bit disappointed that our Groupon was not honored-- the hostess said that the previous owners posted the Groupon and they've been trying, unsuccessfully to have it removed. She made up for it with quality service.... we were the only people in the place at the time, so we had her full attention.  When I'm in the mood for Indian/Pakistani food...I'd go back.
We went to Kabob n Kurry recently since we had a Groupon to try it.  The night we were there, they were serving buffet.  There were four main dishes offered, with varying spice levels, as well as mixed green salad, rice and a dessert.  This is a tiny, family-run restaurant in a strip mall, and it would be easy to miss if you weren't looking closely.  We met the owner's daughter, who was very welcoming and gracious, and spent some time just chatting with her.  I hope to get back here soon and order from the regular menu.
Came here lunch today and the service and food was absolutly incredble. All the food was the perfect spice level for my friends and I. Garlic Naan was nice and soft. ill definantly be back.
Went to Kabob tonight for dinner and it was absolutely amazing! I'm super picky when it comes to indian food but this actually hit the spot. I told my server what level spice I wanted because i'm scared when it comes to choosing the levels of spiciness but the cook definitely got it right! We will definitely be back again soon!
Tried this place for the first time the other day. The food was pretty good! I had the chicken tiki masala with some naan. Really really tasty! My only issue on why I only have 3 stars, was that the service was a bit odd. I walked in and ordered to go, but she told me the price at first was $14.95 (I got tiki masala and one piece of naan ... A bit pricey in my opinion) then she forgot what she said, and decided to charge me $16.95, but then charges my card $1695.00. It was fixed, and luckily my card did not get shut off, but still a bit sketchy when I'm told one price and get charged another. Still would go back and try it again!
The biryani is the real deal! The kabobs are very delicious too :D This is our go to place when we crave biryani!
We had missed Aromas which had been in this space. Kabob is a worthy replacement. Went today for the lunch buffet. Very delicious food well prepared. A mango chicken that was fantastic, a goat soup that looked good. The rice is outstanding as was the dal. Had a nice mango lassi. Will definitely go back.
Very Disappointed.  Came in to grab lunch, a wrap to go.  What I got was a naan with a few teaspoons of chicken and chutney...for $7!!  They didn't even give me a bag to carry it home in.  Will not be returning.  I see the good reviews, and all I can think is that people haven't had good Indian, or perhaps the sit down experience is much better than the to-go.
It is the worst indian/pakistani restaurant in my recent past.  I bought a Groupon for $25. Groupon said I can use for buffet. So I went for Sunday buffet. Most of the indian restaurants have good sunday buffet. But When I entered the restaurant, it was empty. The owner was talking in phone (in a high pitched tone). She asked me to sit wherever I like. I was ignored for next 5-10 minutes. I was not offered water / menu. Then a girl (who is supposed to be bearer) came and asked me whether anybody took order. I said no. She didn't show any interest in getting the menu as well. Then I asked for buffet. She said buffet will be a Thali (a plate of food with 5 options). But I don't have any option to choose. They asked whether I will eat chicken. Then they brought a plate of food with some cheap vegetables and chicken. When I asked for bread, bread arrived which was rock hard. There is no appetizer or dessert in this so called buffet.  When I asked for dessert, she said I can buy separately.  I will never visit this restaurant and recommend to anyone
Wonderful place. Don't let the outside appearance deter you. Inside the place is clean and cheery. The owners and people working are very friendly and the food is amazing. I went once and am hooked. Everything is cooked fresh and has tons of flavor. Prices are very reasonable. My favorite dish is the chicken qorma with garlic Naan. Definitely go with garlic naan. Fresh breads are always great and the garlic on this stuff is perfect amount. I've tried the other curry based dishes and have never been anything short of impressed. If you like Indian food this is a place you need to check out. If you have not tried it before this place is a great spot to start. Their food isn't anything a non-adventurous type couldn't enjoy. Really anytime ethnic food is made fresh and authentically you can't go wrong.
Don't be disheartened by the initial cheap setting and weird/pathetic interior. If anything, that's authentic desi styling and sure enough it was a true sign of the good food to come. Little pricey considering the somewhat small serving sizes but tasted great! kebabs are very soft but everything was (thankfully!) spiced just right - not over or underwhelming. my fav dish is always chicken tikka masala and though they flavor it with a slight twist, it was great. naan is nice n soft and sizes are big. biriyani was a bit skimpy on the meat, but the rice was good. would've been even better if they offered raita.   oh, one BIG warning, the mango lasse - normally a drink I love - literally tasted diseased. idk what it was but we all agreed. maybe it was just a bad day for them? and at the time their kulfi machine hadn't come in, that would've really hit the spot. overall, I left stuffed and happy :)  btw, props for the website and well-written menu. if they can do those things well I'm sure they can carry that over to the interior designing aspect too. really need fix the lighting, change the pictures/decorations to something that make sense (the drums were a nice piece tho), the brown paint and spanish theme has got to go, replace the jadoo box with real satellite desi tv, and please upgrade the tables, table cloths and chairs :)  bottom line is you judge a restaurant by its food and this one delivers. congrats on the new business and wish it much success!
I was sooooo looking forward to a great review considering that I visited Zaidi's Grill because of Yelp's reviews.  The people couldn't be nicer so I wish that I had better news.  I wanted beef samosas but they didn't make them anymore.  The chicken patty is also no longer made.  They had pakora's but I don't want vegetables battered and fried. (I'll eat my calories at Hagen Daaz thank you.)  My eating partner had the chicken boti which comes a la carte but they added about a half a cup of rice as a bonus.  Very nice.  We had the roti which was puffy but nothing to write home about.  I had a beef dish (can't remember name)  that consisted of a piece of beef with a sauce that seemed to have file(fee-lay) powder in it --the stuff they use in New orleans to thicken Gumbo.  First, I had to scoop out about 8 tablespoons of oil from the top of the dish onto another dish.  I spent some time doing this so much so that the owner realized what I was doing.  He politely assured me that it was only vegetable oil (as opposed to butter, I guess). I told him that I really didn't want the calories of the oil (also concerned about stomach's reaction to so much fat, but I didn't say this to him).  So all in all, my eating partner had an average meal and I ending up packing the meal and frankly I don't know what I am going to do with it.  By the way, they served a very tasty hot sauce which is house made.  As I said before, the owner/server could not have been nicer.  I was so disappointed considering I adore this type cuisine.  Wish I could have had a better experience.  By the way, there was no one in the dining room on a Friday night.  Not a good sign.
I too wanted to like this place. I love an Indian buffet, but I didn't love this one. The qorma, dal, and kofta lacked richness. The biryani rice was just okay, the veggies weren't fresh and the vegetarian squash dish was pretty good, but oily. I always enjoy a good piece of naan, unfortunately I didn't find it there. It was more like pita bread. The tastiest items at the buffet were the chicken boti (which I prefer boneless) and the pakora. I don't know the difference between Pakistani and Indian food. I'm used to eating Indian food, so maybe this is typical for Pakistani fare. Either way, it was just OK. Although Tempe is outta the way, they're Indian food doesn't disappoint me.
Let me start by saying that the food at this place is excellent and very reasonably priced.  If you like Indian food, you'll like this place.  However, while you'll find many things that you can get at an Indian restaurant, there are slight differences, perhaps due to the Pakistani part of this "Indo-Pak" cuisine.  Service is warm, curteous, and good.  You'll be made to feel at home.  The restaurant building appears to have been a convenience market at one time.  It is spartan but clean.  No elegance here.  This is a book that you should not judge by its cover.  The food here is the thing.  The buffet constantly features popular dishes but varies some entrees to provide variety.  On the weekends, they serve additional items but I haven't tried them yet.
This is a great little restaurant with a northern Indian and Pakistani slant.   The restaurant is unfortunately well off the beaten path and most likely struggles because of a poor location. The prices are very good with a very polite wait staff that were generally on top of things, we did have to wait a bit long for the appetizer (Pakora) from the kitchen. The restaurant was simple and clean and most importantly the food (Paya and Chicken Qorma) was actually quite good. Definitely worth checking out.
3.5 stars on first visit  My husband and I happened to pass Zaidi's one day and stopped in for lunch the next time we wanted Indian food.  Typical unassuming, sparsely decorated strip mall location.  But nothing typical about the food!  We started with the Pakora (thinly sliced strands of veggies battered and fried), served with a delicious green chutney.  This dish was supposedly named "best appetizer" somewhere, and I can see why.  However, it had an odd flavor that didn't seem to be coming from the spices in the dish, but rather the oil used for frying.  Perhaps it was too old??  This is the only reason I won't bump to 4 stars.  For my entree, I went with Chicken Qorma, my staple when going somewhere new since I know that I like it generally.  And this I did love.  Probably the most flavorful Qorma I've had with incredible depth of flavor.  The only thing I did not love is the bone-in aspect.  Keep in mind, this is not just bone-in chicken, it's chopped with the bone, so there will be lots of spitting out the inedibles.  Maybe this is more traditional or adds to the flavor, but I do prefer boneless.  The owner came out to chat when he did not recognize us.  Although he's successfully catered for many years, he disclosed the restaurant is struggling a bit due to location, and they will be adjusting the menu to a more multi-cultural approach (burgers, tacos, etc) at lunch.  While many of the Pakistani and Indian dishes will be staples on the menu, some items such as goat will be restricted to dinner due to the length of time required for cooking.  I think I'll stick with original dishes, though.
I enjoyed a nice lunch with friends at this place.  The new owners were very cordial.  I found it quite interesting that the pictures in the restaurant were pictures of Puerto Rico!  But I discovered that the space used to be a Puerto Rican restaurant and that the previous owners had not picked up their images.  The owners were nice enough to hold on to them.  I saw some images I would have loved to buy from them, but they were holding on to them for the previous owner.  Zaidi's is situated in a small strip of shops/stores on Granite Reed Rd.  So, this is a little out of the way, but I think it is worth the extra couple of turns.  The restaurant decor is an average mom and pop style.  i really enjoyed my food and so did everyone in my party.  I will say that the most memorable dish was the Goat Kahrahi.  Mmmmm... that was delicious.  I would recommend this restaurant.  I have also gone back.
place is CLOSED as of 3/15/13
Gave my new neighborhood place a shot for lunch today after hearing a good review on twitter. If you are not familiar with Pakistanian food be ready to ask about everything on the menu. Prices range from $6-$12 and everything is made to order. Luckily it wasn't busy when we were there or we would have been looking at a 30 min wait for food. All in all it was very good. Husband played safe and went with the gyro which comes with fries. I got a chix, rice dish. The chix was orange in color and a bit spicy. We ordered some naan on the side as well. I will prob go back but again be prepared as there are NO descriptions of what the items on the menu are. People seemed to be asking tons of questions.
Got the Chicken Boti, Garlic Nan, Riati sauce, Tzatziki sauce, and baklawa to go.  Chicken Boti consisted of perfectly spiced and marinated chunks of chicken breast served over a non-greasy flavorful basmati rice mixture.    Riati sauce was a cilantro-based lemony garlicky sauce that reminds me of chimichurri sauce.  Tzatziki sauce wa sthinner than expected but necessary to balance the spice and still very good.  Baklawa was juicy and crispy and with a certain strange pice that made it better than usual.  Service was awesome, the owners were very patient, helpful and descriptive since I have never had this type of cuisine before.   Got a question, just ask them, they wer every nice.  A quick 10 minutes after ordering, my food was ready to go.  Since everything was so tasty, I can't wait to go back and keep trying the different things on their long menu!  I am a sucker for meat grilled to perfection which is what they served to me here.
Without my children today (a rare occasion for me), I was craving something "different" for lunch and drove by this place on my way to ABC Baking Supply, I thought it looked intriguing so I whipped into the (plenty spacious) parking lot.  The store front has lots of pictures of foods I know little to nothing about, but I'm adventurous so inside I went!  The interior is well lit, clean, and cutely decorated.  The restaurant is small but the tables are not so close together as to make you feel claustrophobic and there is no kitschy clutter that you often encounter in small family run establishments.  You order at the counter and your food is served to you at your table.  As I know very little about the kind of food served here (with the exception of gyros, but I wanted to step out of my box) I asked for some recommendations from the gentleman behind the counter (who I believe is one of the owners, I know his wife is one of the cooks).  I ordered what he recommended...beef sheesh kabob, rice, and salad served with some kind of ridiculously delicious cilantro based sauce (can you tell I enjoyed my food?), the total was under $10.  The gentleman who took my order told me they had just opened on Saturday (3/10/12) which made me worry just a little about how my experience might go at a brand new restaurant, but again, I was alone and not on a time constraint.    The food was PLENTIFUL and came out very quickly, the rice was melt in your mouth buttery, the kabob was well seasoned, moist, and yummy, the cilantro sauce is something I could have added to shoe leather and it would have tasted wonderful...I'm not kidding you.  It was creamy-ish?  Full of cilantro, garlic and something that gave it a wonderful spicy kick.  So much for my concerns about how things would run in a brand new restaurant...quick yummy food, clean place, friendly staff = awesome.  Both the female cook (wife of the guy who took my order) and a younger male cook (son?) came out at different times to see how I liked my meal, the gentleman who took my order and another gentleman (another son?) also asked how I liked the food.  I'm pretty sure that every other person who visited the restaurant while I was there spoke Farsi (speaking to the authenticity of the restaurant itself).  Everyone was so personable and the food was DELICIOUS.  It felt like I had been invited to lunch in a friend's home and I simply cannot wait to return!
Went back on Friday and was disappointed to find they are  closed from 12:30-1:30 on Friday...lunch time  on Friday seems like a super strange time to be closed and I was unable to eat there due to the closure (and I drove out of my way to go there never thinking to call and make sure they would be open at a time that should be the busiest of the day).  I will go again, but I will call before heading out of my way to make sure they are open and I don't waste my time on the drive.
Went here for lunch today. Small place but very clean. Started off with the veggie samosa and the hummus with pita for appetizer, forgot to snap a photo!!  Both very good, the hummus was especially delicious. If you ever had the hummus from Switch on central ave. this one gives it a run for its money. next had the chicken boti with rice and the beef kabob with the afghani rice with carrot and raisins  Both were wonderful and tasty.   Service was great. The kid with the black framed glasses and the other kid with the curly hair both nice kids and very friendly. Food is great can't wait to go back.  Check them out, you will not be disappointed.
We went for dinner on Sunday and the restaurant was closed. Not the ones to lose hope, we drove 35 miles again for dinner today. We were the only two at 6 for dinner. They are closed on Sunday's though the website seems to show open.  My husband ordered chicken malai boti and chicken tikka masala with naan. He really enjoyed his dishes. I ordered kabuli pulav and vegetable kabab. The rice was flavorful and the kabab well grilled.   The food is freshly made, so it took them around 20 min to serve our dinner.  We plan to go back again and try some curries.  One negative thing is the location, the restaurant surroundings seemed to be shady.
This is my first review. I'm the type of person that likes to try something new almost every time I go out. I get bored easily, and I rarely want to go to the same restaurant. I have been to this place twice in 2 weeks!  The menu is huge, I don't know what half of the stuff on there is but that is what google is for. I've tried at least 3 things now that I have never had before and they were all delicious.  The chicken Handi is addictive, it's what I went back for. The servings are family style in my opinion, but it did not stop me from ordering 4 things! I had leftovers which tasted even better the next day.  I'm a sucker for family owned restaurants, these meals are home cooked recipes to order so the wait is a little longer, but well worth it. If you just get off work and don't want to wait, they do take out. Order before you leave and it's ready to pick up...this is me planning my next visit.
Couple guys I work with found this place on Yelp so we went to check it out.  We may have come on a bad day being a Friday and they close from 12:30 to 1:30 to pray but we did make it in early enough.  At first was concerned because they were missing some spices so a few of the items we were thinking about were off the menu.  But we asked what type of chicken was his favorite and he said the Boti Chicken so we gave that a try.  we ended up getting the rice served along with the dish and ordered the Nan? (bread) as a side everything was really good the Boti has a little bite to it but not too much very good but do want to sample a few more dishes before deciding on a favorite.  I will keep you informed on my explorations in the future because we all decided this place needs to be on our regular lunch rotation.
This place has some seriously delicious food, but the service isn't going to wow you (I suggest take-out if you're wary). And, now that you've been warned, on to the deliciousness!  I shared veggie kabob and rice, beef egg rolls, and chicken tikka masala. I'm happy to say that you get a ton of food with your order! The veggie kabobs were served on a huge bed of rice, and they were super fresh and flavorful. They're simple, but great! The egg rolls, which are only $0.99 a pop, were also very tasty, albeit a little greasy (they're deep-fried egg rolls though). I also can't forget to mention that the egg rolls come with a great spicy sauce!   And then there was chicken tikka masala... At $10.99 it's not the cheapest thing on the menu, but DAMN! It was sincerely some of the best chicken tikka masala that I've had in the valley (almost inching out one of my favorites at Z-Grill). They served it with an enormous piece of house-made naan. The masala was perfectly balanced in spiciness and thickness, and the chicken was cooked just right! Masala lovers from all over should try it!  I welcome Khyber Halal with open arms into the neighborhood! I'm always a fan of a new flavor in the area, and I can't wait to go again!
First time having Afgan food and it was delicious - The best way i could describe the food would be a cross between greek and indian food, however that is probably a very inacurate description - We ordered the Mantoo, which was a dumpling with meat inside served with a red spicy sauce and a white yogurt sauce, it was amazingly flavorful, and the young man with the glasses recommended ordering it for a first time visitor, and I would pass that along - We also got the Chicken Karahi, which was spicy chicken meat in a curried sauce - My wife loved this dish enough to go back a few days later and get it again.  I normally do not like curry at all, so if a dish has any I generally do not care for it (not that it isnt good, I just won't like it) this chicken was tender, and I actually asked for a couple pieces of it, very unique taste and also highly recommended, the chicken was bone in, super tender, and cooked perfectly.  That dish came with fresh baked Nan bread, which wasn't as crispy as Indian Naan bread but not as soft or fluffy as a pita, somewhere inbetween, however very good  In answer to people stating they do not have descriptions of what the food is, they have a blogsite that gives you pictures and descriptions of most things on the menu, so just bring your smartphone into the restaurant with you and they have a small sign on each table with the link to it, so you can try to figure out what you want to experience, and they were happy to answer questioins after we read the descriptions and looked at the pictures  http://khyberhalal.blogspot.com/  That is the description and pictures of most of the food - hope that helps  They are NOT open on Sundays even if the website does say so
We went out last night to the movies, and with an hour and a half to spare, we thought we had time to stop at this newish restaurant on the corner of Indian School and 24th St. It was a family owned place, baby in bassinet by the cashier, and absolutely no explanations of what the food is. Just strange names. We ordered and sat down. 35-40 minutes later, we realized the food still hadn't come and we'd never make it out to Scottsdale for our movie. So, disappointed, we took the food when it finally came and brought it home and ordered something up on Amazon. When I dove into the "to go" boxes, I stopped complaining. Man, that food was delicious. I ordered the Chicken Tikka, only because I pretty much knew what it would be, and it far beat my expectations. Our Chicken Kabab (ordered again because we knew what it would be) was delicious as well. To the owners, thank you for being here. We'll be back. Please develop something that describes the food, and make a non-egg version of the Naan bread please! Lots of vegans and allergies out there who don't expect food from  your region to have heavy eggs included. Readers, as long as you set your expectations correctly about time for food preparation, you'll be very happy with Khyber Halal. Get in there and support this neighborhood gem!
I just visited Khyber Halal. The food was great, the price is right and the portion sizes were a little larger than necessary. The service was pretty slow though. I think we waited 15 minutes for someone to take our order and we had to ask for our check. Plan your lunch or dinner date accordingly and I think you will be happy. I am going to be bold and say, this is the best Afgan food in Phx.
Yummy... the gyro was really good and fresh; it might be the best gyro in town but I'm gonna need to try it one more time. Plus the gyro was pretty good in size; I get pretty disappointed when I don't get enough food.  It also came with fries and extra gyro sauce at no extra cost.
I adore Khyber Halal, it's my new favorite. It's a new experience in a cuisine you may think you already know well. While not Indian, many of the dishes are novel takes on Indian & Middle Eastern dishes you may already know, like curries, kabobs, biryanis & naan. All of the dishes are marked by a fresh & vibrant taste. It really seems like homemade food, not churned out by the pot load. And the owners are very friendly and make for a nice atmosphere.
many delicious options, very flavorful. They were sweet about helping me concoct a vegan option. You can taste the blessing. They also have good vegetarian options, no concocting necessary.
I came across this place recently (SW corner of 24th street/Indian School) and I have to say I find the food to be excellent.  The cuisine is mix of Indian, Pakistani and Afghan, designed to suit every taste, from spicy to not so spicy.   I have had several items but , such as the tender and juicy lamb kabob and most recently the Chicken Boti which was spicy and very good!  They serve goat, lamb, beef and chicken in a variety of dishes and many are able to be shared.  The service is somewhat slower because you generally have the owner being the watier and the menu explainer.  He will take the time to explain the food, how it is prepared and what may suit the taste you are looking for.   His wife loves to cook and that is how this place got started.  Interior decor is nothing special, very typical of an authentic place that just serves good authentic food!.  The Nan bread is fresh, warm and tender.  The hummus didn't really fit my taste, I have other places that I prefer hummus, it was more oily than most.  When I was in there last night, There are approximately 10 tables in the place and during my last visit I could overhear each table making comments about how good their food was.    There is a charge for bottled water (if you ask for "water) and you will pay a .35 cent transaction fee for credit cards, testament again..to authenticity :)    I love this place and when I feel the itch for something different and adventurous for my taste buds,  I have not been disappointed yet.    I just wish they could pipe some low authentic music and it would top off the place!
The food consistency and quality is still amazing after many visits - 5 stars upgrade  You must get the Gulpi (Cauliflower) as a side dish - It will change the way you think about the vegetable
What an unexpected delight. Great food. Charming family of owners. It looks like nothing from the outside but what wonderful smells tastes and flavors await you.
Undiscovered gem! This place is fantastic. The restaurant sits in a nondescript strip center on southwest corner of Indian School & 24th St. Since it was the first time we had been there I decided to try a bunch of different items and see what we liked.   Chicken Tikka Masala was rich and spicy. Very good.  Chicken Malai Boti was green (yea, green), grilled, and really flavorful. Vegetable Briyani was standard rice with veggies. Still good. Mantoo was the highlight! Little dumplings stuffed with meat. They are topped with a combination of curry and yogurt. So, so good...  You should definitely check this place out. The ambiance will not overwhelm you, but the food certainly will...
Here it is...my 100th review...and I don't have a speech prepared...oh well, here goes!  Go here (http://khyberhalal.blogspot.com/) to see pictures and descriptions of the food on their menu. It is very accurate. Although the Mantoo picture doesn't really emphasize that it is 12 pieces of deliciousness...  THIS PLACE IS FRICKING AMAZING, the service was excellent as well as friendly and it smells simply divine.  After several months of saying 'we need to stop at this place one day' we finally made it there last night for take-out. We ordered the following:  1) Chicken Karahi...MMMmmm MMMMmmm! We got an order of basmati rice and the flavors of this bone-in (but cut into manageable pieces) was fantastic. Never had anything like it, but it was awesome. I woke up this morning wanting more...but there was none.  2) Mantoo...this was possibly the star of an all-star show. We decided that they reminded us of dumplings or of non-fried crab rangoon, only filled with ground beef, seasonings and topped with one (technically two?) of the most delightful sauces ever.   3) Chicken Tikka Masala - I chose medium spicy this time...you know I HAD to have it. And it was delicious. (We also had the basmati rice with this one because it's a saucy dish and that's how I like it...if you ask nicely, they may let you substitute the naan that it comes with for rice instead)  4) Beef samosas AND Chicken samosas...both were fantastic, but I think I loved the beef one just a *little* bit more. The seasoning was superb. We also dipped it into the sauce that came with the mantoo...OMFG...wow.   5) Garlic naan...I've never met a garlic naan that I didn't like.  6) Baklawa (aka baklava)...one of the best I've ever had. Nutty and honey-ey...mmmm...  We're actually planning on going back again tomorrow night so I can try the okra bamya and the eggplant banjan and see what that bolanee/aloo paratha is all about.
I came across this restaurant via Yelp.  It's a good restaurant with great food, if you like interesting, sometimes spicy, different food well made.  Here's the warning, though:  it's not the place for that special, romantic date.  The ambience is low rent, but that should not stop you from visiting.  The menu is varied, and the variety goes from Afghan food to Indian / Pakistani food, to good old American grub.  We tried some of the first 2 and were very pleased.  Some have said that the service is slow.  To protect ourselves (and we did not make it up) we told the waiter that we had to make a plane, and our service was prompt.  We're sure to return next time we're in Phoenix.
Headed here during lunch with four friends with really good Taste. Two had been here before so we let them order everything. Ambiance..not much, but its clean and bright. Service...family-run. Friendly. What we ate... Mantoo....amazing little beef and onion filled dumplings covered in yogurt sauce, a spicy orange sauce and dried mint. Addictive. Fabulous. Dream of them now..... Chicken boti....bright orange., looks like a kebab, served with rice and cucumber salad. A nice safe dish. Chicken kahari....a curry type dish. Meat was moist and sauce was flavorful. Goat korma....the hit of the day, well, beside the mantoo. Rich, succulent. Like the bestpot roast yyou've ever had but better. We also had a bread type dish...looked li,e a pizza with no cheese or sauce. Had a bit of a vinegar taste.  Headed back next week to eat more....
Mutton Karahi or Goat Curry was awesome and different. Not sure what it was exactly called. Their Kebabs and Tikkas were delicious. Nihari was good too. Chicken Tikka Masala was a little too salty.  A great joint offering a variety of food. Clean and family friendly. A must eat Halal option in Phoenix, AZ.
This palce is awesome. Enjoyed it more then i have in the past. You need to try this spot for some quick casual eats, They now have a blog soit where you can read all the descriptions of the food. I foregt what I order bu it comes on a huge mound of brown jasmine rice and the most fkavorful shisk kebab like chicken. I am a huge fan and it' right in my hood,
This review is long overdue. Partially because I keep telling myself that I'm going to write a review after the next time I go to Khyber Halal. So, after our 4th dining experience there, here I go!  The first time we tried to go to Khyber Halal, we were able to go inside the restaurant but they told us they weren't doing dinner service because they were catering a banquet dinner off site. No problem, we made arrangements to go back a few weeks later. Our next visit was during Ramadan. We didn't know that until we arrived to see a big sign on the door saying that they were observing the month long holiday.   Not to be deterred, we came back a few weeks later and were seated by a friendly, young man (presumably, the owner's son?) and we waited. and waited. Finally, about 10 minutes later, I was able to call someone over to take our order and get waters for the table. We ordered the chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, mantoo, samosas and brown rice. The samosas were a bit dry and the chutney that was served with them was nice but in styrofoam containers. I have absolutely nothing but positive things to say about the rest of the meal. Fantastic, flavorful and probably impossible to beat for the prices at this restaurant. Our waters weren't refilled throughout our meal but we almost didn't notice because the food was so good. We didn't need to order extra naan as they make sure you get enough bread to feed an army. With an appetizer, a few sides and three entrees, our meal was less than $40.   Our next 3 visits were a bit more of the same. Lackluster service, outstanding food. It's why we keep going back. I keep saying I wish someone would nominate Khyber Halal for a Restaurant Impossible or Kitchen Nightmares type show. They need a visual makeover and the sons could take a lesson in service. Again, they are super friendly but have probably never worked in a restaurant before. This place would be a 5 if they could get their skills up to par a bit.   Don't let the service keep you away. If this place was around the corner from me, I'd be here a few times a week for lunch. See you soon Khyber!
Just there.  Had the mixed grill.  There were two of us.  Mixed grill came with two skewers of lamb kabob, two skewers of chicken kabobs, flavorful brown basmati rice, chopped salad.  This portion was too much for two people but it didn't stand in the way of us finishing it.  We tried one beef and one chicken samosas.  It was a draw.  I liked the beef, hubby liked the chicken.  We had baklava and firni for dessert.  Everything was fantastic.  I will definitely go back. Thanks to yelpers who lead me to this place.   Congrats to the staff who did their best to fill all the orders even on a busy Saturday night.  The place was packed.
Like almost every good restaurant in Phoenix, this place is hidden in, yes, a strip mall. But strip-mall facade be damned, this place is really as good as it gets. I've only been here once but already am eager to work my way through the entire menu. I went there earlier this month with three friends. We all sampled each other's food and nobody was in the least displeased with anything. First off, I will continue to sing the praises of the mantoo. These dumplings--which are the Afghani equivalent of Chinese wontons or ravioli--are filled with ground beef and onion and then topped with a yogurt sauce and a red sauce. Tender and flavor, little dough-bites of heaven. Another highlight was the goat curry. I had a taste of my friend's and it was perfectly tender. And the sauce is a great mix with their jasmine rice. I had the chicken boti in which the flavors were felt all the way through the meat. They have a few different kinds of naan bread. Loved the garlic naan but you'll need a breath mint later. I saw some reviews said the service is so-so. It did seem like we had to wait 5 or 10 minutes longer than one might be used to. But the restaurant--which isn't that big--was almost completely full. It's also important to note we were the only non-Middle-Eastern/Indian customers so that tells you the level of authenticity is pretty good. The service may have taken a bit longer but nobody was rude. Also, it looks like the kind of place where you go up to the register to take care of your bill. Anyway, I plan to make Khyber Halal a stop when I have visitors in town.
Simply great food and great people. You do not go to this restaurant for 5 star service and ambiance, but for great food and hospitality with prices you cannot beat. I have found everything is professionally cooked to perfection. I am used to fine dining but am willing to sacrifice all expectations for great food and welcoming hosts.
Really good food.  The best Gyro in the valley and it is huge!  They also have very good simosas.  Be sure to try some of the Afghani dishes too, like the Mantoo, which is kind of like a spicy ravioli with a twist of yogurt.  I have never had a bad tasting dish here and tried a lot of things, my only complaint and thing that would keep me from rating this 5 stars is the fact that I have received cold food on a couple of occasions and on a couple of occasions my simosas were partially frozen in the middle.
I've never had afghani food, but if this is what its like...i love it! It's like a combo of indian and persian. The naan s not like the naan you'll get as an indian restaurant, but its still good, more crispy. We ordered the afghani kofta and mixed grill platter. I was a little worried about ordering the kofta because the grill platter is HUGE!. But after trying the kofta, I was glad I ordered it...juicy meatballs surrounded by well cooked and seasoned lentil curry. The meat from the grill is cooked well, not too dry. Sadly did not have room for baklava or any other dessert, but we did leave with a lot of leftovers. It's also at a good price point so they definitely have gained a repeat customer.
My friends took me to Khyber Halal around the 1st of March and I've eaten there once a week since my first visit. the food is fantastic. they have a ton of vegetarian dishes which I love and they have plenty of Meat dishes for the meat eaters. Treat yourself to something other than burgers and fries and go eat here!
Mediterranean cuisine is one of my favorites, so I was really looking forward to a great meal from Khyber Halal. I really wanted to like this place, based on all my fellow Yelpers' reviews, but, in my opinion, it just wasn't up to snuff.   I checked them out on a Friday night after work, looking to grab a few items to go. After entering the hole-in-the-wall location (which I love, by the way), I was greeted from behind the counter by an older gentlemen and a few teenagers. You could tell this was truly a family run operation.  After perusing the menu for a bit, I asked for a few recommendations. I'm a pretty adventurous eater, so I told them to throw the best of the bunch at me. He suggested the Uzbak Pulao, which was grilled lamb on top of a rice mixture (carrots, currants, and bits of meat...I'm assuming it was lamb or goat). My husband ordered the Chicken Handi, which was grilled chicken with a spicy rub over rice (nothing fancy here).  We also ordered Naan and a side of hummus.  We got home and dove into our meals, which by the way, was enough to feed a family of four, if not six. My lamb was chewy (I ordered it medium rare) with very little flavor, and the rice mixture was bland and oily (probably from all the meat). The Naan had no flavor at all, either, and after a certain point, I felt like I was eating a chewy piece of cardboard. By far the worst of the bunch was the hummus. It was literally mashed up chickpeas with no additional ingredients (tahini, anyone? Maybe a little lemon juice?). It was bland as can be.  To be fair, my husband enjoyed his chicken, but it doesn't take a lot to please his palate. I also tried his rice, and it was nothing special.   While this place is a killer value and and a sweet family run establishment, we, sadly, won't be returning.
Solid. I will definitely be back ... especially for take-out.   And when I order that take-out, let's be honest, I will probably have to order that delicious Mantoo concoction as an "appetizer" even though I will be dining alone. I'm really glad that someone made a parody of Taylor Swift's 22 for 30-somethings, because now I don't have to feel bad about choosing take-out over a night on the town. You know, some of us have jobs and responsibilities and just don't want to put on spanx at the end of the day. We want to put on yoga pants and eat Chinese food ... or in this case Afghani.   So, in conclusion, if you are looking for some tasty meat, why not try Khyber Halal? It's available whenever a craving strikes and you don't have to get dressed up for it.
Amazing Pakistai/afghan food. Best I've had in the valley. Family run with very nice owners. Chicken tikka masala, goat karahi, and beef Bihari are my favs
So, we've been back to Khyber Halal no less than 5 or 6 times since my last review. The food is still fantastic and I have noticed a change in service... for the better! We are quickly seated and the staff recognizes us when we come in, often making suggestions about new dishes or provide a detailed explanation when we inquire. We tried to go a couple of weeks ago but the restaurant was closed due to a funeral :(. If you haven't tried this place already, what are you waiting for??!
Although this restaurant is owned by my cousin and her husband, I have yet to make a visit. I give this place 5 stars because I have tried out numerous dishes cooked by her and have got to say that EVERYTHING i have tasted by her is absolutely exquisite. I do not doubt that the same goes for everything on the menu at this restaurant. I wish I lived in Phoenix so I could've tried some of the delicious dishes at her place, mainly because of my love for afghan food. Yummy Kabuli Pulao.
Want good food for your buck? Come to Khyber Halal. A family-owned restaurant serving Afghan/Pakistani/Indian combo platters, and boy is the food great! The only unfortunate issue I could think of this place is some items on the menu may not be available. Other than this, bring your appetite cause the portions are HUGE!
Ordered the Chix Tikka Masala. Fresh & spicy. Comes w/Naan which was also fresh. For desert, had Phirni and THE best Baklawa ever made on planet earth. Will definitely be back.
I just ate there for the first time and I must say it was amazing!  The food is fresh and I can't wait to go back and try something new on the menu.  I had a mango yogurt drink and started with one beef samosa and one veggie samosa, both were wonderful, then we each had an entre and both entres were amazing and big enough to share or take home.  I just finished my left overs from eating there last night.  The atmosphere was casual and comfortable.  I would feel comfortable eating there by myself or with a friend.  I will definitely be back and my boyfriend has been talking about the food since we left there last night.
Had dinner here last night. The chicken boti, and mantoo were delicious!  The eggplant dish was really good as well. The place is simple, clean and the service was good. Our bill was $29!  Talk about an amazing deal. Will definitely be back.
The food was ok. I ordered the chicken boti and lamb skewers for my husband. The food was good, and plenty of it, but not flavor city. Unfortunately for the us the food did not live up to the hype. The samosas were the BEST part of the meal.
Fully 5star food and service. Location I'd say easy to find and decor is homey but does the trick
The food is really good. I have never eaten Middle Eastern food before and after this meal I am a fan. The prices are great. Had a party of 4 and ordered the meat platter. It was a ton of food for $20.00. The only reason I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 because their service is really bad. They did not even think to ask to refill our drinks. Once you ask for a refill they do refill your drink. They are not rude or anything, they just are not that concerned about serving you. My favorite meat was Chicken Boti, the workers even said that this is one of their best dishes they make.   If you want to try Middle Eastern food for the first time, this is the place I would recommend. It can be a little intimidating, but focus on the Chicken Boti, order a naan, or Tandoori Paratha and enjoy.
The food is very good!  I suggest you take it to go. I had to ask for tea and boxes for the food. The server hung out behind the register texting. Really? Do you expect to be tipped?!?  Definitely take out!
Very good! Reminds me of my mom's cooking.  The chicken karahi is light but very flavorful. The portion is also really large. The chicken tikka masala was very good. I was a little disappointed by the goat biryani - the portion size was good, but the rice was dry. I also thought the raita (accompanying yogurt) was a little bland. The chick pea masala was pretty good, but a little simple for my taste. Still, it was nice that it wasn't drowned in overpowering spices.  The service is slow, but I think the prices are reasonable. I could definitely see this place becoming my go to Indian/Pakistani restaurant in Phoenix.
After being stuck in the rural Midwest for two years where food options were extremely limited, this place was a nice find for lunch.    Glad to have my Pakistani/Indian Yelpie friend present to order as I had no idea what to do.  We got chicken karahi, goat biryani, chicken tikka masala, and chickpeas with some naan to share.  Food came out looking looking very homey and overall tasted very good.   The karahi was by far the best - very tender and moist chicken that I mopped up with naan.  Tikka Masala was also tasty and had a nice kick (you can adjust spice levels).  The rice:goat ratio on the biryani was high and while I usually like goat, this was a bit gamey and dry.   Service was slow given there weren't many other diners at the restaurant.  However, portions were huge and very reasonably priced.  Total bill was $44 for 4  and we left stuffed with 4 full boxes of leftovers.   I would come back for more karahi and to try some other dishes. Probably for dinner though as the food is pretty heavy for lunch.
Hugh amount of very tasty food for the dollar. Boti chicken kabob is my favorite along with the samosas. The mango yogurt drink is great! The two side dishes of spinach and cauliflower have wonderful seasonings.
The food was delicious. We tried many items. Favorites were the lamb kabobs, eggplant, lamb shank on rice and chicken khori.  What a find!
love this place!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! if you haven't been here before then you need to go now!!! if you drive passed it you would second guess it like i did but one day my mother brought me some & it was love at first bite haha =) try it
After reading other reviews, I tried the Chicken Tikka Masala. I got it spicy, but not over the top spicy. It was very good. The chicken was cooked perfect. The staff was very friendly.
Charming joint in a sleazy strip mall where you underpay to be overfed. Authentic, welcoming, spicy. I love it.  As Alex S. said below, some of the items have too much rice. I don't really recommend the pulao dishes for that reason, though the lamb shank is delicious, and yes, I finished the rice. Get something spicy & soupy with naan. Anything karahi or nihari.
The food at this place is awesome. I always do takeout because I'm not crazy about the atmosphere, but I've never tried anything I don't like. Definitely try it out!!
Awesome food & service.. must go!
I'm seriously beginning to question, whether Yelp reviewers are actually former incarcerated felons, who had such lousy food in jail, that almost anything decent will merit 4 or 5 stars.  Seriously:  what about this place rates 4 or 5 stars?!?  Yeah, the kids, who help run the place are adorable and well-mannered, but that's not a reason to rave about the restaurant ... or is it?    Let's talk about what's NOT cute:  One of our companions ordered the kabli pulao from the menu.  He did state, that the meat was fairly decently spiced, but the rest of the dish was pretty bland.  His plate, for some reason, came with plain pilaf, which did even less to relieve the blandness.  My plate had the Afghan rice with raisins, so it was a little better.  However, the presentation of the kabli leaves something to be desired.  I would seriously consider altering its shape, since it arrives at your table shaped like a long .... Well, let's just say, I wondered whether one of my dogs from home got into the restaurant and had an accident on his plate  (my companion assures me, that would not have been possible as the food would then have had more flavor than it did).  I had the lamb shank.  It, too, came with enough rice to feed an Afghan family of 7.  And, as much as I love carbs, most of it sat on my plate at meal's end.  The lamb was very fatty, but, hey, that's what gives it taste.  Unfortunately, it was the ONLY dish with lamb available at the restaurant (which, for an Afghani restaurant is as bizarre as going to an Italian restaurant and them not having pasta!).  As an appetizer, I had the hummus, which was -- surprise -- bland.  The bread they serve with it -- allegedly naan -- bore an amazing resemblance to Little Caesar's cheesy bread.  Good, but not naan in any sense of the word I know.  My partner had the chicken tikki masala, which, to me, looked almost like pho (soup) when it came out.  However, he said it was not only very good, but creamy.  They did not, however, bother to ask him how spicy he wanted it, so it came out in a neutral, middle spiciness, which, according to him, added just enough spice to avoid it being --- you got it --- bland.  Service was attentive and extraordinarily polite, especially when considering our server probably doesn't yet know how to shave.  Overall, we won't be coming back here.  The food was bland and nothing particularly exciting.  If, as one of the reviewers stated, the cooking reminds her of how mom made dinner at home, she should immediately close Yelp, drive to mom's, and blow up her pots and pans.  Many of the reviewers here have written, that the dishes come with plenty of food.  But this isn't exactly true:  when it comes down to it, the main dish portions aren't big at all and you're served truckloads of cheap rice to fill out the dishes.  As my partner stated:  "you really have to read these reviews with a grain of salt".    Perhaps.  But if you intend to take reviews of this place with a grain of salt, make sure to bring your own with you:  as bland as the food is here, you won't find any salt laying around to use
Was on a business trip in Phoneix and decided I wanted some Paki food. After reading some reviews I decided on Khyber Halal. Since I was from out of town I decided to give them a call and confirm there hours, I was told last order is an hour before the restaurant closes. Me and three of my coworkers grabbed a cab and headed over there. We arrived an hour and ten minutes before closing, as we headed to a table the cashier, Abudallah told us take out only. We mentioned to him that we called and they said as long as we come an hour before closing we would be served. He repeated take out only, we told him we were from out of town and didn't have a place to take them. He told us that was what the manager had told him, we asked to see the manager, he told us that the manager wasn't available. At this point he said we are out of food, and pretty much told us to get the F out. Couldn't believe it, ended up spending $40 in cabs without getting anything to eat. We ended at Curry Corner(Tempe), with better service.
Lots of dishes to choose from. I ordered the chicken kabob and chicken tikka masala spicy. Caution do not order spicy unless you can handle some serious heat. Decent price and good portions. I will visit again, the food was delicious.Next time I'm going to try the Afghani specialty menu.
First of all, this is an Afghani/Pakistani restaurant. Its the only decent Pakistani food Ive had in the valley. Their beef shish kababs are great. Nihari is also very good. As for their Afghani items, the Bolani and Mantoo are amazing. Its a very spartan restaurant in a less than spectacular strip mall. The owner and his family are very welcoming.   This is as close as it gets to authentic Pakistani/Afghani food in the valley. So dont go there if you're seeking ambience!
Really interesting family own restaurant.  Be ready for new flavors. Some of them spicy.   The dumplings and deserts were my favorite. Also the meat dishes were tasteful.  Not a big fan of the rice dishes, plus the servings were family style.  The deserts worth the try, try as many as your stomach allows you!  I was invited so I don't know about pricing, but seems to be pretty fair.  Cheers
Oh my, could there be Afghan grandma's in the back cooking up all that food? Home-cooking ain't got nothing on this place... unless the cook(s) here are in your home kitchen.  We had a table for 7 and everyone was beyond satisfied. Kabobs, fried fish, veggies and more were had by all. Recommend the Uzbeki Pulao *wink, wink*  Came here visiting family, and so sad that we're not in the state regularly enough to be their sole source of income lol
After reading all the great review on yelp was utterly disappointed. Definately not an Indian or Pakistani restaurant. Food is bland. Biryani is just plain bland masala rice made with afghan spice combo. Nan not good either. For people looking for authentic indian or pakistani place this is not the place.
Came in today with my daughter. We both enjoyed our experience. Chicken tikka masala and chicken handi was delicious. Nice and spicy. Hummus was perfect. Coming back soon. Great family run place. Two brothers work up front and are good kids!
I've eaten Khyber Halal twice now, both times for take out. Everything I've had there is pretty delicious, definitely good Indian/Pakistani/Afghan food for the Valley. The chicken tikka masala was classically delish, I feel like it's hard to go wrong with heavily spiced and sauced chicken. The naan was fabulous, and if I weren't so full from the other things on my plate I would have eaten much more of it. Definitely worth eating with sauce alone. Lamb kabobs are also a solid choice, again another classic dish that it's hard to go wrong with. What really stood out for me, though, was the mantoo! I ordered the mantoo on a lonely night at home, by the recommendation of the guy behind the counter. It was SO garlic-y, but SOO meaty, creamy, and delicious. My roommates were flabbergasted by the smell of the house when they got home, and I definitely couldn't finish a full order of the garlicy goodness on my own. I'll definitely go back and try more options, but I'm excited to get more mantoo in my belly (hopefully chased with some naan next time to dull the spices).
These people just get better and better.  Had a wonderful dinner here consisting of chicken kabobs, lamb kabobs and their accompanying brown rice.  But this is not the "Brown" rice that we are used to getting in Chinese restaurants.  This is a superbly seasoned basmati type rice that has an amazingly delicious flavor and consistency.  The dishes were accompanied by a wonderful light salad of chopped cucumbers & tomatoes.  The dressing was a cilantro based, yogurt type dressing but clearly spiked with jalapeos.  I liked it because I enjoy spicy food.  But those of you who don't like spiciness should be cautious.  The service was attentive but not overbearing.  This is a family restaurant and one of the sons who is a senior in high school took care of us.  What a delightful young man!  The meals are also a great value.  Large portions and really, really fair prices. We really would eat here more often if we weren't so far away from them.  Will definitely make an effort to give them our business.
Went for dinner on a Saturday night. Fantastic food with a strip mall ambiance. Not sure who was in the back cooking but they know exactly what they are doing. So delicious and flavorful. On top of that, our party of 4 had our fill of entres w/ desserts and out total after tip was only $50.
Outstanding.  Great service and the food was good any healthy.  Had the eggplant, which was a bit unfamiliar, but tasty with the naan.  This naan was not the best I've had (a bit more "hearty" than I'm used to). The chicken kebab was seasoned really nicely, if a bit overcooked.  Very generous portion of rice. Totally a fan.  I'd come back again next time I'm nearby and try something else and probably up this rating to 5-stars.
I stumbled upon this restaurant after spending the day at the hospital and wanting to have something exciting to eat. It's not much to look at from the outside situated in a small strip "mall" across from a circle k. Definitely a diamond in the rough! The food is DELICIOUS and the portions are quite generous. Service was also very good! Will definitely be back it was great
Favorite place to eat in Phoenix! My boyfriend and I make it a point to visit whenever we are in town! My favorite dish is the chicken handi, but I have loved everything I have tried. I highly recommend the lamb shank, beef kabob, and the goat biriyani as well!!! So much flavor in every bite here. The staff when we've gone has been two younger guys and they are so helpful and adorable. We will be back!!!!
The kabobs were amazing and the goat rice was yummy. The staff is very friendly and the food is delish =)
Plan accordingly folks. Leave room for the sweets! You may over order with your eyes. Temptation may give in as you eagerly dig into your meals. Pace yourself or you'll be stuffed as your fork hits the bottom of that plate.   Trust me, in your lifetime everyone should try a Gulab jamun. In laymen's terms that would be a little ball of dough. Two of these ping pong sized balls come in a container. You won't want to share. I mean, the civil thing would be to share. But really, once your spoon touches the sweet cardamom syrup that's involved. Mmm...I don't think so. A moment on the lips a memory forever.  Moving on. Just remember to leave room for dessert. There are other sweets available up front to choose from, I'll report back next time. (Gosh darn it. They've got me.)  Zipping into the nondescript shopping center we studied the menu upfront. We seated ourselves in the dining area, which is a no-frills kind of place. (There's a TV if anyone really, really needs that.) Our server was quick to take our order and our food was out lickity split.  Spicy means hot! (If you opt for spicy be prepared.) The Chicken Tikka Masala was divine with copious amounts of chicken. Served with four large artistically cut pieces of naan leftovers abound.  The Kabli Pulao really does come with a foot long serving of a beef shish kabob.  (The beef has been shredded and molded into this arc of a shape.) The rice was airy and well balanced with raisins and shredded carrots.The accompanying chatni sauce was a delightful surprise on top of all the goodness involved.   Note that there is no beer or alcohol on the menu.  Just remember, pace yourselves!
This is my new favorite Middle Eastern place to eat. First off the dining room and restroom were spotless clean. We ordered a beef kabob plate and a gyro sandwich with fries. The food came out quick and piping hot.First off lets talk about the kabob plate.  It was a very large portion of seasoned ground beef cooked on a flat skewer. It was cooked perfectly and seasoned well. The skewer was served on a very generous portion of yummy rice and a nice chopped salad. Also included was a wonderful and spicy sauce. My daughter ordered the gyro sandwich and fries. The sandwich was made on a huge pita, served with lettuce, onions and tzatziki. The fries were hot, fresh and tasty. The portions are huge, bring an appetite or bring a cooler because nobody leaves here hungry.
I don't know what you are all talking about.  This place has horrible service and mediocre food.  The rice doesn't come with the mean and the naan is hard and thick as a rock. No thanks. I need to find a better place asap.  Nothing beats my wa place
Fantastic Food as usual!   Had the 19.99 platter with 4 Kabobs, rice and salad.  Hubby and I had enough to take home.  Also bought Firni dessert to take home.  Anyone who hasn't tried them should!
We r from chicago and came to khyber halal after reading positive reviews on yelp. The restaurant is charming, quaint, and well - decorated with authentic afghani decor and pieces, also very clean. The owner/head chef Fahima greeted us and was our server. She was incredibly pleasant and gave us great recommendations. She discussed that she tries to use organic ingredients and tries to make dishes healthy for her customers. All of her meat entrees are halal.  Our first visit we had beef samosa and shami kabob for appetizers. Each came with fresh green chutney and tasted as if she had just freshly hand made the dough, meat, and chutney. We ate afghani dishes including kabli pulao and uzbek pulao, both spectacular. The helpings of rice are heaping, and you'll definitely have leftovers. Thr prices are very reasonable.  Since our visit, my family reminisced about the delicious taste of her food every meal in phoenix, nothing compared. We came back and tried her pakistani dishes, equally delicious! Her naan is so plump and tastes made in a tandoor.  This place is always crowded and filled with a diverse crowd.  Mango lassi is perfect after a morning hike. Dessert including phirni and baklawa taste homemade.  We will probably b back again during our vacation, but wanted to post this since I am truly in love with this place. The owner Fahima is incredibly talented and will probably b known as a great chef in the near future.    If you are in phoenix, definitely visit this place, your taste buds will not forget it!
Unique, disticnt and literly colorful flavors can be found here at quite reasonable prices.  There are several veg options here including the Gulpi. Coliflour with a tumeric and other spices sauce which was just beyond wonderful. It left my foung dancing and my fingers yellow from all of the flavor. It is serverd with their "naan" bread which is much more like a thick tandoor bread.  This was just a quick take out order and I am excited to try everything they have to offer.
Really good food!! Staff were nice! The area wasn't too bad. The restaurant itself it's nothing fancy but does the job! I'd definetly go back!
I'm trying to remember how we heard about this cool Afghan restaurant. Do remember seeing good friend and party queen Irene V in the reviews and had to check them out.  Inside is very clean and the decor is casual and fun. This is a nice family owned restaurant and you can feel that vibe right away. The kids work the front part of the restaurant and Mom does her magic in the kitchen.  Started off with some Chicken and Beef Samosas and went with the famous Chicken Tikka Masala extra spicy. It was delicious and had plenty of tasty flavors bursting in my mouth. The heat level was very high and perfect for my taste buds. Nice!  Came back again and ordered the Kabli Pulao (Kofta) plate. Again the portion size and the flavors were exceptional and even had some left to bring home. Really love the way she makes the rice with the raisins and carrots in the dish. Going to have to try and reproduce this bad boy at home.  They have a rather large menu that can accommodate almost any diet or request. Appetizers, Snacks, Kababs, Currys, Wraps, Burgers, and Vegetarian choices if you are in the mood for a meat free meal. They also have a good variety of sweet Desserts to cap off your visit.  Service is friendly and the food is delicious. Can't wait to bring the family back and maybe get me some Goat on my next visit. I'm getting hungry just thinking about it. OH YEAH!  5 STARS
A large selection of Curry for their lunch and dinner buffet.  This is the second location for this restaurant, the place boasts the best indo Pakastani cuisine.  I don't have anything to suggest right now because im new to this type of food.  Copper Kettle Restaurant is a clean quite place.
I would not return here again, it was very unclean, and the servers ignored us all night. The food was horrible, way try dry on the chana. I still love the indian place next them.
4 stars for food, 2 stars for service.  Went on a Tuesday night at 6:30 and we were the only ones there. Fine by me. One young man there, sitting at a table watching a Bollywood movie on the TV. No welcome, nothing. We sat down at a booth and he finally walked over. "Would you like menus?" "Um, yes please". He tried to direct us to the buffet, but we wanted to go ala carte. Back to his movie. When he brought our food, he set it on the table and walked away. "Um, may we have some plates and utensils please". "Oh, sure". The whole evening was like that. Just disinterested and aloof. Weird.  Food was really good, though. Wonderful Kabli Chana (chick peas and potatoes in butter, masala, coriander & other spices. Dal (lentils in garam masala) was a little spicier than we asked for, but smoky, rich & delicious. Onion-stuffed naan and Saada rice were really good, too.  So, maybe we go back, but if we do, we take-out.
= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =  This nice Buffet has closed, but the same family IS in business at 1964 N. Alma School in Chandler, & it's good.     :-)
Maybe not Edinburgh's best kept secret like it used to be (it can be tough getting a seat on sunny summer days) but that doesn't detract from the fact the the Mosque Kitchen serves up a very tasty curry a rock-bottom prices (3.50 for a big plate of chicken curry and rice). The outdoor courtyard and its resident pigeons may not be the most alluring of settings but it's impossible to argue with the quality and quantity of the food being served up. Long may it continue!
Empfehlenswert! Gute Currys (4 vegetarische!), groe Portionen, sehr gnstiger Preis! Beonders toll ist, dass man 2 bzw. 3 Currys in einer Portion bestellen kann, so kann man sich durchkosten. Das Ambiente ist fr einen Schnellimbiss ok.  Was nicht passt: es wird Plastik-Wegwerfgeschirr und -Besteck verwendet  durch die Verwendung von Mehrweggeschirr knnte man den Mll um einiges verringern!
Okay so here is the thing, there are two mosque kitchens. The story is that the owners of the one that opened years ago by the mosque decided to move it and is today called the same 'Mosque kitchen' and is by the corner of Nicholsen Square. Then the mosque decided to open the kitchen of theirs under the name 'The original mosque kitchen' Since I've always gone to the mosque I know that the brain behind the menu and the kitchen staff moved along to the Mosque Kitchen. So out of curtsy to the first kitchen I have since they moved gone to eat there.   I went once and tried the food here at The Original Mosque Kitchen and didn't really enjoy it and continued to go to the first one.  Then yesterday when I saw that people was reviewing the two kitchens under the same name I felt this had to be sorted but more important for me I decided to take off my curtsy jacket and try it again with open heart and free mind. So here is my review.  One thing is for sure that the terrace here is very charming and I love the feeling of sitting sheltered from the rain and enjoy food outside. They might not me the original kitchen but it is a very original place.  The staff is so welcoming and nice and I get happy just entering the kitchen to order food.    The menu is just the same with option of lamb curry, chicken curry, barbecue chicken, grilled lamb shish, spinach mix, lentil sauce, chickpea sauce, vegetable stew and rice for all dishes.  The price is amazing, I had lamb curry with rice and lentil sauce and paid 5.50 including a tropical juice. WOW!  The portions are massive and one has to ask to get less if not to hungry and wish to respect food.  The lamb was a bit dry, but the flavours of the sauce, lentil and rice was absolutely delicious and I loved it. I have to say that if I add the over all experience it is a clear 4 star. If the meat wasn't dry it would have been a 5 star.  So next will be to try the Mosque Kitchen and decide with a fresh mind where I will go from now on.
The restaurant is located inside a South Asian grocery store "ZamZam" The food here is absolutely delicious, draws flavors from Pakistani/Indian and Afghani cuisine and is reasonably priced. I would highly recommend the Mantoo and Chicken Tikka Masala. A must try!
Located in the back of Zam Zam Market.  Unassuming family-run restaurant catering to local Afghan and South Asian clientele. Gracious and solicitous service.  Don't let the drab decor put you off.  Food is fresh, authentic and delicious.  Mintoo is absolutely terrific.  A welcome dose of unpretentious international comfort food in Phoenix.
Looking for a quick fix for my middle eastern food craving while at lunch with my wife. This was so much more than I was expecting.  Located behind a little grocery store, it is operated by a young husband wife team and other family members. The service was fantastic and they were very helpful making recomendations. Let me preface this next statement with the fact that I eat alot of middle eastern cusine and travel alot for work all over the world and make it a point to try and find great food. This food was world class. Definitly best in Phoenix. I will be returning here often and bringing all my friends.
I've driven by this place a thousand times and never stopped in. Tonight I did, and I will definitely be returning! There are few places that blow me away on my first visit, and this place did just that. Hidden inside of ZamZam grocery, this quaint little restaurant more than makes up for their lack of jaw dropping decor with their mouthwatering selection of food at extremely reasonable prices. I ordered the Goat Karahi and a side of a garlic naan. It was some of the best Indian food I've ever had! The staff were very helpful and friendly, and took great care of me while I ate. You should definitely stop here if you're in the area (and even if you're not).
The lamb is delicious. The owners are great. This is not your romantic dinner atmosphere, but hey who knows what can happen
Take Out review:  I called around 7:45 on a Thursday night for some take out- mixed grill and mantu, which are dumplings from this region; something new to me. I always wanted to open up a restaurant serving dumplings from around the world. Mantu (or however you prefer to spell it, apparently there are several ways) would definitely be on the menu.   Anyway, after a passenger pick up at PHX I make it to the restaurant around 8:25 and when I walk in, they are cleaning up for the night. I say I called in my order and have to wait about 10 min. I was trying to figure out whether they didn't place my order when I called, but all was forgiven when I got home to open up a very delicious mixed grill and mantu. The highlight for me was the dumplings- I don't know of any other places in the Valley that have them on the menu.  I will be back- I saw a sign for a GRAND buffet on Sundays (Lord, help me) so that may be where you'll find me this Sunday.
As I sit here on an average day in Eugene I'm reviewing all the middling sort of restaurants that are sitting here on my to-review backlog.   Pak is an interesting hole in the wall place that's a little hard to locate. Mango Lassi here is excellent and raised no qualms from me here. But the mixed large grill platter was an underwhelming array of 3 varieties of chicken and beef kebab. (To be fair I should have ordered a curry or any of the more tantalizing dishes on the menu but I went with a generic plate with a group of friends)  All four kinds of kebab were pretty meh and each bite was more of a slog than a race for the next one. It tasted more like a Costco meal then a fine tuned dish with savory, tender, tasty elements. Aka alotta quantity and not a lot of quality.
What a treat!  I was looking for good Indian food and found the reviews on Yelp for Z Grill, and drove to the grocery on a Sunday evening just in case they were open. Turns out this is now a restaurant instead of a grill inside a grocery store.  This is how we stumbled upon the Sunday evening buffet. The atmosphere is totally "family-run business."  I believe the owner seated us, and was pleasantly attentive, but also friendly.  The experience at this place feels something like you are being welcomed into the owner's home for dinner. A beautiful young woman in brilliant emerald dupioni silk helped out.  There was a large table of what appeared to be cricket players, not something I am used to seeing in Phoenix restaurants.  Nor am I used to seeing restaurant patrons pray on prayer rugs, which one quietly did.  The room is quite darkly painted, and the decor quite utilitarian, quirky, which only adds to my expectation that this is going to be an authentic and delicious meal.  Not disappointed in that.  The buffet had been hit hard (hungry cricket players?) but there was still plenty and it was delicious.  I am not going to be good at recalling everything by name, but the dal was awesome, tandoori chicken flavorful and moist, a cream chicken dish even better.  Aloo gobi SO good, as was the chickpea dish (don't recall its name), nice tray of condiments, with ample cilantro sauce, and chopped cucumber salad.  There were more dishes I was too full to try including beef nihari, and maybe lamb or goat? Fragrant really long grain rice.  Water in a cooler.  Hot tea.  Sweet rice and Banana custard for dessert. This will be my go-to place from now on.  Can't wait to see the lunch menu.  Also saw some lovely naan being delivered to other tables, but was sadly too full to try some.
The food was ok. We went on a Sunday night. It was an all buffet night but some of the items were already gone. We got there at around 6:15pm. They had plenty of naan and rice but the key items were gone. I got to taste a little bit of the masala chicken and that was the best out of all the dishes.   The place is very smoky inside as they do not have any exhaust for the extra smoke it seems. The servers didn't inform us about the buffet so we just sat there waiting for someone to help us until we flagged a server down and asked. I guess they just assumed we knew whatever the hell we were doing.   The servers are super slow and the girl that works there needs some vitamins or something because she looks really tired. They were taking kids in and out of the kitchen, sometimes without shoes on which kinda made me wanna hurl.  Oh, about that.., yes, I didn't hurl but I did go to the bathroom for a looooong time at around 11:30 that night. You get the idea. I am giving them 2 stars and not one because none of the other people at our table got sick. Just me.
We went to dinner here yesterday and, for a fair assessment, to the buffet dinner tonight.  I'm not quite sure what on the menu is Afghani; I would say that the overwhelming majority of the food served is Pakistani, which is similar to Indian in some respects, but definitely different and noticeably so to the experienced palate.  I saw no Indian food.  First, decor.  The pictures in here show a bare, brick-walled seating area.  As plain and jarring as that may be, I wish the restaurant still looked like that.  Since those photos were taken, someone painted the place gray and dark red and the tables black.  These colors definitely should NOT be used in a restaurant and if you're someone easily influenced by your surroundings, it will add a depressing effect to your meal (then again, if you have weight to lose, that may not be a bad thing).  While there are some geographic-designed paintings on the wall with Arabic writing on them, the overall effect is to darken the place and give it the look of a nightclub, that's been opened during the day for some function.    The food itself is a mixed bag:  my partner had the chicken tikki masala.  One bite of it convinced me, that I made a huge mistake in not ordering it:  well-spiced; reasonable portion and incredibly tasty.  The only "mistake" was to serve it in a large, metal bowl, which gives the impression you're getting less than you are.  It's by no means a huge amount of food, but it's more than enough.  Both our dishes came with copious amount of na'an.  So rice was an absolute non-essential here.  My dish, however, was disappointing.  I got some goat dish and was surprised at what came out.  It came in a noticeably smaller bowl  (at the end of the meal, I could put my bowl comfortably inside his with room to spare and, as I said, his was hardly a large portion).  The food was green and thick, with a consistency between very thick pea soup and creamed spinach.  If there was goat in it, there wasn't much and it was completely shredded  (I THINK, I tasted shreds of meat).  There were absolutely no solid pieces of meat.  It was good, but it made me wonder whether there was some 1980s Pakistani version of the Wendy's commercial, where someone would ask annoyed, "Where's the Goat?" instead of where's the beef.  The buffet today was very hit and miss.  As is typical for buffets, the best food wasn't there and I could have really kicked myself in the rear for not having the tikki masala, which tasted great on the one miserly forkful I had last night.  And, in an ironic repeat performance, there was a serving plate marked "Goat Paya" and inside was -- without exaggeration --- just broth and bones.  I don't know, whether someone picked out all the goat earlier; but this was just getting to be a bit frustrating.  The rest of the plates offered were good; just nothing "wow".  The most positive aspect of the restaurant is the service, which is fast, friendly and very willing to explain or answer questions (or make recommendations).  Like yesterday, as we walked in today, there was one party, already done eating, and they left as we sat down.  I don't know whether it was just bad timing or typical, but I have the impression this place doesn't get crowded; and the few reviews here sort of bolster that assumption.  This place is not cheap in comparison to similar restaurants in the Valley.  Buffet and the goat-that-got-away aside, the food is very good.  But I have to be completely honest in saying that the decor was the absolute killer for me.  I just feel "oppressed" sitting in that kind of color scheme and it imposed itself onto the meal.  The accompanying store is very good for Indian and Pakistani products; but prices cannot compare to, say, Haji Baba, which may not have as big of a selection of Indian/Pakistani foods and spices, but which is better priced by a long shot.  This restaurant has excellent potential; but as it stands now, it most likely will not impress Western --- and especially, American --- sensibilities much, mainly because of the decor, the lack of customers and food not universally recognized in  the Valley.  This is a shame, not only because Pakistani food deserves the attention, but also because the owners are making an obvious effort to please their customers.  Make the trip here for good food; but keep a very open mind!
Delicious food, Nice combination of Mediterranean, Indian /Pakistani Food. Low prices, clean restaurant and good customer service.
The chicken seekh kabob is very moist, tender and absolutely delicious. The mint chutney is very rich and flavorful. I also tried the chicken karahi which is so yummy. The prize is very cheap and reasonable. Plus, the staff is friendly!
so nice.........halal food on the strip.........un believable...specially their chicken carrahi is awesome
My husband and I split a #7 combo (both beef) and dined in. We had our 1 year old with us, and no high chair was in sight. I even asked the lady who was cleaning up the dining area, and she said 'one minute' and then never did anything. So, we had a 1 year old boy trying to walk around, climb down from the booth, etc. I was less than pleased..  The guy at the front counter who took our order and brought us our food was kind. Our kabobs were a good size and came with a side salad, rice, and bread. Everything was pretty tasty. The bread was super hot and fresh. He also gave us a bottle of this green, slightly spicy sauce with our food which was awesome.  I gave 3 stars because I was so annoyed over the fact that they blatantly disregarded our need for a high chair. Even if they didn't have one, a staff member could have at least let us know. And it's a little pricey for the amount of food you get.
Kabob N More is a casual restaurant that serves fresh, made to order Indian and Pakastani food for reasonable prices (meals starting at $6.99). The meat is halal for those that have dietary restrictions.  One of the owners told me the restaurant has only been open 4mos.  I ordered a very tasty Chana ki Daal, which is a vegetarian curry stew made with garbanzo-like beans.  I ordered it with rice and naan and it also came with a small salad and raita (yogurt sauce).  The serving was huge and could've fed two people.  The salad didn't have much dressing or lemon juice so I just added the raita to it and that did the trick.  Overall, I was really happy to have found this place.  I was also happy to see they had a sink in the eating area to wash your hands.  It must seem weird to some but I often hate having to go to a dirty restroom to wash my hands, especially for food that is usually eaten with your hands.  And, just to be complete, here are a couple of downsides of this place: 1) there was a TV or stereo in each room that was playing it's own music, so that was a bit distracting 2) the interior looked a bit plain and unfinished in the decor but the place is still new so I imagine this is only temporary 3) the food is served on styrofoam, it would be nice if they used something more earth-friendly
This place was horrid. The two guys were arguing with one another as we walked in, thus ignoring us for a while. There was tons of dirt and trash under the tables that one of the employees began sweeping everywhere. I can't believe this all happened. Never again for me.
Not a bad place. The food serving size is average. I got a seekh kebab and a beef kebab (something like boti or tikka?). Both were flavorful but not much food, for $12.99. I guess its expensive because it is halal, but that does not mean anything to me. I can't give more than 2 stars because it is not a great value; the service is just OK, my order came out wrong the first time around so I was annoyed because I was hungry and it took over 15 mins.; AND the food is too spicy. I love spicy food. I know I can take a lot of heat, and know enough about Scoville units. This place, while the food is flavorful with exotic tastes and spices, makes their food too spicy to be beyond what normal people expect. I can give 3 stars but that would mean I am saying it is good and just right. The food is good and flavorful, BUT too spicy, so in good conscience I cannot give it a 3 star rating and then people will think it's great then get their tongues burned. AND they refill drinks for a buck more, and no water offered.
This place is the worst place I have been to in a while. It seems like the guy that was handling cash was trying to make money off of us for every little thing. The signs all on the strip and everywhere in the front clearly has a meal that includes rice and salad in the picture for 6.99 but the guy said that they don't do that any more. And on top of the that they added an extra dollar charge inside. So why do you guys still have the sign up?! The meals on the menu have "all the kabobs come with sides" and yet the guy wants to charge us more for sides. They have a outdated menu which they do not honor. The customer service is horrible. It's pretty much no service or the bare minimum to get the customers money. I do no recommend coming to this place at all.
Where to begin... I am a long time yelp user, but I have never written a review before now. This place is so bad that I had to sign up just so I can give it one star. I wish I could give it zero.  It took almost an hr to get the food and although they say it's made fresh, it was definitely not worth the hr wait. The cashier guy even tried to rip us off by adding extra charges for items that are advertised on their menu to come with the dish. when confronted he just quickly gave us $1 (suppose to be $1.49) to shut us up and had the audacity to expect a tip. Very poor customer service and food was below average and highly overpriced.  The rant could continue, but I'll leave it with this warning: the taco place next door is amazing, and even though the line is intimidating GO THERE. AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS
If you want to meet a rude cashier n  staff go visit this place.  food is very lame n tasteless .
Really yummy kebab. Really nice people and great service. It was a nice place to sit after a long morning at the Las Vegas convention center. Only a 15 minute walk each away from the convention center or a five dollar cab ride.
This is the worst restaurant I have EVER been to. I would give it negative stars if it was possible. Very unprofessional, food was horrible, and overall experience was horrible. I would avoid this place at all costs. I would eat dirt before I eat at this place again.
Excellent food, reasonable price, quick service, neat and clean, and its HALAL. What else you want.
Owner very friendly. food very good and not expensive, I tried their chicken pizza and the dough was just amazing. I will definitely come back again and will recommend this place.
Worst food ever!!! The service is terrible and the food is awful!! We ordered the beef kebab and what we got was a dry too salty beef, 2 spoon of dry and old rice and 3 leaf of salad.   Worst middle eastern food I ever got!
BAD SERVICE. Is it possible to give negative stars? My family and I came in for lunch and the owner was very rude. When I asked a question about the menu, he had a bad attitude. He raised his voice at me when I told him I didnt receive the plate of rice I ordered. The food was not good We ordered pizza, kabobs, salad, chicken tikka masala. And another chicken dish. No one like their food. I would never come back here again and hope I  can save someone  from a horrible experience. Go somewhere else!
We were walking back to the hotel and decided just to stop and try some place.  This is a small restaurant.  There were a few people in there so we decided to try it.  We ended up ordering a chicken pizza, go figure.  It took almost 30 minutes!!  The pizza turned out to be ok.  The owner/person at the cash register was really rude though.  He didn't seem to care and was like he was bothered that we couldn't decide what we wanted.  I didn't try any of the other food, we ended up taking the pizza to go.  The food wasn't that great where I would put up with the owner's rudeness.  I would rather give my money to someone who actually wants my business
Love this place!  Amazing customer service, super clean, relaxing music, delicious lunch buffet for less than $8 dollars.
= = = = = =  DAILY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =  Yay, happiness is a new Buffet, especially if it's a (rare) Pakistani Buffet!  Yes, Pakistani, NOT INDIAN!  Differences, as well as some of the dishes served, include BEEF (Yay beef!!)  and no alcohol, which suits me fine at lunch time.     :-)  This Copper Kettle has opened in place of the one on Alma School Rd. and features a mid-sized dining room and a Lunch Buffet, right-sized for this type of food at about 18 main offerings plus sauces & toppings.  I started with a tossed salad & some delicious Lentil Soup.  Soon a basket of hot from the oven Garlic Naan arrived at my table, buttery & delicious!  Back over at the hot table I helped myself to some of almost everything including Pea Palao, Basmati Rice, Beef Nahari, Beef Paya, and a number of other tasty treats including two common to both Pakistani & Indian restaurants Chicken Tika Masala & Tandoori Chicken (of premium chicken and cooked just right!).  I also had some Poori (a deep fried flatbread), and Sweet Halva for dessert.  There was also a custard dish & more, but I didn't have room to try them this time.  The owner & his assistant were super nice & this Buffet is served up 7 days a week from 11 AM for under $10.     :-))
Bland food. Very late service. Gave one rating coz it wouldnt let me give a zero rating.
Food tastes good but the customer service is pathetic. Management should hire more staff. The place is not at all hygienic, the glasses weren't washed cleanly and were smelling. I wasn't impressed with the overall service.
Really friendly and attentive service. Went in for the lunch buffet which was totally worth it for $9. They made fresh nan bread for us and another table, nice touch. Good  chicken tikka masala, perfect rice, everything I tried was good-to-really good. We will be going back!
Visited for lunch buffet. Food selection was good, but the food was lukewarm. Specially ordered onion kulcha which was really good. Much of the food was spicy but especially the spinach paneer! Dessert selection was small (2 items)and not of good quality. Interior was open with plenty of seating, but sparse on decorations. Service was okay.
Had an a-la-carte dinner here. Very good, fresh, spicy dishes. Dishes have an authentic Punjabi flavor. There is dinner buffet till 9pm, for $10.  Decent service and comfortable ambiance.  Probably the best budget Indian cuisine in Tempe.  Best dish: Paneer Tikka Masala.
Yum!!  Chicken boti kababs - out of this world delicious.  I've only ordered take-out, but both times the service was great.  When I picked up once,  I had so much food the person working opened the door for me.  I will definitely be back!
Any business that ran out of food should NOT be open and offer to take any costumer or their money when they don't have the food they are advertising in their menu! That said here is why I gave them one star considering the Copper Kettle's Mixed Grill itself was acceptable to eat.  I got there on a Sunday evening around 7:45pm. A young friendly gentlemen received me with a smile and things seemed pleasant! It took a while for him to get to my order considering there was 6 people at the place. Then he informed me that he didn't have anything I was ordering due to a busy day. So I settled with what they had and here is what I got.  The Nan "bread made fresh at the restaurant " and they claim is the best was UNCOOKED and doughty"   The Doodh Lassi "a yogurt drink that can be sweet or salty" I ordered the salty one was so SALTY it was undrinkable. It had so much salt you could float on it. "NOW it may not be a drink most people in Tempe may find palatable but I grew up drinking it so I KNOW how much salt should be in it... it should NOT gag you like salt water!  NO chutney or any side condiment normally associated with Indian or Pakistani food present.... anything I asked they replayed "sorry we ran out" or we don't have it... is like going to a pizza place and asking for Parmesan or crushed peppers and to be told we don't carry any of them??? WHAT??? I am not sure what kind of clientele they get normally but it was insulting to me when they pretend what they had to offer is the experience I should have had... Like I never done this before.... I asked for hari chutney and he was trying to pass a watered down Raita with out cucumbers for it... ??? unbelievable...   The only waiter there was trying hard (I want to give him credit) but so ill equipped I felt sorry for him... Shame on the owners for leaving the guy to fend for himself like however I wasn't' sorry for the $18 bill I payed for food they didn't have and the uncooked Nan that was their claim to be the best.   I also asked to dilute my Doodh Lassi drink so it was drinkable. it took 20 minute with only 6 people in the place and almost at the end of my meal a mango pickle plate was offered to me. So to be clear it took the man 40 minute to find the pickle jar they didn't have!  at this moment 30 people walked into the place... I saw the waiters face go blank and I knew they would not be able to serve them properly they couldn't handle 7 at this time but nobody said a word to this big group that just walked in the place.... and they seated the group... I had to get up and go to the cash register to pay for my meal and I stood there a good 10 minutes while the waiter jumped table to table telling them what he had or not....   A disaster! just a disaster! I waisted one hour and 20 minute for food that wasn't worth it.
Really friendly and sweet staff which made my first visits very welcoming. Just finished having some delicious chicken tandoori. I will definitely go again  especially to try their desserts. They sounded delicious.
