Passable middle eastern and mediterranean food in a nice State Street setting close to campus.
Husnus....definitely my "date place" freshman year before I could a) afford anything else and b) get anywhere off campus.  On the first block of Street....this place is a great value.  $12 for salad and an entree.  I love the kabobs and anything with lamb in it.  The yogurt dressing is really good and the bread is very traditional.  Don't miss it, no matter how many much more expensive meals I have, I always return to this favorite. 5 stars.
Yumm...I love Husnus.  Whenever I get back to madison, I love to try and get here.  I love the chicken kabob, but everything is great (try the acorn squash special too!).  Bread on the table, wonderful yogurt sauce.  Would've gotten 5 stars, but the service is often very slow.  Luckily the food is so good, I keep going back.  Highly recommend for a great Mediterranean meal.
The best.  The service is fast and the portions are huge - the complimentary bread and oil is the best I've ever had.  I recommend the ispanakli borek (spinach feta fillo) and the potato dumplings with curry and yogurt.  Get the yellow split pea soup if its available.  My meatier friends have told me that the tavuk dolmasi (stuffed chicken breast) and the kabuk dolmasi (acorn squash filled with chicken and tomato sauce) are wonderful as well.  The baklava is made fresh by Husnu himself (who you should try to meet while there) and it is so very good.  Also, I've never had better rice pudding in my life.
The last person who reviewed Husnus worked there and refused to refill my Coke (damn you annoushka!)..but other than that Husnus is the best restaurant on State St. Favorite dish: Tavuk Dolmasi in raspberry sauce. Husnu always adds new items to the menu so go there often. Also, the best rice pudding I've ever had. I also would marry Husnu if I weren't gay and he weren't married with kids.
The things they do to eggplant at Husnu's can only be described as heavenly.
My favorite place to eat on State St- at least it was until they ripped up the street. Ah, progress, you're a bitch.  I love everything here- recently had the orange chicken something-or-other, and the split-pea soup.  Heavenly.  The service is very good, staff is friendly.
I've complimented the chef before.  He is a food guru.  There is nothing that is NOT amazing here.  But do yourself a favor and get some dolmasi.  Feeling sluggish after you're stuffed with food?  Have a turkish coffee, which one of their waitresses once referred to as "Waitress Crack."  It'll perk you right up and make you feel like $1,000,000.  It's a beautiful, dimly lit restaurant--very romantic.  The service has never been bad, always very efficient and courteous.    Every time I'm done with a meal here, I feel so happy.  It's like I have a renewed sense of goodwill toward mankind.  Thank you, Husnu's, for turning me into less of an ass each time I eat at your establishment.
Wow, the rumors are true, this place serves awesome food!!   My friend and I showed up here for dinner both as first timers. We ordered a glass of Merlot, started the girlfriends chit-chat and were very relaxed.    For entree, I ordered grilled trout with reduced vegetables (yes, they have number of delicious sounding sea food items on the menu), while my friend had chicken smothered in red wine sauce. These entrees comes with wither salad or soup. We ordered salad - which was ok, but nothing to rave about. But when the main dishes came out, we couldn't put down the fork and stop raving about them. Both of our dishes were down right delicious!  I didn't really look at the rest of the menu, but I'm sure pretty much everything on the menu is great. The entrees we ordered were in $12-$14 range. It's very reasonable price considering th quality of the food.  This is a repeater for sure.
LOVE THIS PLACE. My mouth is watering as I write this. My favorites are seafood and veggie couscous, the lentil soup, and hummus.
Husnu, the owner, is at the restaurant 12-14 hours per day (sometimes you see him napping at a back table in the middle of the afternoon), and it is evident by the delicious food, large menu, and friendly service.  The atmosphere is quiet and average, but this is quickly forgotten once the bread (homemade every morning), soup, salad with homemade dressing, and giant portions are served.  Everything on the Specials menu is delicious and unique (Kabak Dolmasi- acorn squash stuffed with chicken- is a favorite) and save room for the rice pudding at the end.    One of the oldest restaurants on State Street, started just a few years after Husnu came here from Turkey, it is truly a staple and a must-try.
I have bad luck with eating at Husnu's for some reason or another. The place never had much appeal to me with the exception of a decent mango lassi. Beyond the lassi, I've had a half chicken that looked more like 1/3 a chicken that was a tad dry and tasted a bit too much like salmon (no joke, it tasted very fish-like for me) and also had a chicken dish that had a sauce that was sweet like candy (I believe it was the stuffed chicken breast).  Other than that, I do remember their minestrone being a bit watery with mushy noodles, however it had one saving grace: cilantro flavor. I've also heard some good things about their lamb dishes, but the chicken leaves me in doubt.  I have no idea how traditional, authentic, or whatever adjective is used to describe the food at Husnu's... it's pretty mediocre for me and I wouldn't eat there again unless a friend dragged me in.
Outstanding. I recall eating here once or twice in college but forgot how good this place was. Although I live in Los Angeles, this place would compete favorably with the best of the middle eastern restaurants in LA or NYC. The value for the quality of food is amazing. Most dishes are 10.95, this is food that I would pay $25 a plate without hesitation.  I had the combination kebab's. The chicken and veggie's were cooked to perfection. My GF had the Kabak Dolmasi. This is one of the best tasting dishes I have ever had. I stole a bite.  Whether your from Madison, another part of the midwest or the coast, try this place and enjoy.
Probably one of my favorite places in Madison, definitely THE PLACE for Middle Eastern / Mediterranean food. Decent prices, great beers, and everything I've ever had there is fantastic. I've had dreams about the cucumber sauce. I always get the chicken shish kebab because it's grilled just divine. We go at least once a week.
I'm not sure I've ever been to a place where pretty much EVERYTHING on the menu looks delicious.   Until last Saturday I had never been to Husnu's. I went with my dad who had been their numerous times and has gotten something different each time and loved every dish he got.   The place has been around since the late 70s. And the reason is obvious. They have amazingly good food. Not only do they have a wide selection, but I'm sure ALL of it is GREAT.   I ordered the Kabak Dolmasi (Acorn squash filled with chicken topped with tomato sauce and cucumber yoghurt sauce). The squash was soft and buttery. The chicken was SO tender it almost melted in your mouth. The sauces made for an almost creamy mixture when combined. Even the yellow rice (saffron?) was amazing. Nice flavor and could compliment any dish well. Needless to say, I loved it and ate every last bite. I was extremely full afterwords, maybe even overly so, but it didn't matter. It was just that good.   The service was perfect. I didn't feel watched over, but by no means ignored. The waitress was very nice and added to the overall pleasant dining experience.   It's a great restaurant during any season. Their food has a warm and rich flavor that would compliment any fall/winter day. Sitting outside to enjoy one of their many salads would be a great way to spend a spring/summer afternoon.  Of course I'll be going back to Husnu's (hopefully in the near future). And you should definitely give it a try too!
We had dinner here on Saturday night.  The weather was beautiful, and we were able to sit outside.  The food was fantastic!  I had grilled lamb chops, and it came with rice, asparagus and potatoes.  Everything was cooked and seasoned to perfection.  My boyfriend had lamb couscous, and he enjoyed it.  My only complaint with this place was that the service was slow, and our waitress was a bit flakey.  We had to wait for more beers, and for our check.  Other than that it was great.  I would definitely eat here again if I am Madison again.
I just had a dish here last night that was out of this world. It was chicken breast in a light orange sauce with Apricots and Artichokes. YUMMY!!!!!
Great food for a great price. Waitress was super friendly as well. Would definitely go again.
Had lunch on the outdoor part...glorious sunday with buskers (this time decent) across the street singing songs...  The food is really solid.  Bread is fresh and tasty with olive oil.  I had salad with yogurt-cucumber salad..the husband had the soup (rice, carrot, mint & yogurt) really nice...  I had the lamb rib chops with asparagus, beans, carrots and rice pilaf (with sultanas).  With the exception of the raisins (not a fan), everything was flavorful and had 4! generous pieces of lamb.  Husband had the dumplings with spinach and feta...hearty and the yogurt sauce was really flavorful.  Wished I had room for dessert and coffee...don't fret...I'll be back.
As someone who was brought up on Turkish food, I was pretty impressed.  I had the Izmir kofte with lentil soup, both of which were great and authentic, but their yellow rice was unfamiliar to me.  My friend had the salmon special, which was also in an unfamiliar style, though he was apparently very pleased with it.  Lunch came out to about $20 for the two of us.  The service suffered a bit toward the end, particularly because they only had 2 wait staff for lunch, and they were clearly overworked.
Went down to try this restaurant. Waited 15 minutes for service in an empty restaurant while the servers were bussing their tables. Finally got service and cold bread, waitress blamed the slow service on it being busy when the place was deserted. We decided to leave and try our luck elsewhere.
Awesome soups and great comfort food!
We have been in the Madison area for almost six years.  We love to go out to dinner and explore different cuisines.  We stumbled across Husnu's on State Street shortly after we came here and stop in when ever we come in to Madison .    My wife loves the Tavuk Dolmasi, which is a stuffed chicken breast with a raspberry sauce amply poured over it.  I am a fan of any of their lamb dishes.  Their lamb is not gamey at all.  The lamb shank just falls off the bone.  The last time we were there, I tried the Lamb Curry.  Out of sight!  My daughter loves the feta and spinach stuffed dumplings, Traditional Manti.  Service as always great and the prices are reasonable.  We will always be back.  The Nan bread they bring to the table is not heated.  It's not supposed to be.  But, since we Americans like our bread hot, just ask the server and they will heat it up for you in the oven, NOT a microwave!  Fantastic!  Come for Lunch and try to get a window table.  It's great to enjoy a great meal while watching life go by.
Seriously disappointing experience at this restaurant. The service was so slow and our waitress was beyond dull and unfriendly. I'm usually crazy about any type of Mediterranean bread, but the bread I had at Husnu's was dry and thick. When our food finaaaaally came it was another disappointment! Everything on my plate and on my husband's plate was smothered in yogurt sauce. There are way, way, way better Mediterranean restaurants in Madison - this place was not worth the money I reluctantly handed over.
I used to eat at this place almost every two weeks.  I ate there because it is AMAZING!    The atmosphere is great, it's dimly lit and very comfortable.  The decorations are very authentic and tasteful.  Well, at least as authentic as I can judge.  The drink selection is limited, but not disappointing.  I rarely drank when I went here, usually a glass of wine or something.  So, I can't comment fully on it.  Now, the food... it was great.  The naan bread was amazing, my girlfriend and I would go there and just eat naan forever.  The tabuli and hummus are amazing appetizers that we almost always ordered.  I can't comment specifically on the vegetarian items, as I wasn't a vegetarian at the time, but I can tell you that the Lamb Couscous is amazing, flavorful and well worth the price of admission.  The spicy orange beef and Tuvak are also amazing well prepared, flavored, spiced and served.  The food from this place always looks picture perfect, sometimes I'd feel bad eating it.  I trust that the vegetarian items are good, given my girlfriend's persistence to keep eating here.  We'd always end our meals with a turkish coffee, which was pretty good.  I've had better.  And the baklava, well, it's the only place I've ever had baklava, so I don't have a frame of reference.  I love this place, I suggest it whole heartedly.
Good food.  Relaxing environment, moderately priced.  Just doesn't rock my socks off but hey you'll be happy.
Solid. Portion sizes are moderate but very tasty. Prices are very reasonable.
Despite tough competition from similar restaurants on state street, Husnu's is probably the best Mediterranean option.  I went for the first time last week, and was very impressed with both the service and the food.  We sat on the outdoor patio which was pleasant in the last days of summer and they started us off right with a basket of deliciously warm bread and dipping oil.  The bread wasn't anything special, but it did have some kind of mild spice that gave it some flavor and made it quite filling.  Both my girlfriend and I also had soup, so by the time the meal came out we were almost completely full (my only mistake here).  The meals themselves were generous and well-rounded.  We tried the kabobs with rice and the chicken couscous, both of which were extremely tasty.  The couscous was perfectly cooked and well combo'd with the sauce from the slow cooker (or whatever they used to make the food so tender).  Our waitress was polite and talkative, albeit a little slow at bringing out drink refills, but it was a nice night on state so we weren't really too bothered by it.  My only other gripe would be that the prices were a bit much, but you certainly got a good deal of food and there were a lot of menu options that sounded enticing.  I've had better Mediterranean food in other cities, but for Madison this is one of the better stops.
My wife and I stumbled on this restaurant for our last night in town and were only disappointed we hadn't found it sooner.  Great hummus and good local brews.  Service was friendly and prompt.
My mother is an Egyptian and my grandmother is a Turk, so I have high expectations when I come to a place like Husnu's. I grew up eating food like this, so I arrived at Husnu's hoping for some comfort food to fill the gap in my diet that's been there ever since I left home. And not only did Husnu's meet this expectation; it went far above and beyond it.  Simply put, the food here is excellent. I started my meal out with the best plate of hummus I have ever eaten, in America or in the Middle East. At $7, it was a little pricey for hummus, but I feel like I got my money's worth. I received a very large portion, and it was thick, hearty, and filled with vegetables. It had a very unique taste to it, leading me to believe that it was derived from a bean other than chickpeas.  I then received a salad with my entree that tasted very bland, topped with a cucumber yogurt sauce that was equally as flavorless. It didn't mesh well with the salad, forcing me to load it up with salt and pepper to give it some taste. I wish I had ordered the split-pea soup that my girlfriend got; it was chunky and creamy with a very strong taste of peas, and was great for dipping.  The hummus and soup were complimented by the flatbread that gets brought out to every table. While it could have been better had they simply heated it up a bit, it still tasted great and brought out the flavors in the other dishes. It had a simple, yet unusual taste and texture, in a completely good way. I assume they added some spices in there to give it that extra taste.  The only reason I wouldn't give Husnu's 5 stars is because my waitress was terrible at her job. I had to ask for my water to be refilled multiple times before it ever was, and went thirsty for most of my meal. The service was somewhat slow and she frequently neglected us, leaving dirty plates on our table for extended periods of time. It was busy, but not anything that a couple of sufficiently-talented waitresses couldn't handle. But I recognize that this was probably a fluke, and the food more than made up for it.  So finally after a long but not intolerable wait, I received a plate loaded with lamb and rice that I couldn't wait to dig in to - the lamb pida (pita). The lamb was topped with a tomato-based sauce that was just as enigmatic as everything else at this restaurant, that tasted incredible both on the lamb and as a dip for the bread. It was a little sweet, a little spicy, and contained both the aforementioned yogurt sauce (which went much better with this plate) and sauteed onions fried exactly to the point where they were so perfectly caramelized that they tasted like candy. I would have been happy had they just served me a plateful of this sauce and nothing else.  The rice pilaf, which can oftentimes be too dry or overloaded with extra grains at your run-of-the-mill Turkish restaurant, was instead perfectly spiced and cooked to a simple, fluffy yellow bed of rice that was wonderful both on its own and in combination with the meat or in a pita sandwich. The plate came with pita bread that was decent, but rather flimsy, so I just used the flatbread to make sandwiches and used the pita for dipping instead.  Finally, the lamb. The lamb was everything that lamb should be at a Mediterranean restaurant. I haven't had lamb this good ever since my last visit to Cairo. There's an Egyptian Arabic word which I can't remember right now which refers to meat that has a perfect ratio of fat to muscle that gives it a soft, tender consistency. Well, it's exactly that. This lamb practically melted in my mouth like butter.   All in all, I was extremely satisfied with my experience here and will definitely be coming back in the future. I wholeheartedly suggest this place to anyone who's thinking of going.
I went to Hunsu's again on a less busy night, and while the service had improved, the food had gone way down in quality. I once again ordered a lamb pita. The meat was no longer melt-in-your-mouth delicious, it was just in-your-mouth. It wasn't bad, but I could have found meat like this at any restaurant or chain anywhere else. The sauce was a travesty. I'd swear they just slapped a dollop of yogurt from a jar onto my pita, and that is what really made me leave disappointed.
Came here tonight, They customize orders if you are veggie, if the ones on the menu don't do it for you.. so I ordered a veggie raki plate ... the hummus was good// I'm not a fan of tabbouleh but it was good because there was not too much parsley in it .. The eggplant in the raki was semi undercooked, and spinach pie was yummy not soggy at all! The baklava was just ok, it would have been better but I think they refrigerated it  .. that was a negative ... I also had the turkish tea .. that was my first time trying it was really good... however my coworker noticed the server did not do the traditional show for serving the turkish tea ... a 360 swing of a tray they bring .. Over all not bad, a entree, appetizer and the tea came out to 17 bucks
I will keep going back, for sentimentalities sake... but that's a story for another time.  ;)  I enjoy the atmosphere, nice indoor lighting and window seats offer a fun view of the busting sidewalk.  The menu is expansive, although it offers only two vegetarian entrees (Eggplant Parmesan and Vegetable Couscous).  Granted, there are soup / salad / appetizer options that are veg-friendly, but I would expect a few more full-size entree offerings as well.  The Veg couscous is good, but not fabulous.  I think it just needs a zestier sauce to kick it up a notch.  It does come with soup or salad, which is appreciated.    The service has been hit or miss, sometimes quite good and other times... just a bit odd.  For example, the last time we were there we ordered a bottle of wine.  The waitress brought the bottle (already uncorked) and set it next to me (and I wasn't the one who'd ordered it) along with two glasses (also both next to me).  She poured a taster amount in one of the glasses, set the bottle down, and walked away!  Hmm!  We had to just laugh because the whole thing was so odd.  Oh well!  I will chalk it up to her being new or untrained in wine service.  Not a huge deal, just funny.  At least the wine turned out to be quite good.  ;)
My favorite place to eat in Madison. Amazing Turkish food for very reasonable prices. Everyone I take here enjoys the meal, even if they've never eaten Mediterranean before.  The Lamb Curry is to die for.  I also enjoy the Turkish coffee.
Went there for lunch and was very pleasantly surprised to find that the food was incredible. You can tell it was fresh and homemade and authentic.   I had the eggplant covered with yogurt sauce and it was amazing and the tabouli was the best I've ever had! It also came with yummy bread and the portions were big for the price.   I would definitely eat here again!
Holy shitbees: best couscous I've ever had in my life. I wish I could just get a plate of the grain alone; the flavoring was just perfect.  The service was great, food was great, restaurant interior was nice, albeit a little crowded. But if they're crowded, that must mean they're doing business and they're doing it good here. Place is pretty cheap for a reasonable-sized portion, too. The person I went out with said you could get the best halibut in town here for $10-ish.  The only thing worth mentioning to me is that the chicken meat was a little dry and chewy, but had a good taste due to the tomato flavor from the sauce. I wish I could kick myself in the head for not trying this place sooner. Now I'm going to be craving that couscous all night.
Food was good. Too bad they were under staffed on Mother's Day when we were there.
I think this place is fine. My dining companions thought it was great. I think the food must just be too rich for me, because I thought everything seemed overwhelmed by sauces. (Perhaps I will return when it is less than 95 degrees out).  They have both indoor and outdoor seating which is nice and the waitress is polite and efficient.  A bit pricey for dinner.
Love the food - great kebabs! Especially lamb. Raspberry chicken dish - delicious. Service is excellent. Owner is devoted to the quality of food and enjoyment of customers. He is often there to greet customers! Great atmosphere - great music. Great hummus! Oh - and try the dumplings! yum yum!
We had heard people who love this place, so we tried it early on in our trip.  I ordered the stuffed mushrooms as my dinner and my dining partner ordered the chicken parmesan.  The soup that came with the parmesan was good, and so was my mango lassi.    However, after about 30-40 minutes, the waitress brought my mushrooms and apologized that the kitchen lost the order and they were just putting in the chicken parmesan order then.  I ate the mushrooms, which were okay, but my dining partner canceled the chicken parmesan order and ended up having taco bell shortly thereafter.  We never did go back - mistakes happen but it was not a good impression.
The food was okay. Neither my friend nor I thought the food was very good.  The service was terribly slow. It took a long time after we finished our meal to get the check and even longer to pay for it.
Husnu's is the real deal.  Though I only tried their deserts I was overjoyed to find perhaps the best home-made baklava I have ever tried.  It was not overly soaked in sugar, delicately flavored with cardamom and other yummy spices.  Husnu came out of the kitchen to greet us personally.  Then again, I was making a giant fuss about how awesome this baklava tasted and ordered a few portions to take back to Florida.  I was delighted to find that Husnu threw in a few extra 'ends' to round out my portion at no charge.  I was eating baklava for days.  Incidentally, it traveled very well and tasted great even after flying a thousand miles south.  My only regret is that I don't live in Madison and cannot get more of Husnu's amazing baklava.  The Turkish coffee is superb too!
Had lunch here today and ordered the Tavuk Dolmasi (Tender chicken breast stuffed with spinach, mushrooms and feta cheese  with a choice of a raspberry-burgundy or a strawberry-mango sauce) It was served with rice pilaf and a salad. for $9.00.  I thought it was good and a good value, would eat here again but would probably go with something less sweet and in a yougurt sauce.  The location on State St makes it a fun place for people watching while enjoying a nice meal. The staff was friendly and attentive.
The only time I have ever gotten food poisoning, I got it here, while I was on vacation.   I was sick for a day and a half, when I decided to try something different other than my beloved Kabul.   Have never been back, and won't ever.
My favorite restaurant on State street. I only ever order two things, either the grilled trout or the lamb shank. Its best to go there during lunch because the food is basically the  same as dinner but costs less. Now that I've moved away from Madison, I really miss this place.
Yum.  The Mediterranean salad is great.  The eggplant parmesan is delicious and slightly non-standard--soupy like stew with little cheese.  Eat out on the patio (during summer months, anyway) and people-watch.
Delicious! Dinners were served with bread, soup or salad, and rice. I had the chicken cous cous, and the veggies were so good in the curry that I wished I had gotten the vegetable curry, but the chicken was very tender.  The yellow lentil soup was really, really delicious and the bread served with olive oil was addictive; don't eat too much though, or you will have lots of leftovers. Also tried a kebab curry with beef that was delicious.  The baklava is extremely fluffy and they don't douse it in honey, which is great. Definitely give it a try if you're looking for a restaurant downtown.
I enjoyed Husnu's, though I do need to note that I enjoyed the food of the others in my party more than my own. The lamb shank was delicious! I ordered a dish with eggplant and yogurt, and it was good, but it was kind of greasy, and the yogurt became overwhelming. Our server was very nice, especially considering we had a group of 9 young adults. We got to sit outside, which was great for a summer evening.
Great for lunch.  I had a friend come down from Minneapolis and I thought this was a great place for her to get her veg on.  She got the borek, and I had the squash.  I absolutely love yogurt on my food.  It probably has nothing to do with my name.
A solid Turkish place. They cover all the basics well. Quality ingredients, good sized servings, not expensive and hustling servers in a well-attended place.  A fan, def!
Very happy about my meal here. Might not have been the best service in town (in fact the waitress forgot our pita) or the most. Original kind of food, but it sure is pretty tasty and pretty authentic too.  I had the grape leaves dolmas and BF had the lamb shank. I loved my dolmas! They had just the right degree of sour and the perfect amount of yogurt vs. red sauce. Pretty great! Only criticism I have is that the leaves were a tad too thick. Didn't get to try the lamb shank but BF seemed to like it!   Rice was also good and I believe it might be more authentic than basmati which is and Indian rice...  Oh and lentil soup was delicious! Just the right amount of spicy!  Will go back to try some of the kebabs and other dishes!
Food is average. The Nile and Middle Eastern Cafe are much better.
Although I cannot speak to authenticity, I can speak to deliciousness. I highly recommend the Raki plate, especially the ispanakli borek, a spinach pastry--amazing! The four stars are due simply to service, which was unfortunately unattentive (almost to the point of avoidance). Definitely don't let that deter you though, because the food really was fantastic. And, ultimately, that's what we were looking for. This is a great place to try something new and be social with friends.
I come from a turkic background and I look the part so naturally I was greeted in Turkish by the owner (i think?). I'm thinking ok this is going to be a great place, very authentic.  Boy oh boy was I wrong!   Mom had the lab kewab, and I had the chicken. Priced very reasonably but I would have been willing to pay a bit more if that means that they can produce a high quality product. Mom said her meat was chewy and hard. I tried a piece and I agreed. My chicken was bland and had a weird texture.   The rice which is usually so so tasty at middle eastern/turkish restaurants was so lackluster. Sorry Husnus but this food was not authentic in any way.
We stumbled upon this place after a game - was just looking for something tasty and warm. We were pretty disappointed. The place looks authentic and has an authentic feel, but when a menu has fettucini alfredo and chicken florentine on the menu, you know it's not going to be authentic.   The lentil soup had little if any flavor. The cucumber yogurt sauce on my salad also had no flavor. For our main dishes, we got the lamb curry, and the asmali tabuk. The lamb curry was filling, but could have been easily make at home. The asmali tabuk was SO sweet! The idea of the dish sounds authentic, but was just crazy sweet.   In the end, the restaurant atmosphere was good. We were cold and very hungry so it served it's purpose, but probably won't return there.
Bland food, stale bread, rancid olive oil.  Kinda sucky
My wife and  I ate there twice, both times we were elated with the food, Acorn squash and chicken was Devine. And the baked trout was also superb. Prices are very good.
I eat here pretty regularly, and I absolutely love their soups!  All of them are delicious.  I have only had the curried vegetables (lunch option) and the vegetable couscous as entrees.  I was not very impressed by the curried vegetables- the curry was kind of bland.  The vegetable couscous is pretty good, but what keeps me coming back is definitely the soup.  The service is usually good, but sometimes worse on weekends when the restaurant is usually much busier.
I like this restaurant. Strategically located on State street, this restaurant is one of our favorites. My favorite ones are lambshank, lamb couscous and/or lamb pide. Lamb Pide is my first choice, as the price and the portion are reasonable.  Their fish curry is close to my native food  taste, so I feel like I'm at home :), which is always some good feeling. I love spicy food, so I can handle it well, but for those who don't like it spicy, you better ask the server to customize it.    I always appreciate their service. The waiter/server is always nice.  Come hungry as they'll provide you with some bread with their homemade olive oil, and some soup or salad prior to your main course. Unfortunately, I've never gotta try their dessert, as we're always having food coma from the appetizer and the main course.  I would love to try their Baklava, some other time.
I can't speak for the food, I didn't try it.  My boyfriend and I planned to until the owners son insulted us.  My boyfriend was talking with him regarding Turkey, the food, culture, suggestions for what to order off the menu, etc.  It's like a switch was flipped and the son, Anan I think was his name, said my boyfriends ego was too high and he was fake.  To my surprise my boyfriend stayed calm, wondering what he'd done or said to make this guy insult him for no reason.  After stumbling on words, he denied ever saying the word "fake".  I interjected that he had, and as another service member I would never talk that way to a customer.  To this his reply was that my boyfriend influenced my thoughts, we were twisting his words and that I am trash.  He proceeded to yell at us as we walked away.  The food may or may not be good.  If you'd like to support people like this, go ahead and try it.  I sure won't.
Food is decent. I ordered a stuffed trout dinner entree. Looks pretty good, a little bit cold. It was quite busy, which explains why they never fill up my glass of water until I'm done with the salad and half way through the trout. Oh, by the way I waited 15ish minutes between my trout and salad. Server never ask how is the food or anything. Salad is decent , bread is tasteless. For some reason all waitress wear short skirts. Is that some eye candies so we won't be piss on our food or service...? Waited another 10-15 minutes just to get the check...everything is in a slow motion..?  Anyway, all these happened in a normal Saturday night. I'm not going to visit it again, until they fix the service part.
I had the lamb, hummus, and pita bread for dinner here. The meat was overly chewy and way under salted. It felt like I got a cheap piece of meat because it felt like I was eating gristle at times.   The lighting was way too dark and tables much too close together for comfort. I understand that it would be a popular place to take a date, but I could not recommend this place for dinner when there are places nearby that would have a better atmosphere and better food.
Food was merely ok.  The bread was cold and our order came back wrong.  The Hommus was served over lettuce, which was weird to eat.  I would only eat here again if I had no choice.  I was surprised especially after all the positive reviews and    awards.
This is a prime example of a place that was bomb.com when it opened, and now and influx of regional eats has made it lose some of its splendor. I still dig it though, not the ginger chicken which has an awkwardly bright color and little ginger taste, but the kabobs... oh man that chicken kabob is delish. I'll head back and explore more of the menu, and my hope is that you will too. The place has a quaint feel that's refreshing on State where something seems to open up every week. I like their style.
I loved your Hummus... I loved your Pita Bread I somewhat liked my Spinach Casserole  But your service needs a lot of help.  1.  My Greyhound was served in a glass with dirt. 2.  There were 4 of us at a table.  2 of my companions got their shish kebab 10 minutes before my friend and I got our meals.   3.  Our server actually said "Is there anything else you need before I go on my break?"  9pm on a Saturday night no less, you get breaks?  I guess there was also supposed to be a tarot card reader that they advertise, but she hasn't shown up in three-four weeks.  Think she is still coming?    At least I was with awesome and intelligent people that made my time there a lot of fun...so I wasn't bitter last night.  (even if I was seated hunched over.  The seating is not good for the back.)  Wished I was in the room with the belly dancing (she could have least came into the other room where most people were dining).  My friend was a little upset over that.
When I worked down in Tempe we often used to come here for lunch. Between the group of us we have sampled numerous selections from the menu and it has all been good to excellent.  The atmosphere is also good and the staff are friendly, making it one of my favorite Tempe lunch spots.
My work buddies and I decided to go here on a lark for lunch today since we were craving something outside of the traditional Americana fare, and it was everything I thought it would be (but not more, hence the average number of stars). There were no belly dancers or tarot card readers, both dinner time lures advertised upon entering, since the noon-to-one crowd is generally geared toward the white collar crowd. That eliminated the possibility of a razzle dazzle performance that may have lured another star out of me, leaving the service, ambiance and food to shine on their own.  The service was adequate. Not really much to say either way on that. I did kind of like the fact that the wait staff was all eating there in a family setting and were just finishing up when I arrived. That immediately raised my expectations, since they wouldn't settle for anything nasty. Also, the kitchen was filled with....Turks! Not a single word of Spanish, which is quite an anomaly in the food service business. Again, my expectations raised.  Upon entering, the customer is given the option of sitting at regular or low seating. I highly recommend the latter, as it consists of plush pillows and short stools arranged around round tables. The main dining area is very open air with warm colors and sparse decorations, but it feels more sterile than the environment created in the adjacent rooms. Within these rooms comfortable open booths and pillows, upholstered in dark, rich colors are accented by decorative lighting that could have been bought from a bazaar and transported straight here. The layout of these side rooms adds to the ambiance and present plenty of opportunity for conversation.   We all ordered lunch specials, which are composed of rice, pita bread, cabbage slaw and a meat of some sort. The lamb that I ordered was a little on the bland side and stringy. It would have done much better stewed than grilled. I would also highly recommend you trade the plain ole white rice for the biriani rice, which is saffron (turmeric?) based with veggie bits and walnuts. It was savory and scrumptious, the exact opposite of the cabbage slaw, which was an odd combination of vinegar, mint and garlic. It was a little pricey for a lunch special, ringing in at $10.95 without beverages, and the dinner specials are even more expensive.  I would come here a second time for the atmosphere, and maybe for the belly dancing, but I would definitely try something else off the menu.
The food I had tonight at Efe's was so good that, even though I'm nowhere near hungry, I can't stop eating my leftovers.   My dinner companion and I started with the appetizer sampler, which consisted of hummus, baba ganoush, stuffed grape leaves, some wonderful eggplant something (patlican sousli, says the menu), and tabbouleh. Verdict: mixed. I hate tabbouleh so I was not impressed by that. Neither were the grape leaves great - I always think I'll like them but I almost never do. But the patlican sousli was delicious, the hummus was insanely garlicky and wonderful, and the baba ganoush was excellent too, though it did have some sort of hickory taste going on in the background that left me a little puzzled. i think next time I'll stick with just the hummus and the patlican sousli.   Our main courses were both, like, ridiculously good. I had the doner kabob, which was grilled steak with pita, rice with saffron and walnuts, and cabbage slaw - the steak was perfectly cooked and super flavorful. My companion had the garlic shrimp, which was just outstanding. Everything was seasoned perfectly and the yogurt sauce that came with my meal was divine: yogurt, garlic, mint. I want to start putting that sauce on everything i eat.   I'll so totally be back. Maybe tomorrow.
Very tasty food but they changed my all time favorite meat dish ever - the Iskender Doner. Its a good dish now but it used to be superb dish. Dont know what happened. The soup is really good.
By far and away one of the best Mediterranean/Middle Eastern restaurants in Tempe, Efe's has been one of my favorite dinner and lunch spots for years. Everything I have ordered there has been delicious, but the dish I would recommend the most is the Iskender Donnner. It is lamb that has been cooked (to my knowledge) on a spit and then  placed on a bed of tomato yogurt-soaked flatbread. It is amazing. I highly recommend this restaurant to those who enjoy a great atmosphere and even better food.
I had lunch here two days ago, having never stepped foot in a Turkish restaurant before in my life. I'm an adventurous diner. Per my standard, I skipped the menu and ask the very friendly waitress/hostess to make a recommendation.   She suggested the Iskender Donner, as it is their signature dish. I order the lunch portion and was quite pleased. Lots of great flavor. The sauces were excellent. Nothing at all to complain about. Even the turkish coffee she suggested was nice -- and I'm not much of a coffee drinker!  High marks. I'm really looking forward to returning some evening when the hookas are blazing.
My mom had been trying to take me here for months, but I just never seemed in the mood for Turkish food (whatever that was). But finally, after getting tattooed for two and half hours I was too weak and exhausted to argue (I forgot how draining it is to bear down against pain for so long, whew).  So I show up at the pretty convenient location (on the outer edges of the always busy Trader Joe's/Changing Hands/Walgreens complex) oozing blood out of my shoulder and took the table by the window - suffice to say I was not in the mood for any antics, rude servers or other malarkey. I noticed a raised up area in the corner by the door that had more traditional seating - lower, round tables and a running cushioned booth along the wall, along with lower barrel type seats on the other side - but didn't feel like balancing while I ate since I could barely stand up. When my mom showed up, though, she wanted to move to that area, so we did and I was pleasantly surprised that it was pretty comfy and of sufficient height to not feel awkward.  The server did not aggravate my intolerance in the least. She was authentically Turkish, so much that we had a little trouble understanding her, but she was helpful and patient by way of explaining some of the more unfamiliar dishes (she's prob used to that). Which, by the way, I found were overall similar to entrees and foods that are recognizable if you've ever eaten at Pita Jungle and the like: falafel, hummus, feta, olives, fresh pita, tobouli and stuff that had different names but was similar to spanakopita and yogurt dressing ... all of which were on the Super Sampler, which we ordered to share.  Note: mom is gluten intolerant and could not eat the tobouli here - who knew there was wheat/flour in some tobouli??  Mom sampled a Turkish wine they had on the menu and immediately vetoed it - if you're feeling adventurous and want to get it, get a sample first. They had plenty of other wine and beer on the menu. Not sure about full bar, I was pretty out of it and in no mood for a cocktail. It was a Saturday night, and at about 7, the live entertainment started! A belly dancer complemented the stellar band of traditional instrumentalists. That was sort of tucked into a separate room, so if you're not into it, you can sit far enough away to ignore.  All in all, this place was charming, right down to décor and the authentic servers and entertainment,  and totally unique. That's not a word I ever use, but charming totally sums it up. And, how cool would you look if you took your date here instead of the super trendy Pita Jungle - with free entertainment to boot? Then mosey to Changing Hands to look at books ... perfect date spot indeed.
I've been here a couple of times and the food pushes it to 3.4 stars, but after the other night I am really frustrated with this place. Don't get me wrong, the food is good but we went last night. The waitress who is actually Polish NOT Turkish asked how many people we had. There were six of us, and she said that we should've called ahead to be accommodated. I looked around, and there was only two other tables of people. one table and a couple and the other had three people who were already done eating. A minute later my friend came in who looked like he knew her, so she quickly sat us.  After about 5-8 minutes, she came over and told us that the computer was down and she couldn't serve us because she couldn't do the taxes. We offered to do the tax on our phones and pay in cash. She just shrugged and walked off. We waited about 7 more minutes to come back. In the meantime she served the other table and threw their plates on the table (they made loud noises it was so hard). Then eventually my friend who said he thought he knew her, went over to see if we could order now. She came immediately to our table, told us the computer was down and she would not serve and that we should leave now. Then she walked away without saying anything.  As I said, I've been here 4 times and the place use to get a 4 (had I reviewed it then), but after being told to leave I DOUBT I will go back anytime soon.
I can't attest for the bad service, but I could see that happening, they're severely understaffed and those that work there seem young. That being said, I will give the 4 stars on their food and ambiance, really the food is 4 star food for the price point in my book.  I don't know if I've just not had Turkish, but the food here is awesome.  Everything is recognizable on the menu: schwarma, lamb shank, hummus, falafel, etc... but when it comes there is always a deliciously different taste to the food.  The baba ganoush is smokey, the falafel is served with a oniony cucumber sauce, and on and on...  Give this a shot.  Strong, yummy flavors in a relaxing, causal environment. Come early for good service?  Dunno.
a bit of a drive for us, but this was well worth it. we met a fellow foodie couple here. they have cool seating, with all the tapestries and low seating, but we opted for a table because i'd gots bad knees. i had a spinach casserole type dish and it was abso-smurfly delic. my girl had another veggie dish was also quite awesome. and the cabbage salad that came on the side was incredible. we also ordered a sampler appetizer and i loved everything on it....a little hummus and a few other items i don't really know because it was all in turkish. i wanted a turkish coffee but the waitress said it was very strong and since i have an early bedtime, i waited on that one.   great food and our waitress was super attentive...something i've really come to appreciate as i've "matured". 2 entrees, an appetizer for 35 bucks. not bad.....
I've been here twice so far and have had excellent service both times...  The food here is divine. I'm normally not a fan of lamb, but Efe's really knows what they're doing with it - fall-off-the-bone tender with no hint of gaminess whatsoever. Falafel and hummus are excellent, but standard. Lemony chicken soup was flavorful and creamy but not heavy. Apple tea was a little sweet for me, but I would recommend it - iced or hot. Even the rice is amazing, as are the beef dishes, and I love the slaw with mint. Portions are huge.  I'm docking a star as the music, while live, is louder than fcuk.
Due to the bad economy, Efe's has closed. I am so sad!
Unique place that you wouldn't stop at unless you were recommended.  Seriously, this isn't the type of place you drive by and say 'oh, let's stop there' -- word of mouth is what I'm guessing drives this business.  We were recommended to visit this place by the entertainer for the evening, a belly dancer.  Efes isn't your typical sit-down restaurant -- in fact, you may have to kneel down.  The environment is to set a casual Turkish dinner setting.  If you have a big party, some of you may be sitting on the floor...don't worry, there are plenty of pillows.  The entertainment was good (if you like belly dancing) and the music was interesting.  Our party of 4 opted for the super sampler to start and the Efes mix to share.  I personally like this type of food.  Exotic, full of spices, not your typical meats.  My wife didn't necessarily find it great, but ate some and didn't complain :-).  I think the Doner Kabob was the best.  If you go with a group, the Efes mix was a great way to try a little of everything and was plenty of food for our party of 4.
I really wanted to love this place, since it is run by one of the guys from Efes.  But I couldn't even finish my meal.  First of all, the meat is pre-cooked and microwaved to order. So if you enjoy chewing on tasteless meat for 10 minutes per bite, then you may enjoy this. The price is not cheap enough to forgo proper (and simple) cooking techniques.  The hummus was, however, tasty. Although very familiar. I believe they may have bought it from Middle Eastern Bakery & Deli on 16th street.  The salad that came with my meal was uninspired and I also found what I believe to be a fingernail fragment in it. I don't know. But it was unexpected as it crunched in my mouth.  This place has some potential, but they really need to provide better ingredients and especially better preparation. As is, it's embarrassing to be called Turkish/Middle Eastern food. It's really the McDonald's of the genre.  Also, please. The Mexican hot sauce does not belong in your restaurant, and especially not slathered on your pita bread.
My husband and I are hard core Turkish dining fans - since my hubby is from Turkey.  We were so excited when we found Med Fresh!   The best dish is not even advertised on their menu board - Iskendar.  Crispy pita bread topped with beef doner meat.  A tomato sauce is poured over the top and topped with garlic butter. Dollops of yogurt sauce completes this dish.  It is out of this world!!!!  We have had this in Turkey and it is more delicious than I remembered.  A real treat is the homeade baklava.    The chicken kabobs are lemony and moist.  The plate comes with rice pilaf, yummy salad, hummus, pickle and pita bread.  I usually split it with my daughter because it is so big.  The chicken doner is a nice treat either on a bed of rice or as a pita wrap.  Salads are generous in size and we love the dressing.  The ingredients are fresh and healthy.  The restaurant is always clean and the owners are very nice and welcoming.  Prices are reasonable especially for the amount of food you get.  The chai (tea) is delightful.    We have eaten there every few weeks since the place first opened a few years ago and have never had a bad experience!    **I originally posted in 2008 and we are now half way through 2010 and I can honestly say this place is still one of our favs!
I had never had Turkish food before we went to Med Fresh. It was really good. We have been back twice since! I really love the salad and they have great falafels and hummus. The lentil soup is also super good. Yum!
this place kind of sucks.    taste super cheap and bland. but they try to make it look nice.   way too pricey . and the what i assume is the owner is pretty unfriendly ..    go to munchies two blocks down the street ...
Huge thumbs up to this place, i don't understand how 2 of the reviews are so bad? how does one person say the meat is microwaved when its actually cooked infront of you either on the barbaque if its kebob, ect..or on the Big skewer for Shawerma?   The owners are from Istanbul, Turkey and i have been there myself, their food is very authentic and has a great taste. Turkish food is very similar to Arabic, mid-eastern food and its full of spices and taste, ect...  Their red special secret sauce is incredible and i have not had it before!   I suggest you try this place!  Also i don't get how the owners are not friendly *although i have heard this before from someone* they are usually very nice to me, i think sometimes if you go at night when only 2 people are working and they are very busy they are a bit tense!  Try this place you will love it, order the Beef Shawerma!!!
This place is kind of a strange mix.  It seems like a take out place, and yet they have pretty nice seating.  It's like they're trying to make it an eat in place, but can't quite get the atmosphere right.  Anyway, the people are very nice and enthusiastic.  They make great food that they obviously take very seriously.  If you've never had Mediterranean food before, this is a good place to pop your cherry.
Med Fresh has all the ambience of a take-out place, but without the cheap prices or speed.  For $10, the chicken was dry, lukewarm, and boring, the hummus was grainy, and the rice was sad. This might have been because I visited after the dinner rush; everything seemed like it had been sitting just a little too long. The pita was good, as was the salad. The sauce was great - I wished there was more! - though I did add some extra hot sauce to it.   There definitely wasn't a microwave- the food was all laid out, and you could watch them prepare it.  I really wanted to like the owner I met, but he spent the entire time I was there talking to another customer, while customers piled up waiting for food. The guy who took my order and prepared my food was new, and couldn't keep up with everything that needed done. He seemed like a sincerely earnest guy though, so maybe in a few weeks I'll come back and love him.  Two stars for now, but I want to come back and give it more.
I have been here a couple times now.  I can't say that I have seen problems with service either time I was here.  The atmosphere in here is nice enough.  The workers were all smiles, and moved very quickly to get the orders out.  It was busy, but I was still able to find a seat and eat my lunch.  The problem that I had was with the food itself.  It wasn't bad, it was just... bland?  I ordered the Gyro plate, and it wasnt as good as I had hoped.  I have been to other Mediterranean restaurants, and the food seemed to have more flavor to it.  The pita was fine - but the Gyro meat was not very seasoned, and the rice was rather plain.  Maybe I will go back in a few weeks and give it another shot, just to see if things were off when I went these last few times.  It would be good to have tasty gyros near where I work.
I got a combo plate, and I thought the food was fresh, flavorful, and fulfilling. :)  I mean, I definitely thought some meats were better than others, but it's a personal preference.  The chicken was juicy and well-cooked.  I don't think this place deserves those bad reviews, but check it out for yourself!
Ok, I created an account specifically to reply to some of these idiots who post on here. First of all, no one microwaves the meat at Med Fresh. They cook it right in front of you. Second of all, I am a chef specializing in a fusion of Mediterranean and other cuisines, and they do it right here.   The food is very authentic. I don't know where "Paul R." went, but the salad is excellent there. Comprising of only romaine lettuce, fresh tomato, red onion and their excellent dressing, it is as simple as a salad needs to be without missing out on ingredients (and taste). What crunched in his mouth was probably the fresh produce on the salad.   There is no Mexican hot sauce on the pita bread, it is a roasted red pepper puree of some sort, and is completely native to the flavors popular in Turkey. Clearly, the previous reviewer Paul either is completely void of any knowledge of food critique, or he is incapable of enjoying a good meal. Whichever of these is true, however, is irrelevant because it is clear that he has no real insight on the great food to be offered at Med Fresh.  The garlic/horseradish spread is excellent. I personally love the Chicken Kebabs and the rice there as well. I like to take a pita half, spread the garlic spread on it, put some rice and red onion on and top it off with chicken, roll it up and eat it like a mini chicken gyro! This flavor combination is unmatched by many local mediterranean restaurants.   Don't be scared by some of these reviews, take it from me and I promise that you will not be disappointed. I have been to Med Fresh approximately 10 times and I have never once had a bad experience. Oh and if you're in a hurry, I wouldn't necessarily recommend Med Fresh. It does take some time to get your food, but again, no one is claiming that it's fast food.   Thanks for reading.
"doner"? I think not.
Man...I hate myself for not going to Phoenicia Cafe when In Season Deli didn't have there tables set up.  I met up with a gf on Mill and we decided on this place after finding In Season Deli didn't meet our qualifications for girl time. The poster outside said eat healthy and live longer.  And since I'm always trying to eat healthy, I thought this would be a great place.  So I decided on the small Greek salad and my friend got the hummus with chicken.  I know, not a lot of food, but bike riding in 113 degree weather on a full stomach sucks.  The food came quickly, and that was no small Greek salad!  They also had pita along with the salad, so it looked like a lot of food.  The salad itself looked fresh, but the dressing was overkill.  For being a "healthy" place, a dressing that tastes and looks like mayonnaise all over a salad does not qualify as healthy.  Something was off there.  As for my friend, she said the hummus was bland and no where near Pita Jungle's.  While I don't agree Pita Jungle is the best or most authentic hummus, to each their own.  This place gets a pass from me next time I'm hungry and on Mill.  Off to Phoenicia!
I gotta say this place is great and WELL worth the money. When in town I frequent this place for lunch on a regular basis. No microwaving for sure! EVERYTHING I have ever eaten there has been made fresh in front of my eyes!!!! Even the soup is heated to order on the stove in a pan!!!! NO microwave! The greek salad is huge and though the dressing is different its good.... This has a definate turkish flair and is awesome and priced right. The hummus and Baba is great. I love the beef donner wrap and load it up with the chili sauce!!! The GF loves the kabobs and Dad usually gets the LARGE and I mean large salad with chicken kabobs.... You cant go wrong
Tasty sandwich . When i eat there another time .. I'll rate again. .. for now the sandwich gets a 5 ..
I have been meaning to tell yelpers about this place...But silly me, the yelpers seem to have known about this long before me! You guys are so in the know!  Well I'm happy to see that everyone loves this place as much as me! I discovered this place when I used to work on Mill ave. Let me tell you it only took one hesitant lunch before I was craving it every night!  First off...they deliver! For a fat kid on the go, This is always a plus! To find a place that delivers that is neither Chinese or pizza is pretty freakin cool!  Second...The owners are super nice! They always great you with a smile and work hard to make sure that you are satisfied with your order. It is a little hard to understand them, but it just means the food is authentic. At least I think so!  And the most important...The food is really good! I love their vegetarian plate and the desert is wonderful! I would choose this place over big fat Greek any day of the week! really beyond good.  The only bad that dropped it from a 5 to a 4 star...location, location, location. Mill is such a pain in the butt to drive on. and the parking is no better. But I will always brave the crowds of students and snow birds to eat there any day!
The presentation of this small restaurant isn't much.  The tables and chairs are uncomfortable and are more indicative of a fast food joint.  That's about all that's mediocre about this place though.  The sandwich combo I got was tasty.  I got a Turkish tea that was a unique, pleasant experience.  They have free refills!  I finished my meal and people watched on the patio as I enjoyed my Turkish tea.  It reminded me of drinking Pilsners in Prague last summer.  I'd give this place of try if you live in the area and have never been.  I wouldn't go out of my way just for the food if you're out of town, however.
The MedFresh Turkish Grill has the best mixed plate I've had in years!  The actual dish is called the Mixed Grill and though it's a bit pricey ($12.95) for the common ASU student...for a chubby guy like me who'll pay dearly for a great meal, it's a fucking fantastic deal.  The FRESH in the name holds true to it's veggies and meats alike.  I'm addicted to the place.  They have a fountain drink selection as well as canned and bottled beverages.  They also carry AZ Iced Tea cans...I like the Strawberry Kiwi flavor - beware they do charge $1.99 for the $0.99 can, so if you're picking up the food to go like I do...get your drinks somewhere else.  They have a couple of TVs in there and during the evenings seem to have sports on for the most part.  The staff is very nice and never seem to be in a crappy mood...they always answer my questions and the place is very clean.  If you like Turkish or even like a Greek style food...then you MUST give this place a shot (no..seriously, do it).  They have a nice spicy sauce that isn't quite as hot as some Mexican salsas but it's still damn tasty.  I must mention this...it's a bit out of place, but they have a cool older style Raiders mirror on the wall.  Being a faithful Raiders fan myself...I have to say that it's badass.  It's a very West Coast place.  If I had my own review site...I'd give this place 5 West Sides.
If your looking for some good Mediterranean food I would go here.  They give you a bang for your buck, a chicken kabob platter comes with salad, hummus, and 4 pieces of pita that is amazingly delicious.   I will definitely come back for a meal to go.  I would even suggest ordering before you go because it takes a bit of time to cook so you know.   Recommendation: To anyone on mill not going to the bars and is hungry and in the mood for some pretty damn good hummus.
...I ate there yet again.  I cannot get enough of this place...so fucking good!  The Mixed Grill plate is the meal of my choice...I'm seriously addicted.  Someone please save me!
Last day in AZ, and my friend and I were looking for a quick bite to eat before heading toward the airport.  We randomly walked in to Med Fresh Grill because it seemed healthy and wasn't too crowded.  I had the vegetarian plate which came with hummus, baba ganouj, falafel, tabouleh, dolmas, small salad, and pita bread. Wow, I wish I had discovered this place sooner.  The hummus was one of the best hummus that I've had. Creamy, but not too oily, good flavors. Best item on my plate.  I didn't care for the tabouleh, but I liked the dolmas and baba ganouj.  The hummus though really stands out.   My friend had the chicken pita wrap combo with fries. When they called our number, they only had the fries and forgot the wrap! The guys apologized, but it was still a little annoying since it wasn't crowded. I'm not sure how long we waited for our food, but it wasn't fast.  On the other hand, everything did taste fresh, so I'd rather wait for quality food.   Parking can be a pain, but the food was definitely worth it. Great find in Tempe. Get the hummus.
For the most part I love Med Fresh. Their salad dressing is amazing, and the meat is great. You can see the meat being roasted, and the food being prepared. Great for vegetarians as well...my friend loved her vegetarian meal. They are very clean, and for the most part very friendly. Wish the prices wouldn't keep going up, however I still keep paying it! Make sure you ask them for the their hot sauce, it not only ads spice to your meal, but a wonderful flavor too!
My husband and I went there recently. We are both from the Mediterranean and absolutely love food. I had the lamb kabob and I loved it. The meat was juicy and tender, perfectly seasoned. Their rice is everything but blend. First bite into it and all the spices hit you at once, definitely worth it. I was a little disappointed in the baba ganoush dish as I expected it to be more like the aydari. My husband totally loved the shawarma, chicken combo and the garlic spread. Though a little bit on the pricey side, it's worth trying it.
I  loveeee the food here! I recommend the chicken wrap. If i could rate JUST the food I would give Med Fresh 5 stars. If you're lookin' for some yummy food at a decent price and don't care so much about the appearance i would say Med Fresh is for you.   As you may have noticed I tend to rate bathrooms....If a business has a cruddy bathroom it can really bring the rating down a star or two... I don't know about you, but when you use a dirty bathroom in an okay restaurant, it makes you wonder what their Kitchen looks like.  As for Med Fresh....they share bathrooms with other nearby businesses. I wasn't a fan. You had to borrow a key that is on a wooden rod form the front. I was grossed out by the idea of other people holding onto that key after using the restroom. yuck
The food is always fresh and made to order at Med Fresh. The portion sizes are huge which they should be since the prices are a little high. But they pile it on I like the Mixed Grill which includes chicken and some other meat, humus, pita bread, small salad, and rice. This plate usually lasts me for 2 meals but today I was exceptionally hungry and I ate it all gone. The staff is always friendly and the restaurant is always clean.
The grilled chicken kabobs are my favorite. Every day they make fresh baklava and other desserts. The side salad is tossed in a homemade garlic lemon dressing served with cucumbers and tomatoes. Healthy and yummy. Family owned. Owners are originally from Turkey so the food is very authentic. I have visited Turkey several times and actually prefer the Inskender here to the ones I had in Turkey. As someone else mentioned - this is not on the menu but really worth ordering. Takes time to prepare because there are lots of steps to the dish. Toasted pita bread, then doner, then tomato sauce, then yogurt and finally garlic butter poured over the top. OMG. So good.   Hummus, veggie options, falafels, fruit smoothies, etc.  Lentil soup is made from scratch and hits the spot.   Everything is made fresh to order. Love that there is a locally owned healthy eatery near ASU!
I am a hummus fiend. I have made tabbouleh so delicious that the heavens parted and rained down tears of joy upon its consumption. I will cut a bitch over the last dollop of garlic dip. Don't even get me started on baba ghanoush.  So it's almost a guarantee that I will like anything that draws upon a Mediterranean flavor palate.   Med Fresh is no exception.  It's technically Turkish, but I don't split hairs when it comes to Mediterranean. The pitas are fresh and flavorful, the tzatziki is kickin' and the gyro meat (beef and chicken) are always moist and delicious. Everything is prepared as you order it and you have a clear view of the goings-on in the sunken kitchen. The staff can be a bit terse at times but they're always professional and quick to disperse a busy lunch rush.   The platters are priced well for the mound of food you receive, and while I have had some tonsil-scraping dry chicken on occasion, the majority of the time the kabobs and koftas are moist and tender. If you simply can't be pressed to make up your mind, go with the mixed grill and get a bit of a variety.   The pita sammich special (#16) is the best bang for your buck on the menu. Pita, meat, tomato, lettuce, weird pickles and secret sauce. Served with tzatziki and their killer spicy red sauce. Salad or fries on the side. $6.95.   Oh yeah.
I have enjoyed Med Fresh each time I've gone.  Their skewered and grilled chicken seems to be what I order the most.  It is always very moist and tasty.  I've also gotten a combo platter that has a little bit of everything and I haven't been disappointed in anything in that either.  Their salad is simple but good.  The pepper spread on the pita is a nice addition as well.  As many others have said, their garlic sauce is very flavorful and is good with just about everything.    The place is clean and the staff is always friendly and helpful.
My husband and I are hard core Turkish dining fans - my hubby is from Turkey.  We were so excited when we found Med Fresh a few years ago!   The best dish is not even advertised on their menu board - Iskendar.  Crispy pita bread topped with beef doner meat.  A tomato sauce is poured over the top and topped with garlic butter. Dollops of yogurt sauce completes this dish.  It is out of this world!!!!  We have had this in Turkey on  a few trips and I prefer the Med Fresh version.     The chicken kabobs are lemony and moist.  The plate comes with rice pilaf, yummy salad, hummus, pickle and pita bread.  I usually split it with my daughter because it is so big.  The chicken doner is a nice treat either on a bed of rice or as a pita wrap.  Salads are generous in size and we love the dressing.  The ingredients are fresh and healthy.  The restaurant is always clean and the owners are very nice and welcoming.  Prices are reasonable especially for the amount of food you get.    A real treat is the homeade baklava.  It is flaky, buttery and made the authentic way - with sugar and not with honey.  The chai (tea) is delightful.    We have eaten here every few weeks have never had a bad experience!
Really think this place brings for their cost, speed, quality and location.  Their food is very good and reasonably priced and always cooked fresh upon your order.  The kitchen is extremely clean and makes you feel good about what you are eating.  The chicken is fantastic as is the falafel, salads and hummus.  The fries leave a little to be desired but you really shouldn't be ordering those at a place like this.  This is not a place that you would bring a date to or be looking for a night out.  If you are looking for quality food at slightly higher than Subway prices than this is the place for you.  Also if you haven't had this type of food before this is a great intro to it and unless it is very busy the staff will offer you a sample.
I had a nice lunch there this week. The Lady who took my order seamed extra pleasant. The food was good/ok. I will try again to see if there are any items that are really good. I had heard that the humus? is very good. Maybe I will increase my rating if it is a standout.
I do like their food but sometimes it's only ok.  We orderded our food and it's honestly kind of a mediocre portion.  We sat outside and i believe the owner was smoking even though there was a no smoking sign.  It was pretty obnoxious.  He then went inside and brought our food out...gross.  It's next to my work and it's something different to eat.
A friend recommended Med Fresh's falafel, so I thought I'd give them a try. It was so yummy! Usually you get big falafel balls, so each bite is either all falafel or no falafel. Med Fresh spreads theirs out so there's an even falafel distribution. This is very important. (Is there a Yelp award for using the word "falafel" the most times in one review?)  I went there for lunch to escape the office. Some people feel awkward eating alone, but almost everyone there was enjoying lunch solo. The guy at the register talked me into a strawberry-banana smoothie, which was sweet and tasted fresh.
I love Med Fresh -- their chicken donar, the vegetarian platter, the lentil soup -- all the stuff of dreams. But:  The spinach salad on the new menu is hard to eat. Can there be anything worse? It's tart-on-tart with little relief. And such a shame! You get beautiful perfect spinach with red cabbage, and absolutely gorgeous feta. But it's dressed with balsamic vinegar and (I think) pomegranate juice, with no balancing element to reduce the bite and add another dimension. The effect is to exagerate that sensation you get from raw spinach that all of the surfaces of your mouth have been scoured. It was actually uncomfortable to eat. And expensive! After paying extra for pita, my lunch, with no meat or nuts on it, was over $10 -- no drink.   Speaking of the bill -- this place is pretty pricey and inching up. It's always crowded, tho, so I guess they know their market. For me it's an occassional treat.   That said, everything else at/about Med Fresh is wonderful -- hence the 4 stars. Really nice people and amazing, delicious healthy food.  Just don't order that salad!
I looked them up on Yelp! and ordered a take out order based on their website menu.  When I arrived to pick it up both items that I ordered were 2 + dollars more than their own menu.  When I mentioned it to the cashier she was not at all apologetic and did not offer any concession on the price.  No one behind the counter seemed to care that they had just shafted their customer.  They cared even less when I told them that I would most likely NOT be back.  The food was good, although I can get good Mediterranean several other places around town.  My prediction is that there may be a restaurant available on Mill Ave if this is any indication of how much they care about their customers.
I absolutely love this place. We go on occasion for lunch at work and I always get the same thing: The Chicken Doner Plate. The chicken is noms, their hummus is as good as any I've ever had, the garlic paste they give you is delicious (but lethal--don't eat it if you have a meeting later), and their rice is just killer. Only complaint is that it's a little pricey for lunch (which is why we don't go all that often) but it's worth it if you're craving some really good Turkish chow.
Great lunch spot on Mill Ave!  I've had tabbouleh, the chicken salad and the vegetarian plate - all have been spot on.  My co-workers also like the chicken donner and the kebabs.  Two drawbacks, though:  First, it's expensive.  Whenever you add chicken to a salad, they add $3.50, which brings your bill up above $10.  Second, service isn't exactly speedy.  I realize that fresh, quality food isn't cheap and takes some time to make, but I have time constraints and a different price point for a work lunch.  4 stars.
After traveling to 40 different states, and eating in countless Turkish, Greek, Mid Eastern and Mediterranean restaurants, only one place had the best baklava in the US. And none came even close. It was Med Fresh Grill. Baklava was just amazing. To die for. Crispy on the top moist and sweet at the bottom with generous portions of pistachio in the middle.  Even only for the baklava they deserve to be the best.   The Kebabs are excellent as well, get the mixed kebab plate. Amazing garlic sauce, amazing meat.  I just loved this place, and wished to live in Phoenix just to eat baklava anytime I want from Med Fresh Grill.
If you look at Med Fresh Grill from the outside, you might ask yourself: What is this place?  And right you should: there's outdoor seating, there's "grill" in the name, and behind the fast food style counter, there's bottles of liquor, it's all very confusing.  Med Fresh Grill is a low profile restaurant with high-end turkish food.  Their falafels are moist, and scrumptious.  Their portions are generous, you will NOT leave hungry.  Do not pass this place up.  It is a hidden gem of Tempe.
We stopped in last night before a show at the Gammage looking for a good quick bite to eat.   The waitress was quick to seat us, take our drink orders and recommeded a Turkish pilsner that we decided to try.  My friend recommended the chichen doner, equating it to chicken shawrma, but I still found my self torn between that and the lamb kabob wrap.    Ordering the chicken doner with a side salad, my friend decided on the falafel plate.    While it took a bit to get the food out, under any other circumstance time would not have been an issue, but since we had to be somewhere and we were hungry it felt a lot longer than I am sure it was in reality.   My chicken doner was served fresh and  piping hot off the grill  with a side of tzatziki and a spicy tomato based "salsa" and the salad was fresh romaine lettuce, tomatos and cucumbers, drizzled with a rich spicy dressing.    The Chicken doner was seasoned superbly and garnished with pickles and tomatoes.  I enjoyed this much more than the chicken shwarma at Al-Hana.   My friend's falafel plate looked amazing with a salad, 4 or was it 6 good sized pieces of falafel, hummus and some warm pita.  The turkish pilsner accompanied the meal well.   After we were done, the waitress offered hot tea on the house, and had we not had somewhere to be we would have stuck around for some hot tea.   The service here was excellent and the waitress was very friendly.   So why 3 stars and not 4 or 5.  Well later in the evening my friend started feeling ill, poor guy.  By the time intermission rolled around he was feeling queezy and by the shows end the guy was hurting. [Don't blame it on the performance...that was pretty good.]  While I was not feeling bad, admittedly he did have a few things on his plate that I didn't have.  I need to check on him this morning.
Tried this place today at the suggestion of a friend and I am so glad that she did!  I had the chicken gyro plate and was very impressed.  The amount of food is quite plentiful; seasoned and sliced chicken gyro meat atop a bed of saffron rice, small side salad, pita wedges, garlic sauce, hummus and their own brand of hot sauce.  Chicken was grilled and sliced perfectly thin.  Garlic sauce packs a punch.  This platter and a large drink came to about $13, but they do have smaller portion options as well.    I've eaten at a number of Mediterranean places in the area, some have come, gone and/or fallen off my list of places that I care to patronize.  Now that I've discovered MedFresh, I don't miss them at all.  Additional details -- It is in a great location on Mill, within easy walking distance of offices, parking and even light-rail.  The interior is very comfortable and spacious.  The proprietors at the counter are very friendly and happy to have you in their establishment.  Oh, and they serve Coke products!  ++
I used to come here a lot and the food was fantastic.  This place used to be underrated and then all of a sudden it became really popular.  Ever since that happened, the food started to be lower quality and just not taste very good.  I give it 2 stars because it used to be good, but really it should only get 1 now.
This is by far my  most favorite Turkish place. I have been to this place countless number of times and was never disappointed. In fact, now that I don't stay in Tempe anymore, I always make it a point to visit this place whenever I go to Tempe.   I  love their chicken kabob platter. Chicken skewers are always perfectly marinated and moist. I also love their rice, pita, garlic dip and salad served on the side. I have tried falafel and chicken gyro sandwiches as well and those were pretty good, too. I would highly recommend this place if you happen to be in Tempe downtown.
Some of the best you can get in Phoenix.  Great falaffel & schwarma.  Very consistent.  Always good.
This place is wonderfull!! I eat there at least once a week...the food is flavorfull and delightfull...I have spread the word about med fresh and my friends agree its wonderfull! They never use a microwave and prepare everything in fron of you.  This place isn't fast food so don't compare it to Mcdonalds, it gets the job done and I highly recommend it.
Best Turkish place in town. There food is amazing and the owners are very friendly and warm people. The food is a little bit pricey for an everyday lunch however they get 5 stars for serving Efes Pilsner & consistently being tasty. Can't go wrong with any of their plates!
Med Fresh is delish... Always get the Chicken Kabob .  Our visit last friday was very enjoyable!  The food is cooked fresh and the service is superb.  The chicken was moist and flavorful, the hummus was very creamy.  The salad and dressing was so fresh.  Every flavor on the plate complements each other and to top it off the garlic paste is to die for!  My son had the Beef Gyro and loved it!  All in all this place is great!
AMAZING!  The food is plentiful and always fresh.  I always walk away stuffed with leftovers.  The decor inside is very nice.  The staff is friendly and provides quick service.  Love Med Fresh!
Good food.  Small portions, especially for a Mediterranean joint at the prices they are charging.
sorry have to knock this place down a notch since they charge 50 cents for a water cup... Don't think this is even legal in AZ.  Still great food though!
Good food. Girl is not too friendly  unless your Turkish. SMALL portions LARGE PRICES! Not enough hummus or babagounish. Veggie platter price keeps going up with all the other prices. Really good food just skimpy on things and prices are very expensive for this kind of fast food.
Liked it lots. I had the mixed grill, that had marinated grilled chicken, grilled steak tips, and a ground meat strip with spices. The accompaniments were a yummy salad with some yogurt dressing, lovely creamy hummus, and a small dollop of creamy roast garlic. They had grilled the pita and used the inside of it to slightly "soak " up the juices from the meats. It was just enough to moisten it, then it was sliced in about 8 pieces. It was fresh, light, perfectly herbed. Just the right thing at night time. Not really busy like other places
I am Turkish and Med Fresh Grill does not do a good job to represent Turkish food. Their doner (gyro) is not good at all. Their Adana kebap was ok when they started their business but now it is disaster to eat. It was only choice to eat some Turkish food in Valley. Luckily, now, there is a new Turkish restaurant (called as Turkish kitchen on Warner Ave -between Arizona and Alma School Rd in Chandler) opened last week. If you try their food, you can definitely understand how Turkish food should taste. I hope with this  new Turkish restaurant, Med Fresh Grill can reconsider their menu again to find the true essence of Turkish food.
Had a falafal pita. I've had it many times at other places, and let me just say....I've had much better. Two other people I went with also said their dishes were just ok. One of them wanted to go there to have the turkish tea, but the lady who took our order said it was too early for them to make tea... mmm, it was past noon.  I wouldn't recommend this place to others.
This place is bomb!  I have eaten here several times and have never had a bad experience!  My co-worker suggested My Big Fat Greek, and I drove right past it to get to Med Fresh.  The portions are very generous, and most importantly the food is DE-LISH!  For the price, you get a lot of amazing food.  The chicken kebob is my favorite, and it comes with saffron rice, hummus, salad, tahini and pita bread.  The staff/owners are incredibly nice and will happily chat with you about the food if you ask them questions.  I would say it's not quite a "hole in the wall" but definitely not a chain-gang restaurant.  GIVE THEM A TRY -- You will earn your membership into the "Clean Plate Club" for sure!
The food here is some of the best middle eastern / turkish food in the valley. I would go here more often if the prices weren't so high. $16 for a lunch is more than I care to spend everyday.
Wow... so great! Good portions. Awesome flavors. They got it right here!
Amazing falafal ----best falafal I have ever tried & I have had alot! I ordered the Veg Platter & it was all very good. The dolmas were delish & I generally don't like those. The hummus was pretty good (but I like mine the best). The baba was good but needed a tad more salt. The tabouleh was also excellent. All and all a great meal & I will definitely be back.
The food was pretty bad. Enough for me to sign up and write my first review on Yelp.  I was in town for business and wanted some middle-eastern food. Checked Yelp and this place had a good rating.  Inside looked nice and I saw what I wanted which was the Adana (ground beef) kabob. The picture looked tasty. With a drink the total was $15, yes $15!  Got my food and it looked nothing like the picture. Small portion of dry overcooked flavorless beef with a bed of awful Spanish rice and a salad with a little bit of honey Dijon dressing. Hardly authentic or flavorful especially for 15 bucks. I suggest you look elsewhere in town for good kabobs because the food was just plain bad.
This is one of my favorite places on mill. We need to support more local businesses. Although the prices have gone up a bit it's still worth a visit.
The food here is great! The staff is always polite too, which is nice on Mill.   Within the past year or so they have changed it to a 'sit down, and we come take your order'  style restaurant... I wish they would go back to walking up to the counter style though. The new way seems kind of stuffy for a restaurant on Mill.
There are plenty of places on Mill Ave. to get Mediterranean food, and this small restaurant is one I frequent regularly.    I mostly get my food to go because the atmosphere isn't all that inviting, and as others have stated, the chairs are uncomfortable.  Their hummus and rice are both excellent, and I'm a big fan of their doner kebab meal.  Munchie's has a tastier Gyro combo, but Med Fresh grill has tastier meals.  The rice and the side salad really add to the fullness factor, as I always feel like I've eaten too much.
This place is a lot of fun. We have a large distributor out of Turkey, so we've made many trips to this place and made friends with Yusef, the owner. What a great host! I really like the baclava, but if you're new to Turkish food, just be bold and go for the Adana kabob!
Far and away the best $10 bucks you can spend on Mill Avenue is the Chicken Kabob plate at Med Fresh!  Everyone I've ever taken here has simply loved it.  The owners are very friendly and treat you like family.
Wow, the chicken was too burned and they charged me $1.99 for grilling the tomatoes and onions but didn't tell me. When I objected they just said, "Oh well." Not for me. There are too many other good Med places in Tempe.
There are many Med options out there, and like one person has noted, there are a handful on Mill that cater this type of food. Unfortunately for the others, this one is the best. Aligning the walls of this establishment are awards for their outstanding service and food. The owner is Turkish and has developed an amazing array of handmade dishes he undoubtedly learned to love in his native country.  I appreciate so many different things about this place. The gyros are great and the food feels fresh, not processed or stale. The salads are good, as is the humus. Being a smaller business, they make their dishes in house, and the processed foods are swept away, making this a quality and enjoyable meal. It might taste different to you, and that's because it is.   There are many fine Greek restaurants out in the valley that push out amazing dishes, this is not a "fine dining" establishment like others, filled with waiters and high priced side dishes. What Med-Fresh does is  push out amazing food at a good price, and the locals have steadily fell in love with it. I was worried with the economic downturn that this start up might not last, but ASU students and locals have embraced it.. Also, notice all the ethnic and minority groups that frequent this place. Its a very good sign of whether or not its a true-blue restaurant, or non-traditional. I always notice many foreign students sitting and enjoying the food, which assures me that considering where they are at for the time being, this is their best and favorite spot.  Try their Gyros first unless you are a big Med food geek, which in that case you can expand further of course. Start small, then go from there. Enjoy!!!
I love Mediterranean food, obviously, for the taste, and also for how guilt-free I feel when eating it because of how healthy and protein-packed it is for a vegetarian like me.  I went to MedFresh Turkish Grill on Mill Avenue, a place I like for its awesomely filling Vegetarian Combo ($8.95). The large plate came with pita bread, hummus, baba ghanouj, tabouleh, dolmas and a Greek salad with homemade Greek dressing I would gladly replace my favorite ranch with any day.  Go there for the food, not the atmosphere, since it's a fast casual, order-at-the-counter type place. It's great for people-watching along Mill, though.
I only had the chicken pita and it was  good.  Not great but better than most of the food on mill.  I would recommend it for a casual or quick bite.
I've hit up the usual "Middle Eastern/Mediterranean" spots in Tempe (We luckily have a quite a few)...and I am so surprised that I have yet to review MedFresh.   I am enamored. Their hummus is divine, their Gyro plates are sublime. Let's talk about the fact that they have chicken and beef/lamb roasting all day...top that with their delicious red sauce (what the heck is that stuff!?)...and it's pure satisfying delight.  They also give you a little side salad, for a well balanced, complete meal.  Now, what makes them stand out? THE QUALITY. Hands-down. Some other places (which shall remain nameless, you've been there, I've been there...they're open late and you needed some drunk food fixins) serve up the nastiest cuts of chicken/beef/lamb. I rarely eat meat as is...so when I do, I don't want gristly, cold, marbley fat meat.  So here we go...in short, just try it once. What can you really lose? You'll find out it's better than the other spots, for the same price, and suddenly you don't have to eat food, while intoxicated, to appreciate it.  Win, win : )
Med fresh owners and cooks smoke in the back of the kitchen. Ummm...illegal much. Whatever happened to health inspectors?
A friend told us about how great this place was and we decided to give it a try. My boyfriend and myself have over 30 years in resturant and customer service experience and I always take a moment to compliment great service, however this time  I was so incredibly disappointed that I felt it was necessary to speak out about how not only was the food FAIR but the lack of customer service was borderline pathetic.    The hummus had no flavor, and the pitas were about the same. When we placed our orders, they were out of the three dishes we had inquired about. After about 20 minutes my boyfriend's meal came out and it was cold, I then sat there for 7-10 minutes awaiting for my salad wondering why it was taking forever and as to why you would bring out one meal and not the other with zero explanation. I have had mint salad at other middle eastern restaurants however this was not so amazing, and should really be served as a side dish and not a meal, especially being $9.00 I also asked for chicken to be added which consisted for an additional $4.00 (4 pieces).  The guy who took our order was too busy in conversation with everyone else and never once checked on us, although he was sure to make eye contact with me about 5 times. Eventually, the gal who was working (Brittany) stopped over to fill drinks and see if we needed anything...she was the only positive thing about this experience.   I expressed my concerns to Brittany who went to tell the owner that we were not happy with the experience and all she can say was sorry sorry sorry and never offered to make things right,  and pushed for us to have "a little dessert to go"...which I did not want. I wanted my "meal" comped which would have been the right thing to do, aside from the apology and to leave.   The guy who originally took our order came over to apologize and did nothing but give me a list of excuses on why he may have dropped the ball... in which I called him out on, this guy really should look into another profession because customer service was not his strong suit tonight.   Bottom line, I would not recommend this place to anyone. There are many middle eastern restaurants ASU who have superior service and much better food.
Two words - Grilled fish and Baklava. I am always willing to make the long drive for these two. Located at the heart of Mill Ave, a dinner on the patio with good friends and amazing food. Thats what i mean when i say bliss.
The grilled meats are good but nothing extraordinary.  The side dishes on the combo plates are, for the most part, simple and fresh.  The rice is the low point (bland and falls short of traditional cracked wheat) while the balaclava is the high.  That it is fairly expensive coupled with the inconvenience of parking means I won't go out of my way to eat here again.
I was with my sister on Mill Ave looking for some food to eat. We thought Greek would be awesome but then we saw Crave was gone and My Brg Fat Greek burned down. So we came across MedFresh and decided to give it a go. We both ordered gyros with lamb and beef and some hummus. First of all, the hummus had a strange aftertaste, I decribed it as if there was whiskey or some sort of alcohol in it. It was tolerable to eat but I wouldn't order it again. Then our gyros came out and I didn't like the flavors that came with it. It had too much stuff in it like pickles, lettuce, onions, not sure what I normally have in a gyro but it just didn't taste right. So we left and my plate had half a gyro and a lot of stale fries that I couldn't eat. The staff was very nice and attentive but the food quality will cause me to never return.
My husband and I stumbled upon this place on a Sunday afternoon when we couldn't decide exactly what to eat. Boy were we glad we did! The food was absolutely fantastic - fresh and tasty and the service matched the quality of the food.  We both ordered a lentil soup to start which was pureed - a way I have never had it before - and I can tell you I can't wait to have it again. They included a lemon wedge with the soup which enhanced it's flavor beautifully. We then shared a Vegetarian plate which was plenty of food for two. The hummus and baba ghanouj was some of the best we've ever eaten and the grape leaves were incredibly fresh as well. I am of the opinion that grape leaves can be really hit or miss and can sometimes leave a bitter taste in your mouth - these did nothing of the sort. In particular, the tabbouleh salad was some of the best either of us have ever had as well. Fresh, full of parsley and mint and good to the last drop.  If you're down on Mill - It's a place you must try.
Absolutely delicious lamb kabobs and not too expensive. This place is a legitimate Turkish restaurant.
When my wife and I went, the place wasn't that busy.  We had no problem getting our food and the girl that took our order was nice.  We had the chicken Kabob which if you are new to this type of food you can't go wrong.  They gave me a chili pepper that almost burned my head off, my wife had a good laugh watching me suffer.  We would eat here again, fair price, the decor is nothing to write home about but the food is very tasty
Great gyros, especially the chicken gyro! I love their tzatziki too. Food is always up quick and the service is good. Their greek side salads are also very tasty.
Excellent food!   The skewered beef was remarkably tender and juicy - better than any other beef I've had in dozens of similar places, some charging double the price.  The chicken was similarly delightful - not dry or tough.  The Koobideh (ground, seasoned beef) was also good, though I'm less of an expert on that.  The 'beef gyro' meat was also good - that's a great array of good meats!  The lamb that I had on a prior visit wasn't quite as perfect, but I'll give it one more try.    Their platter of Mediterranean delights such as hummus, tabbouleh, etc was also great.   The only disappointment was their rice - you get a massive serving, but it tasted like Mexican rice (that is, the big pile of rice you get in a typical Mexican restaurant - volume not quantity), not the finer basmati rice I would expect.  I'd like to see a smaller serving of much better rice, personally ...  But this is a minor issue given the quality of the rest of the food.   We were also seated one night at closing time - the staff stuck around while we ate a meal, which was very good of them.
I am disappoint!  I was come heer for 3 years. Food used to be so gud. Now, food taste go down drain. Vat happen?? Come a few times last month, chikin so so, hummus go down, tatziki vierd taste. Ovner very nice as always, but cheep on food qvality now. I am dissapoint! :( sad face!
Good place near the college in Tempe.  Prices are decent and the food is pretty good.  I ordered the Mixed Grill to share with a friend.  It fed both of us with enough to take home.  Although we weren't very hungry to begin with.
Food was good and I enjoyed eating outside!
Looooove this place! Went here for the first time a few days ago and ordered the lamb kabob pita - addicting. The wait was a little long, which was annoying because I was starving, but when I had that first bite... oh my! Worth every minute of a wait. The tsaziki sauce is served as a side so the sandwich isn't messy. The lamb is cooked exactly the way lamb should be cooked - not too chewy, not burnt, not raw - seasoned, soft and delicious.  My co-worker ordered the Iskandar plate, which she raved about as well. It's located on Mill Avenue but it's tricky to find - you have to park and then walk into a small plaza, then make your way to the back until you see it tucked in the left-hand corner. Go here and enjoy real Mediterranean food!
This place is great for lunch, dinner that's another story.  I have been here multiple times, I feel their entree plates are better than their gyros wraps and sandwiches.  For dinner, this place is a lot more low key and not as many people frequent it.  Overall, I think is great, service could be a little better but the food makes up for it.
What a gem in the middle of the desert. The tabuli salad was excellent. The Adana Kebab, though not as spicy as I like, had good flavor and very moist. Baklava and Turkish coffee to top it all off.
Three hungry girls sick of eating the same old crap, we decided to check this place out since we were nearby. All three of us lived in turkey at one point in our lives so we have all had good Turkish food. Anyway, we got the yogurt drink which was delicious. Two of us got the beef doner plate and one got the chicken doner plate. I think we got the left over scraps because we went late so chicken was dry and the beef was greasy. The salad had a spicy dressing which didnt mesh well. The hummus had little flavor. We expected better pita, but they used the usual arabic pita. I hate that pita. i was hungry but I could finish my plate, it just wasn't good.   The older gentleman who served us (I think he was the owner) was very polite and personable. I just wish I could have liked his restaurant.
I was just passing through town to get something to eat and I came upon this restaurant. The service is great. Ali and Salda run the whole show and are warm people. The food is delicious and plentiful. I had the mixed grille and found everything to be really tasty. Compliments to the chef and staff. For a college town, this cuisine adds great diversity to the spread of choices. Thanks very much! Good choices and prices for a substantial meal.
First time I went it was really good, but the second time it wasn't and customer service was really bad and they overcharged us.....what's up with that?
Fresh food, clean place, good prices, highly recommend.  I always get the gyro and love that the meat isn't greasy!
Wife and I came here for lunch during a bike ride to Tempe. It's a small place, not much ambience and looks more like a fast food food joint.  I ordered the gyros platter, so mediocre!!!! Meat was decent but the hummus and rice had no flavor. Also on the plate was considered a "side salad" but it's just few pieces of romaine one tomato slice and one cucumber..again no flavor. The pita they give was definitely store bought low quality.  My wife had chicken kabob plate and the chicken was good but she too had the same sides I did and we didn't touch much of it.  Prices are fair but I can't recommend this place..it's not bad but not good either...it's just there.
This is a smallish owner-run place on Mill Ave. in Tempe. We were warmly greeted when we walked in--there were very few other customers, although I have no idea why because everything was delicious and freshly made. I had the chicken kebob plate, which came with a side salad and various dipping sauces. All tasty and well made. We will definitely be back.
Had the chicken kabob. Meat is delicious. Hummus and salad are delicious but the portions are extremely small. You might get two forkfuls out of the hummus.   Tons of rice though. Since it's cheap, presumably.  I'll try it again in a few weeks.
Everything I consumed was pure deliciousness.  I will probably have occasional day naps where I dream about my meal. We got the small beef kabob,  gyro combo, and hummus platter. I tried all of it and every item was great (even the rice).  The beef kabob also had a little spice too itn the perfect kick.  I will definitely be back. Yum yum in my tum tum!
Just picked up an order from here, the beef kebab and the beef gyro plate. $26.00 for skimpy portions, and no pita bread. Needless to say I live too far away to go back. Very disappointed. Food is nothing above average either.
Best turkish food in Arizona that I have tries yet. I get the chicken plate and love it with the yellow rice. The owner is incredibly welcoming and love that they are always playing soccer matches on tv. They also have excellent baklava for dessert. Authentic turkish food. Highly recommend if you are looking to leave a place with a full belly and satisfied.
Pros: Adana kebob is tasty.  Other kebobs and gyros are supposedly good but haven't tried yet.   Cons: Too pricy for such little portions! Rice is bland.  Hummus is good but you only get @ 2 spoonfuls.  Mint salad is just cucumbers, tomatoes, barely any mint or other flavors.  Fast food feel to the restaurant based on ambience (or lack thereof) and cheap plastic plates.   In short, it's the kind of place that is probably best at 2 a.m. after college kids are kicked outta the bars and need something substantial to soak up the alcohol they've consumed. So their quality may work for their location on Mill. Other than that, not worth a repeat visit.
I love Nargile. The staff there are wonderful and really make you feel welcome. It's a fairly small restaurant with an intimate atmosphere.    The quality of the food is stunning, with a really good choice. You feel like you want to have everything, so it's quite difficult deciding! There is a good choice of Turkish wine available, too.    The owner obviously takes great pride in making sure everything is just right, which it is. Highly recommended.
Fantastic turkish food right in the "modern" heart of Edinburgh!  I had the "Biberli Kusu Izgara" main dish (lamb) which was excellent and finished it off with a "marshmallow"  dessert.  Service was fantastic...
If you are in the mood for traditional Turkish food, look no further than Nargile. Situated in Hanover Street, Nargile is in the heart of the New Town area of Edinburgh and it is just around the corner from the main shopping street, Princes Street, and so it is a convenient place to reach.   I came here for the first time several months ago for my lunch, and I wasn't all that sure what Turkish food was when I entered the restaurant, but I had an amazing experience here, and will definitely be back. Nargile' menu offers a vast selection of choice of traditional and authentic Turkish food including kebabs, rice, fish and meat dishes. I ordered the mezze dish, which was about six or seven small portions of different dishes and they were a mixture of hot and cold meals. It was really delicious and it included kebabs and prawns marinated in a really fresh sauce that was full of flavour - really yummy! The food here is excellent value for money, with a three course meal and glasses of wine costing £20 - such a bargain for this area of Edinburgh.   The staff were incredibly friendly and welcoming and were very patient with me in explaining what the dishes were! Nargile is a fabulous Turkish restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.
Oh boy. Well, the boy actually in this case, because he came up trumps in picking out a place for my birthday meal. Middle eastern food? Somewhere I have never been as I haven't yelped it yet? Oh yes, he knows me well.   So Nargile - lovely restaurant, if on the chilly side (we were seated in the window so that might have been the problem). Big buckets masquerading as wine glasses.   Being a Tuesday night, it wasn't particuarly busy read: dead when we arrived, but business was picking up by the time we left, so we had the place to ourselves. Food took a while to arrive, but what can you say when it is freshly cooked?   If you want a recommendation, then I strongly would suggest that you try the shaksuka - although the menu indicates it is lightly sauteed aubergine but really, it is chargrilled to an inch of it's life, releasing all that delicious smoky aubergine flavours that we know and love. Contrasted with a light dip and deliciously dressed onions, oh, I could have eaten it all day. Other starters sampled included the stuffed mushrooms, sauteed king prawns (with luscious plump roasted tomatoes) and the dana sogush. Not a single complaint arose from the table. I think some amongst our party might have tried to lick their plates clean.   Mains: I had the monkfish and prawns on tomato and olive sauce. Now, here I think Nargile fell down, as the tomato sauce was strongly at odds with the flavours of the monkfish and prawn (both beautifully cooked) - both good, but an unsuccessful match, I felt. I also snuck in some creamed spinach on the side, mainly because I love the stuff, and it didn't disappoint here.   The boy and the mother both ordered the Kuzu Kus Kus - a giant plate of cous cous and root vegetables delivered with a separate bowl of collapsing lamb on the bone and more vegetables. A success from both sides. The father tucked into a mammoth mixed kebab which he struggled to finish, such was the quantity of meat in front of him. But you have to try, don't you?  Finally, although we were all groaning and trousers were a-popping, of course we had dessert. Baklava, the mallow surprise (?) and sorbet were delivered. For me and the father,  the baklava was nice but way too heavy on the almond flavours, that the 3 pieces were too much - one would have sufficed. The marshmallow dessert was a hit with the boy as was the sorbet with the mother. All washed down with fresh mint tea and a bottle of New Zealand wine (The Jive Pinot Noir, nom nom nom).   Nargile - I think you are great. Perhaps lose some of your western influences (like the overly strong tomato and olive sauce) - you don't need it - the rest of your food stands strong.
Nargile offers Edinburgh diners an excellent insight in to Mediterranean-style Turkish cuisine. We sampled an excellent array of hot and cold meze, served in a simple, elegant style. We really enjoyed our visit.   Overall, we said: "the whole experience was one that we would happily repeat. We really want to return there when we can have a go at their full menu."
If you like meze, then Nargile is the place to go.  Centrally located on Hanover street, and serving food all day, it is the ideal place for a late Saturday lunch with a friend.   The food is lovely, as well as the staff, and you can also try some lovely Turkish wine for under £20 a bottle. Highly recommended.
I've been to Nargile twice.  The first time was around Christmas and my boyfriend and I enjoyed a lovely set meal for two, where you get a choice of starter, main and dessert for about £14 per person.  We had the hummus and sucuk, which is Turkish sausage for our starters and both were delicious.  I had the mixed kebab, which comes with rice, salad and chili sauce for my main while my partner had a lamb kebab, which came with chips and salad.  Both were delicious. Our dessert was an assortment of baklava and ice cream.  Overall, with a few drinks our bill came to roughly £40.00, which we felt was great value for money! The only catch was the deal was only available up until 7pm, which wasn't a problem for us.  They also had Christmas crackers at our table which was a nice touch! We left feeling we would definitely come back.  Fast forward from Christmas to April 15th.  We had purchased a Groupon voucher several weeks back entitling us to a two-course meal, including a glass of house wine or Efes beer.  For my starter, I had the fried halloumi cheese.  It was absolutely spot-on! You got 3 large bits of cheese with a drizzle of olive oil and some sun-dried tomatoes.  Delicious! The regular price for this dish is £5.50 and I felt it was decent value for money.  My boyfriend went with the Dana Sogush, which is described as "strips of char grilled beef, tossed with fresh coriander, red onion, chili and mixed salad in an olive oil and lemon dressing".  Now picture what you think that would look like in your head.  I pictured lovely strips of beef, maybe not thick, but at least sizable, tossed in this lovely sounding dressing with a bit of salad on the side, as this starter is £6.95.  The dish comes out and it's basically a salad of cucumber, red onion, tomato and lettuce, with a few miniscule "strips" or mini pieces of beef. While it had a lovely lovely flavour, there was hardly any beef in what was supposed to be a strips of beef starter.  Maybe we were just unlucky and had a one-off end of the batch salad, but this was definitely not good value for money. Good thing we had the Groupon voucher!!  For our mains, I decided that since we had a Groupon I would take advantage of it and get the steak and prawn kebab, which comes with rice, salad and chili sauce, for £17.50.  My boyfriend got the escallops of Monkfish with a tomato-herb sauce and cheese, over a bed of cous cous with salad on the side.  His main was £16.95.  While the flavours of my steak and prawn kebab were fantastic, again it was not good value for money (thank-you Groupon, once again).  I had two bits of beef and two prawns, about a half-cup of rice and a salad consisting of tomatoes, cucumbers and red onion mixed with some lettuce.  There is no way on earth that this dish costs more than £7-10 to produce.  Now if you got two kebabs, maybe it would be worth the £17.50 menu price, but I highly doubt it.  The Monkfish had a slightly larger portion and nice flavours.  For dessert, I had the assortment of baklava with pistachio ice cream. It was devine and I would recommend that. Most desserts are in the £5 range but you can get scoops of ice cream starting from £1.95. Overall, while I do like Nargile, I don't feel the food is good value for money. I would only consider going back if I had another Groupon or if there was a set-menu deal like the one at Christmas. I don't know why anyone pays full-price for some of these dishes!!!
I have been here a few times, first and foremost the service is always impeccable. Friendly, welcoming and they like to chat and have a joke.  Food is right up my street, combination of flavours from across the med done in a sharing style. Starters we all opted for the mezze, no less than 14 dishes appeared before us with breads as well - so tasty lots of flavours going on and very fresh tasting NOM NOM NOM.  For mains I went for a sea-bass dish that was spiced and served with a bean and sun dried tomato salad. Very very tasty!!!!! Fish was perfectly cooked, the spice added flavour while keeping the great taste of the fish, and the serving was huge. Very very happy JD!!  Desert was a tough one - in the end I opted for a scoop of raspberry sorbet and one of pistachio ice cream!! Should they go together you may well ask??? Many would say no....but I say say.....YES!!! The sorbet is packed full of taste but is possibly too tart so the pistachio adds a earthy richness that offsets it nicely between mouthfuls!!  Add to that a nice little wine list and these Aberdonian boys are doing the tastes of the middle east a huge boost!! Recommend happily!!  As for the last star - for the setting, for the style, for what it could be, I think they need to refine things a little more to hit that high note!
Es war alles sehr sauber und ordentlich. Die Portionen waren sehr gut und vor allem sehr lecker. Die Bedienung war freundlich und schnell. Für mich immer wieder gern.
A couple of  weeks back,  Lynsey F and I were planning to go to the Edinburgh Art School Degree show however, we didn't pay attention to our ticket time and the time slot we had was too early for both of us to attend. Instead, Lynsey F suggested using a voucher she had for Nargile, and heading out for an  'appreciating  the Degree show with a glass of wine and Meze...even though we didn't actually go' dinner.    Oh my godness...Heaven actually is a place on Earth (Belinda Carlisle got that right!)  The interior of this family-run restaurant is subtle and elegant, with lots of space between tables and beautiful artwork adorning the walls. Service was prompt, efficient and the waiting staff really knew their menu.  Then the food started coming, little dishes of the most scrummy things! There were crunchy salads, humus, pitta bread, spicy lentils, halloumi, filo pastry rolls with feta and spinach, falafel, grilled aubergines and mushrooms in a creamy sauce. All of them absolutely, positively fresh and delicious! Being vegetarian, I got my own little plate of additional veggie delights, while Lynz had a similar plate of meaty treats!  We were given information about all the dishes, we enjoyed all the dishes and ate every last morsel of each dish (I would have happily licked each dish clean were we not in such a classy establishment!)  Our wine was an extremely nice Pinot Grigio (not too expensive at £16.95 a bottle), and we finished our meal with some baklava and pistachio ice cream. The baklava was a wee touch dry, and could have used a bit more honey...but hell...that's a minor detail after such a lovely meal.  I can't remember the exact cost as we had a voucher, but the prices are extremely reasonable for such lovely, quality food. I left thinking we'd have to find something else soon we can get tickets for and not go so we can come back but, on second thoughts, I don't really think I need an excuse!
Taken to Hanedans by a friend of mine who had lived in Turkey for a number of years, i was promised that Hanedans had the 'best Turkish food not in Turkey'. Quite a claim indeed.  Hanedans however, didntlet me down - certainly the vast amount of food that was ordered (which was great for us all to share about) was very tasty indeed, if not quite my thing. It is however quite clear of the chef's passion for his food as it is all beautifully presented as well as great tasting.  Staff were friendly and the restaurant was relaxeing, if a bit cramped with so many tabvles in a small room.  Overall, while not quite Turkey the country, Hanedans is no turkey itself.
In my view, Hanedan is flawless.  It serves delicious food in huge quantites, has a really homely atmosphere with relaxed staff and it's all well priced on top of this.  This is probably one of my favourite restaurants in Edinburgh and I've been a few times, always leaving stuffed and happy.  The menu has an excellent selection of slow-cooked meat and vegetarian dishes as well as a wide range of kebabs, dips and breads.  I usually have either the marinated  lamb or chargrilled chicken which is served on a skewar with fresh salad and a really light, fresh yoghurt dip.   They also do a lot of quality wines and beers alongside iced teas and specialist coffees.  You can can have a great meal here for about a tenner which is great value when you consider the quality of the experience as a whole.
What a Turkish delight this was to stumble across. Quite hungry one evening, my family and I took a stroll through Newington. I love Newington for its modest-sounding restaurants dotted around the streets. Our visit here wasn't planned, it was simply a case of when our stomachs got the better of our feet. So we stopped walking, surveyed the menu and popped in.  And boy did we choose right. Playing Russian Roulette with me and food, especially when I've got an appetite going, doesn't always look pretty. But Turkish = meat = gooood. And Hanedan Turkish meat = very goooood.  Without any hesitation, I ordered the lamb cutlets, and we all shared an array of starters. Kebabs and eastern meaty dishes are often better known to a lot of us when accompanied with chips, cheese and a naan out of a polystyrine box. (So good at the time, yet so regretable). And quite a few turkish and eastern restaurants can often produce a more up-market version of the same donner down the road.   Hanedan is different. Worth every single one of those 5 stars, the meat was deliciously cooked, and had everything I love about Turkish meat-cooking. The taste of charcoal, the spicy tomato sauce, the juicy still-pink centre. Mmm.   Everything else was wonderful too. Great service, fast and friendly. Prices were reasonable, or what you'd expect for well cooked red meats. Caraf of house red was good. My one and only gripe is that the seats were quite crammed in close together, and I got shunted about a few times. But it does lend a 'homely' and cosy feel to the place. And really once I start eating, a hurricane could tear the place down and I wouldn't notice so I soon forgot about it.  Hanedan - you had me at hello.
The food here is subtle, unpretentious, and above all, very good. I recommend the roast aubergine dip from the starters and the moussaka, but you can't go wrong with the houmous and chicken kebab either.    For some reason they always have on as background music a French internet radio station that plays a mix of classical and jazz, which is eclectic but pleasant.    Definitely worth returning to regularly.
Probably my favourite restaurant in Edinburgh and definitely one of the most stylish uses of a small space in terms of lighting (atmospheric), use of space and design. Utterly charming, often full on a damp Tuesday night in February, and everyone I have taken has loved it. Food always great - I love the humous and chicken kebab deal so much that I always seem to end up reordering - great authentic use of dried oregano and mint too. Edinburgh is quite good at these small unpretentious neighbourhood restaruants and I feel lucky to live in the next street.
I've said it once and I'll say it again, what a turkish deligh Handean is.  I came back here about half a year after my first and only visit and was worried that it might tarnish my very happy memory. I was worryingly needlessly.  It's a great family-feel restaurant, it was bustling and warm, with kitchen as you walk in with flashes of fire as they cook up your meat and kebabs.  I had the aubergine to start, and lamb cutlets. It was absolutely delicious, the lamb was cooked wonderfully and had that great charcoal taste (in a good way, y'know?)  Also, I'd absently asked for my lamb medium-rare (I like it pink). I thought it was just standard, but the chef came up and said "I hope it's ok, I tried my best to get it just as you want it'. And he managed. I liked how earnestly he had wanted to make my lamb.   This is tucked up a side-street in Newington, and not one many people would stumble across, but for a lunch or dinner with family, friends, or even a romantic meal for two - for mainly meat eaters although there are veggie options - this is a winner. It's really reasonably priced (£8.95 for the lamb cutlets) and the quality of food far exceeds the price.  I can tell I"m going to become a regular.
I love Turkish food.  The problem with Hanedan is that I love the food so much that I just wanted to order everything on the menu and eat it all.  The other problem is that the portions are *really* generous so you end up feeling as though you might need to be rolled out of the restaurant because you can't bring yourself to stop eating because it's too tasty.    In addition to the incredibly tasty and lage plates of food, the staff and owner/chef (I think?) are absolutely lovely and good for a laugh, and the setting is cute and cozy.    I would say that the only downside is that the mains seem to be quite plain - meat and rice - and really would benefit from an accompaniment.  You end up almost needing to order a starter in order to have a bit of variety, but you ultimately end up with too much food, really.  I couldn't finish my main and had absolutely eaten as much as could fit in my belly.
I can't add much to the host of 5 star reviews here really, can I? Consulted Qype for a reasonably priced but decent quality restaurant for a meal out one evening, & figured I should see what all the fuss was about. All the charms are exactly as described, & our food was excellent. Took the recommendation on the Borek (spinach filo parcels) as a starter & wasn't disappointed. Lamb kebab for main was a real meat feast  just simple, perfectly cooked, well presented hunks of meat with rice & a relish. Will definitely go back.
Came here on a suggestion from the host of our B&B, who I think comes here at least twice a week (he actually went there the night he recommended it to us because, as he said it, talking about it made him crave it!)  I love being able to visit the places tucked away from touristy areas, and this was it!  We ordered the hummus and feta salad to start, and what amazing portions!  The waitress had to bring out a second basket of pita to finish it, with the added bonus that it was warm when it arrived, yum!  Feta tasted homemade it was so soft and flavorful, and there were so many plump veggies in the bowl that I couldn't finish it!  We both got the chicken shish, which had a lovely grilled flavor and perfectly made rice.  I think we piled on the spicy sauce to add a little perk to the meal, but that's why they serve it, I guess!  Overall it was delicious and we left feeling absolutely stuffed.  One small note, make sure to get a booking because we didn't (as we arrived at 5:45 when there was almost no one seated) and were told that we had to be out by 7 at the latest.  It was no problem to do so, but I felt a little rushed.
the food was fresh and extremely good value for money. the service was fast and friendly, and the wine was lovely and chilled, just how i like it!  the girls bathroom had a choice of 8 different types of soap and the boys had four...now that is impressive! it kinda feels like you are eating in someone's living room, and it might be not be the best place for the biggest, most rowdy of groups, but for a quiet, chilled out evening meal, i would definitely recommend.
Simple and perfect. I had some if the best lamb skewers in my life. Perfectly seasoned and cooked with a little rice and chili sauce. The place is small, but cozy. The service was excellent and the owner was incredibly charming. If I lived in Edinburgh I would become a regular.
Hanedan serves really good food in relaxed surroundings. Their chicken skewers locked in an excellent amount of flavour and the soup was lovely. I look forward to my next visit.  Overall, we said: "I was delighted with Hanedan. I'll need to come back with a few chums to have a good go at their meze, but on the basis of today I have a strong feeling that this is the best place for Turkish food in the city. I'd heartily recommend you pay it a visit, at your earliest convenience."
Easily my favourite restaurant in Edinburgh. The food is fantastic.  It is a small restaurant and can be really busy so its best to reserve a table - especially on the weekends.  I just travelled through Asia, Australia, New Zealand and the USA and i couldn't find any Turkish food as good as that in Hanedan.  We always order a few starters between us: the hummus, feta salad and the meatballs are our favourite; this also comes with all you can eat pita bread.  The feta cheese is unbelievably creamy and all of the meat is so juicy - I recommend the chicken or the lamb.  But I can never choose between the meats, so I usually have the mixed grill.  Also, even the rice is tasty - I don't know how you can make rice tasty, but they do it.  I look forward to eating here every time I make a reservation.
Cosy atmosphere and always a warm welcome  Turkish menu all lovingly prepared by Gursel, you can check it out online.  Delicious hummus to start off if you don't  fancy a proper starter, firin kofte (meatballs),  moussaka and chicken shish all highly recommended.
I went here with a friend for a catch up.  After absorbing the relaxed and bohemian atmosphere (and a good lenghty chat) we finally ordered.  We decided to order a few starters and share, as it all looked so good!  The halloumi cheese was yum, the spinach/feta pastry was ace and the humus was beautiful!  Mains was a mixed grill for each of us and I don't think I've ever eaten such soft and scrumpalicious rice! (And I've lived in Japan!)  It was a perfect complement to the meat, which was also lovely.  The staff were attentive and our meal was reasonably priced for the quality of food.  All in all, a cosy and intimate restaurant with tasty food.  Will most definitely go back when in Edinburgh.
Small but beautiful , the food was just fantastic staff were lovely I would recommend this restaurant to my friends thank you guys
My partner and I went to Hanedans for date night dinner and absolutely loved it! We had a selection of starters then the moussaka and chicken skewers. De-lish!! The owner made sure we were well looked after and chatted with us for a while about his food and recipes. Service was good, not too intrusive and the ambiance was lovely. We've just moved out of the Newington area but will be back with friends for another Turkish feast soon.
My brother flung the door open with a flourish and strode in. "I'M TAKING YOU OUT FOR TURKISH," he announced. Bro, I am so there.  "There" was a little spot in Newington, huddling glumly in the blackness of a wet November night. No glumness was within, however: we were seated with jovial alacrity by the window, with some upbeat discussion of the view (sky water falling on road water, and some road water attempting in hissing salmon jumps to go back up to being sky water).  Seated in the dimness of almost total candlelight with the occasional orange flare of flame from the kitchen beside us, we were given a tour of the heating options (overhead and under the table). They brought us a little battery-powered lamp while we browsed the menu - such a thoughtful and cute touch.  We ordered three meze to start us off - herring salad, squid and walnut salad, and honeydew melon with feta cheese. Woah. The herring was deliciously sweet, fresh and syrupy; the squid had clearly at some point in its recent past actually been a squid, and the honeydew... hoooooooooo. I was expecting a couple of delicate slices but we were given a great bowl full of melony chunks and a goodly wadge of feta unexpectedly topped with mint, which was a lovely touch.  These three dishes alone were almost enough but we decided to get some mains as well since it was so good!  For Bro, grilled lamb. For Sis, vegetable moussaka. I'm told the lamb was awesome. As for my moussaka - well, I'm used to moussaka being something of a slop. A tasty slop, but slop nonetheless. This, however, had not only flavour but form and texture. It cut in neat slices and was quite the revelation - absolutely delicious. We rounded it all off with some gorgeous sticky baklava too, and the whole bill - illuminated by the return of the little battery-lamp - came to £50. Amazing.  We sat there for a pretty long time waiting for the downpour to abate and never once felt rushed or like the staff were waiting for us to go. Once the sky water had finally all become road water, we left feeling about three stone heavier, but a fresh and healthy weight rather than just a lump of stodge. This was a meal I'll remember for a long time. Nonetheless, I might feel compelled before long to, er... refresh my memory...
I'd walked past the other branch of this turkish cafe, which is at the Royal Mile, and was surprised to see it again on a day trip to Leith!  In Edinburgh, one's got the option to eat foods from so many different cuisines of the world, but I was still very excited to try the food here, as it's the only turkish restaurant I've come across so far. If you're not that much of an adventurous eater, there's the traditional fry-up breakfast as well as sandwiches, but the really exciting stuff is the array of mediterranean food they serve!  It's possible to have stuffed vine leaves, moussaka, and mezze platters, and there're some delicious desserts such as baklava available.   The cafe's location at the shore means that you'll get some nice sea breeze and a great view to go with your food. It's good to keep in mind that they are a little bit pricier than a couple of other cafe's though!
If someone pushed me to choose my favourite cuisine, I might well pick Mediterranean, or, more specifically, Turkish food.  When I visited Istanbul as a child, I fell in love with the subtle flavourings, the hot and cold salads, the meltingly stewed vegetables and the honey-drenched sweets.  So, discovering Café Truva on the Shore was a real treat for me.  It's a fairly casual little establishment, where you can drop in for lunch or coffee, or else pick out some items to take away.  They offer competent versions of favourite dishes, such as stuffed vine leaves, green bean salad, and, of course, gloriously sticky baklava, which are all tasty, if not as absolutely stunning as this kind of food has the potential to be.    I haven't had a chance to try any of their sandwiches, but I was pleased to see that they have a good selection of vegetarian options - too many Turkish places offer kebab, kebab, or kebab.  Overall, this brightly-painted café is an inviting place to stop by for a light meal, and, while the Waters of Leith don't quite measure up to the Bosphorus, with a little imagination you might be able to conjure up an image of Turkey here.
Although it has a sister coffee shop on the Royal Mile, I didnt get the same experience in this one.  The staff were a little rude, although it did supply some lovely goodies.
Great food, great service especially good with children/families. I don't know why the others didn't rate it higher!
Cafe truva is a fit and healthy 3 if ever i saw one. Big portions, delicious pita (OK so not really supposed to eat pita bread at the moment but the temptation was too much) and generous nice salads. The chicken panini was bit tough for the boy's liking. Stuffed vine leaves were nice, the green olives that came with the salad were drop dead delicious with this buttery overtone that I didn't expect. Artichoke salad wasn't drained properly (artichokes from a can) so there was a lot of water combined with dressing that sadly soggi-fied my pita. Definitely nice, and a generous menu fit for most dietary needs. Baklava and assorted sweets looked appetizing. It's not a must visit, but it's definitely a good place to go if you need a lunch spot in Leith.
Cafe Truva on the Shore. This is one of the places that only get better and better! It has been there for years (in effect since 1998!) It went from small Turkish offerings to the full well placed Eastern Med  restaurant chain (3 restaurant and counting)   I like this original shop. Cosy, clean and very friendly. They are frequented by locals as well as day trippers to the shore. It is well placed on the edge of the Shore over looking the water and it is a sun trap! Winter or Summer - if the sun is out - Truva will be in it. - The food is definatly Turkish with added burgers and panini's - the whole day breakfast (Turkish or Scottish) is a treat and a feast. Not too expensive.   They offer free WiFi, take-away and also do outside Catering
Turkish cuisine isn't necesarily as chic, or in vogue, or as easy to find as it's Mediteranean neighbours on the high street. So I was quite bemused when I first stumbled across Cafe Truva. Chic it is not, but authentic it most certainly is.   After 3 hours of ambling along the Water of Leith walkway, my friend and I were in need of lunch. Cafe Truva stood like a beacon on its corner, and I admit it did look a bit oddly placed. With no other cafes or bars around, it seemed to not quite 'fit in'. But after eating, drinking and relaxing there, I can understand why.  It has a homely, open and airy feel. The tables and chairs are a bit rickety, in fact the whole place feels like it hasn't been revamped in at least 20 years. This isn't a bad thing. It has charm. And some aspects of the decoration were quite stunning. I immediately liked it. It was Turkish in essence, and so wasn't trying to be Turkish.   The menu was reassuringly bizarre. English translations were limited, and I didn't know what half of the things were. The cakes on display were unlike most I've seen in regular Edinburgh cafes. Turkish delight, of course, but many other cakes that I must go back and try.  I had the lamb meatballs, and my friend the feta and spinach pastry parcels. (There were real Turkish names for these dishes and I'm afraid I can't remember them. I feel so fake.) Tasty, meaty, cheesy, tomatoey goodness. Not blow-your-socks tasty (like the other Turkish restaurant I've reviewed) but I think because the cuisine was cafe style rather than restaurant. The side salad was presented in a dated and generic manner, with a few bits of iceberg lettuce, some cubes of feta, and a few olives. I think in comparison to the many other nouveau-med cafes around that are bang on trend, it seemed a little...lacking.   But then my friend ordered a coffee and I was very impressed by how it came. It was real, gen-yoo-an Turkish coffee. It came with a small cup, a medium sized metal pot, that you steeped for a while then served. It was sweeter than normal coffee, but also darker and richer. Like nothing I've ever tried. And it complimented the cake we shared wonderfully (an intensely sweet, gooey layered honey and nuts creation. Again, authentic, and again I can't remember its name...)  Cafe Truva is a slightly odd creature, but it has charm. It is authentically authenitc, rather than hamming it up for the tourists authentic. It feels like its been lifted straight from a Turkish village, circa 1980, that the locals visited for their afternoon coffee and cake. It's not trying to impress the ladies-who-lunch crowd, or compete with other nouveau-med joints.   I wouldn't say to take a trip out here just for this cafe. But I would say if you're in the area, go and if you go, order the coffee and a sticky, sweet cake. And the meatballs (although not necesarily in that order.)
I have been a customer of Cafe Truva on the Shore for a few years now. It is a firm weekend breakfast favourite, especially on those weary mornings following a late night...   Cafe Truva has a menu of various breakfast choices, salads, paninis, sandwiches, kebabs, falafel etc. There is something for everyone, I think.  I am most familiar with the ham & cheese croissant which comes with a side salad, little bit of cous cous and hot peppers. I have also tried the delicious turkish breakfast: cheeses, meats, cucumber, tomato, egg and toast. After you have had this and a cup of coffee, you feel you can conquer almost anything :)  Last week I sampled the lentil soup and it came with a toasted large roll. Takeaway price for this lunchtime favourite was only £ 1.60 which is very reasonable.   The cafe is fairly small but cosy. There are a few outside spaces as well and on sunny days they get quickly snapped up by locals.  I recommend this place - a little bit of Turkey on the Shore :)
OK this could be a hit or a miss place for most people.  It all depends on what you order.  1 . Now, turkish food isn't something you can experience everyday in Las Vegas.  So try it and see for yourself.  2. The foods that were good: Manti, fried golden crispy pastry rolls filled with aged gruyere cheese, kofte and chicken adana.  3. The things that were bad: The waitress and the soup.  So I give this place 4/5 because the waitress can always be changed and the soup can always be skipped.  Its something unique to try..   Cheers!
Years ago, I was in Egypt and a man told me, "someone gave you bad eyes."  I figure he's talking about my glasses. I    nodded and explained, "yes, I got them from my Dad."  "No....BAD eyes."  "My glasses?"  "No. Someone made you sick."  I was tummy sick. Ohwait!  "Yes, some guy at the pyramids put the evil eye on me."  My host nodded in satisfaction.   If only, I'd eaten at Ibo's first, that would never have happened. During dinner, Mr Ibo gave me a little evil eye protection bracelet.   If I'd never found the front door, I'd been out of luck too. (We drove around a bit to figure it out and still figured it wrongly.)  My guest and I ordered the mezze platter, which had some delicious baba ganoush, some decent stuffed grape leaves, a wonderful eggplant salad, and some other tasty bits.   We had a mixed grill of deliciously seasoned chicken, lamb, and beef, with a lovely orange pilaf.  None of the food totally blew me away. All of it was very good. But the prices are spendy and the lunch prices are ridiculously spendy (meaning, not any different than dinner.)   The average entree is $20, the average appetizer is $9. The interior of the restaurant is bigger and probably fancier than what should be called for.   If this place were more reasonably priced, I'd have loved it. But at that price point, there are other options out there (you're not far off from places like Rosemary's) that offer a better value.  I want to see our city have more independent restaurants with offerings other than sushi, bar food, Italian, or Thai. I want to see innovative or ethnic restaurants thrives. But I'm not sure if Ibo's has the right mix to make it happen, even though I hope he does.
Being that my husband is from Turkey and I have had lots of homemade Turkish food over the years Ibo's had a great appeal to me. The restaurant is divided into two parts - a bar on one side and a restaurant on the other. The divider is the restroom area. It really is like East meets West in there. The bar side during lunch has low lighting, rock and roll music playing, and the seats are around a dance floor area. On the restaurant side the seating is formal with a baby grand in the corner and Turkish music playing. There was outdoor patio seating as well. The whole design of the place is a little strange to me.   The bartender/waiter seated me in the bar area. He was very nice. I did not even realize there were two sides to this place initially. There were a few lunch options that were both priced just under $10. You could add dessert and a glass of wine for another $2+. I went with the shepherd salad, hummus, and chicken kabob. I had the choice between two salads, three appetizers and two main dishes. I would have liked to see a few more lunch options on the main dishes. The regular menu was expensive however I know the amount of time it takes to prepare Turkish dishes so that is to be expected.   The Sheppard salad was yummy. It had a nice blend of fresh tomato, cucumber and bell peppers. The lemon juice, olive oil and fresh parsley and just the right amount of salt was perfect. I was served a small basket of bread though was disappointed to see that it was a foccacia bread rather than a traditional pita. A plate of olive oil and balsamic vinegar were on the side. The olive oil was pretty bland.   The hummus was spicy, rich tasting, and very yummy. Hummus can be a tough thing to get just right so I give them an A+ on this appetizer.   The main course was a type of chicken kebab made from ground chicken and pepper paste (a middle Eastern ingredient). My husband typically prepares this dish with ground beef and I prefer it that way. I didn't care for the chicken much. On the plus side, this dish also came with two small beef patties. They were grilled and tasted very good. A large portion of vegetables was on the plate. The veggies appeared to be fresh and were appealing to the eye however not to the palette. For some reason they tasted fishy. I couldn't figure that one out. There was a small serving of rice pilaf. The rice pilaf was very oily.   The portions are incredibly generous. I noted that everyone there asked for to-go boxes. The service was pretty good. I may go to this place one more time to try some different items.   There is a small cupcake place in the same strip mall area that is wonderful! Stop by there for dessert!
I went to Ibo for lunch with a couple of coworkers. We ordered the lunch specials. Their $9.95 lunch special lets you choose a salad and appetizer and entree. The $14.95 is the same plus a glass of wine or a dessert.   We all ordered different things to try them all. The Mediterranean Salad was delicious and a very nice portion. The hummus was tasty with a nice balance of garlic and spices. The haydari was not a fave of mine. IT was really thick and a little bitter. The spinach Borek was very tasty yet lacked the crispiness of the phyllo. It seemed as if it were heated in a microwave. I had the grilled Salmon for my entree and it was cooked to perfection! The outside was perfectly crisped with grill marks and the inside was moist and delicious. I was disappointed that it didn't come with the sauteed spinach as it stated on the menu, but instead came with steamed veggies. The sauteed leeks under the piece of salmon were divine. The only complaint there would be the portion. The small piece of salmon completely hid the leeks, but once I found them I was in heaven! The rice was standard rice, nothing to rave about. The poached apricots filled with cremefraiche were delightful. The baklava would have been better if (again) the phyllo was crispier.   The decor of the place is very rich and extravagant. The problem was that for lunch we were seated in the bar area which wreaked of cigar/cigarette smoke. I was able to get past that, but one of my coworkers was very bothered by it.   The service was so-so. The guy that seated us looked like a patron in his t-shirt and Bermuda shorts. Our waitress was equally dressed down wearing daisy dukes and a random t-shirt. There were 3 other tables she was tending to so I sort of understood why the service was a bit slow. The one thing that really struck me as odd was when the host/maitre de brought us a refill of bread. We had almost finished our other basket of bread, but of course went for the fresh stuff when he put it on our table. The waitress then came to our table and said that it was supposed to be for the other table, and picked it up and gave it to them! We had our hands all over that bread! Why wouldn't she just go get another basket? There were literally 2 pieces left in the basket (covered by a cloth of course.)
Not bad. My friends and I had several appetizers. The bread was served fresh and piping hot. The calamari was nicely fried and tender. The hummus was very flavorful, a nice addition to the bread. As much as I wanted to, we were not able to try any of the entrees. Maybe, next time.
Loved the atmosphere! BEAUTIFUL walk-way to the restaurant with sparkling pavement and lights. Interior is also very tasteful with great decor! The lights were just right, not too dim and not too bright. LOVED  the flame-less candles adorning all of the tables!   Now, for the not so good...I came to the restaurant expecting authentic Turkish fair, and got some American steak-house instead! I wish there was some kind of announcement online, so when I looked at the menu I wouldn't have expected Turkish food...I guess it's part my fault and I should have read Yelp before I went :D   At first we got bread and olive oil/vinegar blend. The bread was good, but not the best. The oil dip was a bit thick on vinegar. Hummus was average; My friend commented that it tasted just like store-bought. I thought it was a little better than that, but still not great. Calamari was excellent. Mediterranean salad was very heavy on cheese, which I didn't like. The vegetables tasted fresh, but all that cheese distracted from the flavors. The Turkish pudding dessert (one of the few remaining Turkish dishes) was tasty, but nothing ground-breaking. And $7.95 for a small piece seemed a little steep. Overall prices were reasonable, however, for this caliber of a restaurant.  Service was nice, not overbearing and helpful.  On the way out, we noticed that one of the steaks of other patrons looked very pink and undercooked. It did not look appetizing at all. Of course, she could have ordered it that way...  Overall, loved the atmosphere and the service. Food was mediocre. I am sure I would have loved the Turkish fair here, but certainly was not impressed with "steakhouse" food. I felt a little deceived in the process as well. I probably won't be back here.
Not a Turkish restaurant. And when it was, created bad reputation for Turkish food. I'm not sure how it is as a steak retaurant now, make sure it's not the same owner anymore...
Terrible food.  There was no background music playing in the restaurant once you sat down so you could hear people's conversations from across the room.  Midway through the meal, a random woman from the street came up and asked us for money!!  No return for us, ever!
nternet sitesinde calma saatleri 4 pm - 4 am yaziyor.30 miles yol yapip gittikten sonra kapal olmas tam bir hayal krkl acilen saatlerini web sitenizden duzeltmelisiniz...! Dont open this restaurant night time..
First, and it's a big first:  The menu has been changed.  It  is NO LONGER TURKISH AND MEDITERRANEAN.  And we didn't know until we were seated and looked at the menu.  We were greeted very warmly by the owner, whose name happens to be Ibo.  The main dining room is just beautiful:  perfect lighting, candles on tables that are covered with white tablecloths over skirts, large banquettes around the perimeter, attractive and heavy menus.  But alas, there was virtually no Turkish food, except for the usual hummus and babaganoush for appetizers, kofta for beef, and a chicken dish that was called Istanbul Chicken, but had nothing remotely related to Istanbul.  When I asked our waiter about this, he explained that the owner had made a business decision to change because Turkish wasn't bringing the customers, who were unused to such cuisine, and decided to make it a steakhouse.  But the lighted sign above the restaurant is the original one, so IMO, it's a losing proposition for the owner:  those thinking this is Turkish won't come because it's "strange", and those of us who know and love Turkish food won't return because it's not!  I asked for a wine list, and was dismayed to see that it crossed the $7 barrier - there was not a glass of wine less than $8 or $8.50, and most were more.  We were two couples, and the other couple decided to forgo the wine.  My husband and I told the waiter that we weren't going to pay $8.50 for a glass of Riesling, and started to hand him back the menu.  He then offered to charge us $7 a glass.  I didn't know you could bargain for wine!  We munched on excellent bread while waiting for our entrees.  Choosing the entrees wasn't easy, since we hadn't been expecting to be choosing from steak and Italian dishes, but we settled on two Istanbul chicken, kofte with kasseri cheese, and rainbow trout.  Entrees were served with lentil soup or salad, and garlic mashed and fresh vegetables.  We all had the salad, comprised of mixed greens, some shredded carrot and chopped tomatoes, with a choice of three ordinary dressings.  The salad was very fresh and a good-sized portion.  When the waiter brought the entrees, he told my friend to be careful, because she might find bones in her "fileted" trout.  It was full of bones, and she had to send it back.  Both men ordered the chicken with the butter sauce on the side.  This dish consisted of thick slices of chicken that had been rolled around a spinach and carrot filling.  There wasn't enough of the filling, and because the chicken hadn't been heated in the sauce, it was quite dry.  My friend had substituted the same chicken for her bony trout; she forgot to specify the butter on the side and the waiter didn't think to ask, so hers came covered with the sauce.  It may have been chock-full of calories, but was much moister.  My Kofte was a large portion of five patties (each slightly larger than you'd find on a slider) of the ground beef.  It was tasty, but bland, and lacking the necessary black pepper that distinguishes it from an ordinary burger.  But I had forgotten that kasseri cheese is the equivalent of parmesan, so it also added a lot of salt, too much for my taste, though many others wouldn't think so.  The big disappointment with the dishes were the sides:  the mashed and the veggies were cold.  We told this to the owner, who had stopped to check our table.  He apologized profusely and returned a few moments later with a plate filled with four scoops of hot mashed potatoes and lots of the same nice vegetables, but well-heated.  Only when I went to the lounge, which is completely separate from the main dining room, did I see a scrolling sign over the bar indicating that this is "Ibo's Steak House." What a shame!  Las Vegas, which has quite a few Mediterranean restaurants, really could have used a good Turkish one.  Ibo's, if ever it was one, is no longer.    In summation, the ambience is very beautiful.  The outdoor patio is quite large and would be oh so inviting if the weather were warmer.  The lounge and bar is attractive, also filled with tables and banquettes, and is equipped to provide live music, which there wasn't on our Saturday night visit.  I don't know if they ever have it.  The owner is friendly and very eager to please.  But without the ethnic differentiation, this is just a lovely setting with good to mediocre food, and nothing else to distinguish it from hundreds of others in Vegas.  Except for what has to be a huge rent, due to the sheer size of the place, that will probably render this review obsolete within a few months.
While I can see that other reviews of this place have loved it and given a high number of stars to prove it, I have to tell you that I am not one of them. I had an awful experience here, and all the five star reviews in the world really wouldnt do much to persuade me to come back.  The Cafe was empty when me and my girlfriend arrived, which for a sunny saturday afternoon was somewhat odd. As we entered, the members of staff who were clearly using the cafe as a private members club for themselves instantly threw us cold looks, as though we had no right to be there and then dissapeared out of view for the next five minutes. At this point, my girlfriend and I wanted to leave, because without saying a thing the staff had been rude beyond belief.  When the staff did reappear, they did thier best to ignore us as they took our order of what I felt to be over priced Turkish food. When it did arrive it was slammed down onto the table, and regrettably wasnt even very nice at all. Further more, the fruit smoothy that I had ordered was worryingly thick and disgusting, and I took no more than a few sips before I left it. We paid and left within 20 mins of entering, with half our food untouched.  Looking at the previous reviews, I can understand that we may have just entered on a bad day where all the staff were ill or something, but really, it should have been better than that.
Deciding to have a quick post exam snack, I spotted Cafe Turquaz as it was one of the few places I haven't tried on Nicolson st. I eyed a tasty slab of apple pie and ordered a coffee.   This, I admit, is not especially Turkish but was nonetheless ok.  Coming with squirty cream (which I find a little tacky) and a spoon  I swiftly lapped it up. The coffee was average too and the saving grace was my lucky snag of the big comfy sofa immediately found upon entrance.  Reading from other reviews the Turkish food sounds pretty good, I'll stick with that next time.
I recently met a friend here supposedly for coffee, but the food menu looked so good we ended up staying for an hour and a half munching our way through the various tasty treats on offer!  As the name suggests, the food here is largely Turkish. There is a huge selection of wraps/sandwiches and also soup on offer, but we opted for the Mezze platter to share (£7.95) and definitely weren't disappointed. It came piled high with fresh humus, roast peppers, marinated olives, tangy feta cheese, stuffed vine leaves, artichokes, tzatziki to name a few... The flatbreads used to mop it all up had to come on a separate plate!   The range of flavours really was delicious; I love this type of turkish/mediterranean food and if you eat here you'll see why. My only word of warning would be it very much depends on who you're with - this type of lunch isn't exactly one you can eat neatly with a knife and fork!  We had trouble choosing from the wide selection of herbal teas available, but eventually went for the spiced apple which I'd highly recommend. The coffee was tasty but I'd stay away if you're planning on sleeping in the next 24 hours... it's definitely on the strong side!  My only criticism would be that a lot of the cakes/desserts on display weren't home-made. That said, whether or not the baklava was home-made or bought in I don't know, but it's definitely worth tucking into after your mezze.
A great place for a quick cup of tea but not if your looking for a meal. I grabbed the most disappointing and pathetic looking bagel of my life out of here, £3.65 for something the size of a cheerio!  The cake that followed was superb though, a lovely rich chocolate slice! The coffee is ok, just ok.
Located on busy Nicholson street is this little Turkish cafe.  I went into Cafe Turquaz with a friend and ended up just having coffee and cake. Despite what the other reviewers found, the quality seemed to be fine. The staff weren't the chattiest but were not unpleasant either. The prices were average. I have yet to try their more substantial food. It looked appetising however.  Admittedly Cafe Turquaz has a hard time competing with the many established and high quality cafe and restaurants on Nicholson St. It seems to be holding its own.
This place has been taken over by, as I understand, relatives of the previous owner and is still delivering the same format. They are opening well into the evening now and I feel it would be a decent place to grab a quick evening meal - BUT - I totally feel they need to sort out their evening lighting ... light a few candles or dim all the lights a bit. Great place though!
I have always loved this place, not least for its sense of tranquility (no music playing) and a good escape from the madness of Nicolson Street. While the decor is not amazing, the frontage is smart and nicely painted; there are just enough quirky touches to lift it above bland and it always feels very clean. As  a BIG fan of Turkish food, the delicious mezze selection is a hit; and the Turkish breakfast is always goes down well (note to owner - it used to come with 2 fried eggs!) A daily cafe newspaper available would also be a good touch ... They also seem to have increased their range of Turkish baklava and cakes although the standard cafe carrot cakes makes an appearance  Note - I have always found the service incredibly efficient and never unfriendly.  Update March 2012 - looks like new owners/managers have taken over, though keeping the same formula - they are delightful! They are now pitching it as an evening venue too - good idea but to make it work they really need to thing about some candles/mood lighting for the day to evening transition ...
Chocolate covered marsh-mellow fluff in my face. I love this place!  The staff has been very friendly on my visit, and more importantly, they served a proper Turkish coffee, in a proper Turkish manner. Which is with the little coffee-pot they use to make a cup, and a covered cup.   The food was lovely, and the staff was friendly to a point beyond believe. They had seen us eyeing the window-booth (well, me, mainly) and as soon as it was empty they offered to re-seat us in the middle of our meal over at the window. Within minutes me and my girly-date where snug-as-a-bug all boothed up and happy. I could've sat there for ages just watching people pass by, or as we say in Dutch "aapjes kijken" which translates to "little monkey watching", (the rudeness of the term only being offset by the funness of the activity).  I left a very content Lou, pondering if I should come back with a book, a group of friends, a date, or just all of the above. But come back I will!
We had a bite to eat here between shows at the Fringe. The cafe is kind of small, and the waitress initially set us up at an awkward table in the middle of the aisle, but then moved us to a normal table once it opened up. We ordered a dish to share with hummus, falafel, and grilled vegetables which was good-a little lacking in flavor but still edible. We also ordered the apple tea which was tasty. I've had better Turkish/Mediterranean food elsewhere, but the service was quick and our waitress was pleasant.
Stopped here for a wee cup of tea and a bit of time to read my book. Did the job nicely. Standard brew, tea bag, decent pot. Not much else to report really. I liked the ambience of the place, nice and relaxed. But nothing really special on first visit.   Would be happy to visit again and sample some of the Turkish delights they have on offer.
Decent Turkish food place in the city centre. We ordered some vegetarian platters and the hummus was great as was some of the small bits. In general the food lacked the flavour and seasoning that makes Turkish food mount wateringly delectable.  The Turkish coffee was fabulous and the Baklava for dessert was excellent :-) I would come back here again if I am craving for food but their service and flavoring does need a bit of a face lift to get this place humming.   The staff were very accommodating however they just did not come by to check on you unless you asked. It's not expensive so I suppose I should not expect a lot however I do believe a change might lead to a world of good for this place and make it super popular.   If you find yourself in Edinburgh city centre and craving for Turkish food besides a doner kebab then this place is not a bad bet.
We came to Cafe Turquaz tonight for book group because we were looking for a good spot with teas, coffees, and food in this area. The staff were friendly and accommodating of our large group that kept expanding. I think that they excel in Turkish coffee and teas, but they fall down a bit in terms of the food. The baklava I had didn't seem the freshest or most tasty, but the nachos that others had looked completely underwhelming and left a bit to be desired. The cafe seems to have somewhat Turkish decor and furniture, but it's not too warm or comfy. It'll do for a Turkish coffee I think, but I'd rather go other places in town next time.
after a rather chilly cup of tea at looking glass books, Lou V. and I made our way over to this little turkish cafe to have some lunch in what we hoped would be a warmer location.  the misty rain and wind added to our cold but thankfully when we opened the door to this cafe we were welcomed with a rush of cosy warm air and a very friendly waitress that placed us at a table with menus.  a rather quick look at the drinks portion of the menu and i immediately opted for a turkish apple tea!!  oh i so love this beverage, it's such a fruity and apple-y cup of comfort that seems to only ever be available in tiny turkish cafes even though it's just a blend of tea placed in a normal tea bag.  why is this not sold in any shops????  Lou went for the turkish coffee option that was very expertly poured from a height into a tiny little cup (almost a thimble) that then had a little silver cover placed on top to keep it warm.  she very kindly allowed me to try a sip and i was pleasantely surprised by how nice this coffee was.  it was very strong, but in turkish style it was also nicely sweetened to take the edge off.  i may have to come back and order this for myself!  we both ordered the falafel plate for our lunch which came shortly after our drinks.  this was a massive plate totally filled with food but not to the point that it was unappetising.  there was a good portion of hummus toped with an olive in the middle, along that sat three tasty falafels, salad with a scrummy yogurt dressing, some roasted veggies, and a nicely shaped cylinder of couscous.  adorning the edges of the plate was a freshly toasted pita bread cut into four pieces.  lovely display and just as lovely tasting food.  the olives had been marinated so had a little chilli kick that i didn't expect, but the yogurt dressing on the salad helped to take the burn away.  in fact i wish i'd had more of the dressing as it was a very tasty topping for the falafels.  i also wish there had been a little bit more salad although the portion was probably balanced with the roasted veggies that were included.  i enjoyed dipping my pita bread into the hummus which was tasty but could have been just a tiny bit more garlicy, i also found the falafels to be tasty but just a tiny bit dry.  all in all though i really enjoyed my plate and felt it was only small things that could easily be remedied.  the service here is quick and effecient and it's so so so blissfuly warm inside this cafe!!  i really appreciated that after the cold shop i'd sat in before and was extra grateful when the waitress made a quick move to shut the front door after some obnxious customers left it open when they exited.  ugh why do people do that??? so rude... thank you to the waitress who fixed this so quickly i didn't even have time to get a annoyed comment out!  the only drawback to this place is it's near the university and not in a part of town i frequent.  but if i found myself back in newington, i'd happily pop in to try a turkish coffee and savour the warmth in cold winter months.
Having once had a nice piece of cake in Cafe Turquaz, I was looking forward to returning tonight.  We were not an easy group; they had very kindly reserved us some space at the back of the long, narrow seating area but as we expanded in number we became harder and harder to fit in. Eventually the very friendly staff member suggested a lengthways rearrangement of the tables, which did the trick very nicely. It was really kind of them to accommodate our hassle!  It's a sweet little spot, quite dark (as I remembered) and with teeny weeny Turkish rugs the size of mouse mats on the walls. Cute! But unfortunately there's no real getting around a few issues.  The chap didn't seem to really know anything about gluten- free and it took poor Claire L a bit of word wrangling to work out what exactly she was ordering and whether it would suit. He wasn't forthcoming on volunteering a full description of the dish so it took a while. I think he was mostly just confused and caught off guard by an unexpected question.  I was excited by the offer of "steamed milk with a flavour", which has to be the nicest little thing I read on a menu. So nicely put! I opted for the honey one, but I'd really like to try it again because I was bemused by what tasted like basically just milk until I found all of the honey sitting at the bottom. I suppose it was my fault for not stirring it but steamed milk is so yummy and frothy I hadn't wanted to deflate it.  The food looked a little lacklustre and disappointing but I do remember having enjoyed the cake on my first visit, and the Turkish Delight this time was really nice, so I think I'll have to go back and try a third time. I suspect that their strengths lie in the sweet things. I'll update when I've been back and I imagine I shall add a star with the caveat that you come for the sweet side of the menu!
Came here for book group and they did well to accommodate our expanding table and sorting our order.  Service was friendly so no complaints there. Not great for gluten free and I think our server wasn't sure either so I was crossing my fingers and hoping for the best when ordering my chicken nachos.  The nachos looked a bit bare. The chicken was pre-packed and cut up so no sauce or seasoning issues. The corn chips were fine. The guacamole was bought in but the salsa was more like a red pepper sauce and it didn't taste the best.  So Cafe Turquaz didn't wow me. There are probably good options for others but not for gluten free me...
A wee bunch of Yelpers were here last night for Book Group. We had a little selection of nachos, turkish coffees and teas and turkish delight. The guys inside were really accomadating and happy to help us shift tables and chairs around to fit all of us in, and I swear they were smiling the whole time, really nice guys.  I've walked past this wee café countless times as it's in my neck of the woods, and it is perhaps in need of a little redecorating or just "sprucing up". There's a whole lot of cafés on Nicholson Street, and this one just never seems to lure me in. That said, the guys were really friendly, the tea was strong, and the cakes looked tasty! Definitely a homely wee place.
It was a misty Sunday and my friend and I were desperately looking for a place to have lunch taking a break from studying.  Our favorite snack places around campus were all closed so we took a little stroll to Nicholson Street and got stranded at Café Turquaz.  I've walked by this place but was never particularly attracted but taking a closer look it did look welcoming and having no alternatives at hands we entered the café.  Now, I am prejudiced towards Turkish food and coffee ... which means I was looking forward to it :)  and we were not let down. Its a nice little place which could be a bit prettier but makes the most out of it's situation on Nicholson St, we sat in the far back and could forget about the busy street.  The food was just what we had been looking for, we had lamb shish kebab and a vegetarian moussaka. So it seems to be a good place for vegetarians, too. I was sort of hoping the tea we ordered would come in traditional Turkish style in small glasses but it was the European pot and cup. But that was the only downer, really.  We'll definitely return for another lunch and this time not out of lack of other options :)
Dersim do Kebab's a little differently but because I don't know how they cook them I can't exactly explain why.  But I can be certain of the following.  1) I can go with £10 and feed two people. 2) My food look's like it was cooked that day. 3) Virtually no grease from the Donner meat. 4) Crispy chips, NOT SOGGY! 5) Chatty staff. 6) Open later than you care to be awake.  Set the standard on Dalry road!
I came to Dersim Kebab House just over a week ago with a friend whilst we were on our way to a flat party.  It was the night of the football world cup finala and we were in a rush to get something to eat before getting there.  Thankfully, Dersim served us pretty tasty meals without any hassle at all.   Their menu isn't exactly awe inspiring, but has all that you would expect from a standard kebab house.  I went for a chicken kebab with salad and chips which came to about £3 along with a bottle of water - a pretty good deal.  The chicken, however, was a little dry but I managed to counteract this by squirting on a whole load of mayonnaise.  The salad was fresh and the chips weren't bad at all. My mate had a cheeseburger with chips which he thought was pretty average as well. On the whole it's decent enough, value for money food and friendly service.
I agree with Stuart on certain points - Dersim Kebab House is open late and it's cheap, so in that sense its got its perks. But I'm put off by how glaringly greasy the food is.  I've not seen it open early in the day (to be fair, the thought of getting a kebab before midday is revolting), but illuminated by its strip lighting it looks a bit seedy at night.  Before you get in the door, you are greeted with massive laminated pictures of all the meal deals they do. They don't really try to tart up the appetisers by giving them names, they refer to them in numbers. Not exactly tempting when it's seemingly served up like prison food.  I'm being a bit harsh - the content wasn't actually that bad. Morbid curiosity led me to eat in here and I wasn't actually disappointed. Portions are very generous and the staff are friendly enough.  Don't get me wrong - I've had worse kebabs. But even though I'm basing this critique on the appearance of Dersim Kebab House, it's just as important as what's inside. With the shabby frontage and less than appealing signs in the window, they sell themselves short. The food is decent enough and if it's two in the morning, you could do worse than to hook yourself up with a kebab in here.
I can only speak for their Lamb Shish wraps; it's the only thing I've had, but several times at that. among the best here.
Was walking home really late after a nice girls' night and decided that I should indulge my sinful midnight hunger pangs so my friends and I hopped into Dersim Kebab House. Oh, the aroma!!  We weren't the only ones there at that hour (around 3am), 5 other people were in line for supper  Despite having made the wrong order and having to get them to change it (they were already making it, opps... guilty!), they were very nice about it and told us not to worry.  Finally, they gave us our large chicken kebabs for only 6.50! It had generous toppings and the meat tasted so fresh. I wish I found out about this place earlier!!
Sometimes, curiosity gets the better of us, and we just have to break that final barrier by taking a proper, sit-down meal in a restaurant, entirely alone. Despite having a newspaper on hand, I still felt obliged to explain my singularity to the guy working here via a half-hearted "I'm just on my lunch break." I got a sympathetic nod in return.  It was worth breaking the social boundaries however, and was the best lunch I've had in a while. There's only a very limited menu of 3 mixed meza plates on at lunch, and I went for the only meat-laden option. Grilled garlic sausages, chicken, i basket of flatbreads and a fantastic yoghurt sauce were all good, but the rubbery, meaty cheese was the star of the show. Utterly fantastic, especially when dipped in the sauce.  Great service too. I'll be back soon, hopefully with E-Bot in tow.
I love this place! When grey Edinburgh gets wet and very grey this is a place that brings you  to land of thousand nights and the Ottoman' palace by Istanbul's seaside. The place is small but so cosy one wish to never leave and continue the journey along the streets lit by the moon light and sounds of a multicultural mecca.   Ceiling is covered with colourful lamps from the gran basar, oriental carpets and pillows. On week ends musicians plays and the atmosphere is rising to the corners of the neighbour hood on St Mary's Street.  The food is delicious and healthy! Simply!  Great place for parties as well as 1 to 1 dinner.
I've had my eye on Empires for some time. A little narrow door, sometimes perennially feeling like the place is never open. But open it was on a dark and cold Sunday night and what a warm, welcoming space it is for a Scottish winter. It's a cafe serving Turkish mezze - your standards - hummus, baba ghanoush, falafel, moussaka (Veggie and not so much) as well as more interesting choices such as crushed hazelnuts in a tomato sauce (delicious, thank you for asking). Served with warm plates of pitta studded with caraway seeds, mezze it might be but we came out stuffed. We also did take advantage of the size of our table and ordered the entire menu to try the lot. Overall, I didn't find any particular bum notes - although I was disappointed with the baba ghanoush personally, but everyone had their own opinion on what was best. I loved the char grilled aubergine, the boy thought the air dried Turkish sausage was delicious. The parents tucked into crushed walnuts and meatballs with gusto.   If I went through everything we ate, it literally would be everything. We washed it down with pomegranate juice and mint tea. Water is served to the table in beautiful metal jugs (the decor of this place is just fab). Your meal is accompanied by an eclectic collection of music including local artists who also perform there live from time to time. I absolutely fell in love with this place. The boy (also known as the silent reviewer) argued that the price we paid was a little steep... I would argue for five mezze per person (16 quid), it was more than enough for one person.. three mezze may be just right. But for a throw caution to the wind and try everything meal, it was fab.   Oh and before I forget - it's BYOB with a corkage fee and cash only payments - be warned!
What a gorgeous treasure trove of yum Empires is.  I had been wanting to go here for a long time. I love Turkish and Greek food, and the mezze style of eating (it just means more flavours and dishes to enjoy). So I was delighted to finally get to have dinner at Empires.  The first thing that struck me is "wow this place is gorgeous!" This is how I would decorate my living room if I could. All dark wood carvings, an ornate balcony carving, different coloured lamps hanging at different lengths, the colour of deep jewels. Opulent, rich, lush, cosy.  Except that it wasn't very cosy. It's now November, and getting pretty baltic. It was cold outside, and rather than that rush of warm air that normally greets you when you step into a restaurant, it was cold. We moved upstairs to the balcony area to get a bit more warmth. I'm told, though, that on a busy night it gets far too hot. But still...  The menu is quite straight forward. There's a range of different mezze dishes, and you can get 3 for £12.95 or 5 for £15.95 In hindsight, 5 was maybe a bit many but 3 just wasn't quite enough.  The aubergine dish was so yum and fresh and flavourful. The meatballs, oh yes please. The haloumi was a very strong, rich, salty haloumi. But who doesn't love squeaky cheese.  I also liked the way in which the 5 mezze were presented. Rather than 5 small dishes, they were all laid out nicely around a salad in the middle of a large plate. You can still share if you want, but it was just a nice quirk.  It'd be a great place to come in a big group, order EVERYTHING, feast and enjoy. But it was also perfect, intimate and cosy for meal-for-two.  I'll definitely come back, and soon. The food was beautifully seasoned, and whilst it may not break any barriers, it's reliable, traditional and delicious Turkish food in a beautiful (is slightly chilly) restaurant.
This wee place is really great! Particularly for people like myself who get ridiculous food envy/can't decide what to have for breakfast in the morning, so the mezze 'element' (meh) of the menu is ideal - pick a bit of this, dip a bit of that, done, you feel like you've had a bit of everything.  It was BYOB last time I checked, so remember your bottles if you want to have a bit of the hard stuff with your mezze. Also, it is wee as highlighted at the start, so book ahead if there's a bunch of you. There's a cool, almost loft-like space at the top of the restaurant for chilled dining, and there are often bands playing too.
First things first. Before you take a seat you must realise that this place is cash only. The nearest cash machines are RBS on North Bridge or the Tesco on Holyrood Road. Both a good 5 min walk away.  So after a detour to get cash (am I the only one that is over reliant on the plastic in my wallet?) we returned to a cozy table in the corner. Except the staff kept opening the front door to get rid of the incense smoke & each time I was hit with an icy artic blast...  It's byob which is cool. Neither I nor the new Mrs G were drinking. She had the mint tea & I tried the pomegranate juice. Both were fine. Water was presented in a lovely silver jug.   Food wise we each opted for a 3 dish meze. I had the chicken, the meatballs & the olives. Mrs G had the halloumi, stuffed peppers & something else I can't quite remember. What we had was nice & tasty. We weren't told that they were out of pitta so it was a bit of a surprise when our plates arrived with some brown bread. Not what I was expecting & no comment/acknowledgement from the waitress either.  Unfortunately the bread had seeds in it which Mrs G can't eat (allergies) so I asked if we could have an alternative. The waitress was polite but adamant they had no pitta & even when I asked if they had anything else. Eventually I spoke to another member of staff & eventually we were offered some rice. Fair enough. Too much palaver though. It should've been much easier to sort out.  That's why it only gets 3 stars.
If you're looking for a takeaway that offers good quality at decent prices, Samsun's isn't the worst place to go by a long way.  Whether its fish and chips, kebabs, pizza or a burger, this place will be able to cook you whatever you need.  These aren't going to cost you very much, but if you've only got a small amount of change on you then the chips at £1.50 are very good.  It's a quick and easy place to pick up some dinner or an after night out snack, and I'd consider it to be one of the best in the area, perhaps just behind the Kingfisher for chips though.
Not a great place for food, but when needs must Samsons serves a purpose. This is normally walking home late at night from punk gigs, pubs etc after skipping dinner thinking we will grab something on the way through the evening. The pakoras and pizzas are very reasonable, but the chips are a bit hit and miss. I am quite taken by their potatoe fritters for some reason, and I dont particularly like chips at the best of times. If you need food it always seems to be open and is proabaly the best option in the area for street food at night.
Even though Samsun's always seems relatively busy after about 10 at night the food is never fresh and certainly the chip shop side leaves the nasty clinging feeling of grease in your mouth, not appealing in the least. The only thing I have found that is passible is the pakora, however even these are not the best. Concorde at near by Tollcross isn't open as late but the food is better...  Samsun's survives I suspect on (uninformed) passing trade and kicking out time from the many bars in the area and from the Cav (Cavendish/Lava Ignite as was) night club...
Kebabish Original is a brand of restaurants that now scale the country a vast menu that includes kebabs, curries, burgers, salads and mixed grills. This means that however fussy one of your mates are, they are sure to find something that tickles their fancy. From the outside Kebabish Original looks really trendy and modern with huge panel windows and inside this theme is continued and offers a really cool, trendy place to dine. I came here with a few friends after a game of laser quest, which is just down the road and I ordered a kebab, as I thought this would be the safest bet as the name of the restaurant suggests this is their speciality. I was right and the kebab tasted fantastic, and there is no comparison between the greasy kebabs I have become used to from cheap takeaways to this well seasoned one. My friends weren't as complimentary about the food however, saying that their curries tasted greasy, so I would therefore say that if you do come here, that you go for the kebabs.
Having chomped down on various shish, doner and chicken tikka rolls from various Kebabish outlets over the years, I have to concur with El Tel's viewpoint that this place is excellent. As long as you stick to the kebabs.  And what kebabs they are. Stuck on a charcoal grill often right in front of you, the proper barbeque taste is nothing short of fantastic, the salad is fresh, and if you avoid the doner, a few of the grilled varieties probably aren't all that bad for your health either.  Having only tried a curry once, it wasn't at the same level, but the kebabs are what it's all about, what they want you to experience, so grumbling about that would be like going to Pizza Hut and complaining that the pasta is shite, which it is.  Fantastic for kebabs, and with their rapid expansion, a testament to good old free market economics.
It's funny how a place can get some things so right and others totally wrong. I once had a big argument with a friend about how a chicken kebab isn't actually that unhealthy - grilled chicken on a pitta bread, with salad. "Yeah but what about the garlic mayo and chilli sauce?" "Well yeah, but McDonald's don't put burger sauce on their calorie count, do they?" 1 - 0 Wallace.  Anyway, the kebabs in this place are excellent. Beautifully seasoned and genuinely tasty, and cooked on a charcoal grill. The salad is actually pretty good too, not just the usual chopped red cabbage (why do kebab shops think this is OK?).   That said, the curries are no where near as good. My friend had a bhuna (obviously, we're Northern) and it had about half an inch of grease laminating the top. The actual curry tasted fine, but he had a slippery face afterwards. Go for the kebabs, nothing else.
Have been a few times.  Serivce good, staff friendly and nice atmosphere.  Food has been mostly good but a couple of duff dishes (the overcooked prawn in particular).  I'd still recommend it though even with the ocassional mistake.
Kebabish is the UK's biggest chain of Asian restaurants. Their dishes from the grill are first class. I didn't care much for the place, though, and the service was down right poor.  Overall, we said: "the food that I had at Kebabish was extremely good. The service and setting don't match it, at all. The frowner-in-chief should turn his attention away from glowering at his chefs and glower at his serving staff, instead. If that dead-eye stare has the same effect on them as is does on the kitchen staff, he'll address the place's real weaknesses, in no time."
After hearing quite a bit about this place we finally decided to check it out. It turns out it's a great establishment, you can't find such an array of grilled foods under one roof in Edinburgh as this place! The food is rather spicy but it compliments the meat nicely. Also the prices are very reasonable. I recommend it :)
Damn.....  This place was amazing.  The Mixed grill was so good I almost cried.  The chicken wings were the best chicken wings I have ever had ever.    Then I ordered lamb vindaloo and it was so tasty and so frigin spicy I actually did cry.  Well done.  Why is there no good Indian in America?
After passing by KO a gazillion times, finally had dinner at the place for a friend's farewell  Watching from the outside its brightly lit restaurant, we usually find it packed with people. We must have decided to drop in on an unusually quiet day.   Service is slow, which is disappointing.  We had naan and tandoori chicken...  pretty decent. As poor scholars, we thought the price was slightly out of a student's budget but overall, the portions was quite sizable.
What's this? Yet another review of something within spitting distance of your house Chris?! Quelle surprise!  Get over it. It's happening.  Sure enough, Kebabish is situated not two minutes from my house on Dalry Road, and if I wasn't spoiled enough already with the likes of Chop Chop and Sushiya a mere stone's throw away (amongst many other fine places), there's now another place to add to the list. That's right, Kebabish was surprisingly top notch.  We were met, seated and made our order with no fuss or bother and the food arrived pretty quickly too. Fun times!  So the food itself... my bud had the chicken wings for starters. They were amongst the finest chicken wings  I've ever had in a restaurant. Fact. I went for the quail (more for the novelty than anything) and for those who've not had quail... meh, it's alright I guess. This is purely down to a consequence of the meat itself and not the cooking or presentation of it - it was cooked well and has quite a satisfying meaty taste, there's just not much of it. I would have much rather had the wings...  For mains we both went for Karahis, I got the chicken and he got the lamb. Mine was better. For the uninitiated, a Karahi is a cooking pot which is used in the preparation of the dish - just so you know... (EDUCATIONAL REVIEWS!) The dishes themselves were mightily tasty with a nice mix of spice and flavour  - not bland and hot like many other curries, really quite delicate whilst potent. Oh hello ginger, thanks for that flavour explosion in my mouth! (I love ginger) - accompaniments in the form of rice and naan were satisfying but somewhat short of being noteworthy.  And hey, how could we not at least give mention to BYOB with no corkage. Simply brilliant.  The fly in the ointment and the reason for four stars in place of five? Well firstly the lamb in the Karahi was a little tough and (although still quite tasty) hadn't been cooked anywhere long enough to let it come close to being as good as the chicken. Secondly... £4.90 for two popadoms and dips?!  I even went and checked online to make sure we hadn't been jipped and true enough there it is plain as day... As someone who has frequented curry houses since youth I have never in my days seen that kind of disproportionate pricing.   But hey, don't buy the pops and you're in for a treat.
Well priced with a decent range of dishes. Pretty swift service. The restaurant is a bit draughty though, as noted by earlier reviewers. Could also do with having the extractor fan in the gents fitted back into the plasterboard. A good place to go with a group of mates though so I'd be happy to make a return visit.
Oh dear, had a really poor meal here. Will never be back. The service was beyond poor and it took an hour for the food to arrive. When it finally came it was just fine - nothing to write home about - and I was completely underwhelmed.   At one point we asked a waitress how much longer it would be for food. No joke, she shrugged her shoulders and said "I don't know" and that was it! She didn't apologise, check with the kitchen, ask us if we wanted another drink, anything. I burst out laughing at her behaviour and the guys on the table next to us started a chat about how long they'd been waiting too, haha.   Was given a hokey excuse about the restaurant being understaffed at the end of the meal (after we tried to pay and had to wait another ten minutes), but honestly the food was expensive for what it was and experience very poor. Why bother going back again when so many other fantastic Indian restaurants in Edinburgh?   Fail, Kebabish. FAIL.
We decided to visit Kebabish after a bunch of guys from my office had a team night - and mentioned it as a bit of a meat-fest.  Wow!  The first thing is the smell - grilling meats .... Mmmmmmm!  From its quite trendy decor to the very attentive staff it was super all round. I had the sheek kebab to start - 2 large, flavoursome and piping hot pieces of yumminess, and Husband had malai boti chicken - which was a lot of meat for a starter. Our waiter was very knowledgeable, as I had queried what was the hotter of two main dishes, and he suggested I order the North Indian Chilli Garlic lamb with great flavours but get it vindaloo hot. Husband had Lamb Jhalfrezi which was succulent and rich - he mentioned how tender the meat was. There's a mixed grill which sounds amazing (the boys at work had it) which is a huge pot of chops, steaks and other carnivorous delights.  Even better: it's a BYO with a Co-Op next door so three bottles of San Miguel for £6 was all we splashed for drinks. Service was brisk but not rushed and you see the chefs behind glass. Highly recommended hence 5*.
I have only collected take away food from this restaurant so I can't comment on the serving experience. It's true that every few months I see new faces (assistant waitresses mainly), but the Indian/Pakistani guys seem regular to me. It's considered a busy place, very spacious and the customers' origins vary.    Now, about the take away food. I've tried all their Biryani dishes and they're mouth watering!! If you live close by, it's better to grab the food and go home to enjoy it, as the price difference is considerable!! For example lamb biryani and peshwari naan bread for £10! A friend of mine tried a spicy lamb dish and he loved it (he's a curry expert with his friends trying different restaurant almost per month for years in Edinburgh). Their paratha bread is also great - lighter in the stomach compared to the naan bread!   It's easy to give them a call and order the food. What I found unexpected is that you will get text promotions on your mobile phone every two months or so and there's no obvious option to unsubscribe. I never opted in, so they seem to take it for granted when you make a phone order, I do believe though if you give them a call they should be able to remove you from the list.   Their punctuality is not the best when ordering take away: they don't check always how busy is the kitchen, and they mention fixed time 20 mins or so, but if you show up earlier, your order might be ready.   Oh, and they accept card payments for less than £10 without any extra charge.   Looking forward to trying more dishes and the thrill of the grill!!!
One of the best places for lunch and dinner at the UW Plaza.  It has the feel of a nicer sit-down place and serves great food, but its never expensive and the food is just great. What's more, the owner is always very calm, smiling, and polite. I always feel welcome coming back.  They also have hookas for late night hangouts.  Recommendations: - Meetpoint: (get the small for ~$7) The sauce is delicious - Spiess sandwich - awesome for ~$7, I think the bread is home-made! So good. - Good turkish coffee and baklava  Heads up: - The service is sometimes slow for students in a rush - The shows they have on their TVs dont always match an eating mood (one time they had Dirty Jobs playing)
Hands down the best restaurant at the university plaza. Before I get to the food, lets just say this is a decent sit down place, much better then east side Mario's. The food here cost anywhere from $7-$20. The atmosphere is very pleasant, the owner is a great guy and makes amazing food. If you are on a budget try the tasty pizza, but if you are feeling like treating yourself try the seafood pasta. For under $15 bucks i have never had such tasty pasta filled with large fresh shrimp, muscles and one more seafood item I think. This dish is much much better then east side mario's seafood pasta, and its so filling, warm and aromatic.   I can't say enough good things about this, except that the only two places I enjoy eating at in the university area of Waterloo are Meetpoint and my own kitchen.
Having tried many of the other restaurants in UW Plazza, I like Meetpoint the best. I love sitting outdoors in the summer. Their food is delicious and beats any standardized chained restaurants any time. Price wise, this place can be inexpensive if you aren't ordering anything fancy, but if you want, you can also order the seafood pasta! The owner, although slow at times to serve our meals, is a great guy. Overall, I love the place and would definitely recommend it to my friends!
Let me start this review by saying... $10.50 PITCHERS OF SAPPORO.   I wish this place was around when I went to school, the beer alone would have me coming here often, but besides that the food is quite good and reasonably priced for university students.   They have a variety of Pides, a turkish dish which is basically a football shaped pizza with less cheese (if any), ranging from $6-8, a large pizza is $11 and most other dishes range in that $6-12 range as well.  Having only been there once, i'd recommend the Meet Pide. Anyone who likes pizza will enjoy this dish and it's a nice twist.  The food is well made, cooked to order, tasty and a different option than your usual pita and faux-Canadian-Chinese food found at the plaza.   My only complaint (and the reason I ding'd a star) is that service is a bit slow, it takes about 20-30 minutes for your order to come out. It's not fast food, but i'd rather wait a while for fresh food than get soggy heat-lamp buffet table stuff from other places at the plaza. No worries though as long as you have a bit of time, the restaurant itself has a nice ambiance, there's a patio in the summer, and passing the time isn't an issue if you have good company and Sapporo :)   And let me finish this review by saying... $10.50 PITCHERS OF SAPPORO!
Slightly pricey but nice interior and great food. Good for a date
I love Mediterranean food and have had many good meals, however this place did not tickle my fancy. I went around 6p and there were no customers and considering that the food came out very slow. I ordered a Greek salad and it had all the normal ingredients (feta, cucumber, onions) however it was drowning in tzaziki sauce. Not good. I ordered the beef shwarma, and instead of the normal seasoned ground beef on a kabob I got a couple medallions of chewy unmarinated beef. My boyfriend ordered the chicken plate and it was just a breast of chicken. Very plain.
Very good customer service. There food is really good and high quality. It might be a little pricey but its worth every dollar. The environment is very relaxing and if you have a lot of time to spend you can also do shisha.
I like the place and kind owner, but the quality of food is medium. In general doner meat/chicken doesn't have a good quality.  The best food here is the stuffed eggplant and the most popular one is Iskandar.
Went out with my girl for dinner one night and was not pleased at all. I found service to not be friendly, there had seemed be to a bunch of kids/teens messaging and running around the cash/kitchen area. Ordered food and it was a disapointment especially after experiences I gain from places like Al Madina and Arabesque. The food came out cold (rice and pita) the meat was really undercooked had to ask for it to be cooked twice and had a unpleasant look my way when I requested the meat be cooked longer as it was gooey and really pink on the inside. I must say it definitely wrecked my evening and for that I cannot say I'll ever recommend this place or even come back but I'll be sure to steer people I know looking for quality authentic food elsewhere.
Before you judge me for all my late-night kebab eating sins, hear me out.  Ok,yes, I had a hankering for hot meat, in a sandwich, at 11.30pm on a Thursday night. After a search on the Yelp app showed up no open Subway outlets nearby, I realised I would have to resort to a kebab.  Kebab shops in Scotland are generally unhealthy. Greasy, often coupled with chips, probably only 5% meat. But I was desperate.  So when I stumbled upon Pasha I was very pleasantly surprised. Clean, bright, with a menu that included chicken kebabs, and a very clean, fresh looking salad bar. I ordered my chicken kebab and waited as Ali (this is the guys name, we had time to chat and become acquainted!) grilled me some fresh chicken. Not pre-heated nonsense.  As I was waiting, we got chatting. Turns out it's a new store, only 6 months old, and Ali and his brother run it having just moved over from Turkey themselves 6 months ago. So, this is gen-yoo-un Turkish kebabs folks. Yes, it's a takeaway outlet that will cater to a lot of late-nighters but it lacks all the grease, curry sauce, and salt&vinegar of your regular kebab shops.  The kebab itself was delicious. In a huge wholemeal pitta bread, with fresh salad, and charcoaly-tasting hot chicken, mmmm num num.  If you're in the Tollcross area and have a hankering for some late night snackage, I couldn't recommend this place enough. Even if you're on a 'healthy January kick' the chicken kebab is a winner. It's the morning after and I don't have the food-baby of shame - win!  They also do FREE home delivery which is pretty awesome. I've uploaded photos of the menu, as they don't have a website. For all your kebab needs, check it. And say hi to Ali for me!
I know I have friends all over, but I didn't realise that I had a friend in Pasha until I stepped through the door. The prompt greeting from the fellow behind the counter was welcoming, verging on friendly.   Seemingly to ensure absolutely -no- confusion on the point of whether or not we were buddies, he referred to me no fewer than half a dozen times as 'my friend' during the ten minutes I spent in the shop. Not bad for never having exchanged names, right?  After a brief perusal of the menu board, I opted for a basic donner kebab. Reportedly, they also serve up everything from burgers and chips to pizza to curries. Quite versatile, considering the wee footprint of this takeaway. With my meaty bounty (which barely fit in the styrofoam container!) in tow, I returned to my hotel room to stuff my face before passing out, as one does after four drams of whisky in one night.   Though I can't rave much about the meat (it ran a bit on the dry side), Pasha certainly isn't stingy with portions. Even though my last meal was nearly twelve hours prior, I was still only able to get down about half my kebab before raising my white flag in surrender. The combination of freshly toasted pita topped with shaved lamb (presumably) and topped off with salad, a lone wedge of tomato, and a heavy dousing of white sauce left me feeling satisfied and sleepy.  And as if you had to ask what I did with the other half of my kebab... it vanished once the sun came up and tasted even better than the night before. Waste not, want not!
Read Jenny L's review before trip to Edinburgh; since Pasha is a short walk from where I'm bunking I ate a donner pita sandwich plate special with a big pile of meat, salad veggies & sauce, chips, and drink. Sandwich was sloppy, overflowing the pita and quite tasty. Turkish guys running it are really friendly, the food was quick, made-to-order, and reasonably priced so it's worth a visit.
5 stars for a kebab, late-night takeaway. From a bonafide Foodie. Oh my.  But Pasha is definitely 'as good as it gets' as far as kebab shops and takeaways go. I've been back twice in the past 3 weeks and feel none the worse for it. Not even an ounce of guilt.  The reason being their chicken pitta kebab is really as fresh, wholesome and healthy (yes you read me right, HEALTHY) as you can get. It's fresh raw chicken, grilled in front of you, with salad and a freshly toasted pitta. I think if you opt for the donner / burgers / chips etc. you're going to get the regular kebab hangover and I can't claim it's healthy. But the chicken kebabs really are outstanding.  I brought the boy here the first time and he was really, really impressed. "It's been than out of a deli" were his exact words. So after a whisky tasting and fancy two-course dinner that was so small we were both still hungry, we actually purposely went out our way to come here for a fresh chicken kebab each. After a two-course meal. Yes I know. But no food baby the next day, and my jeans are none the tighter.  Every time I've been I've gotten chatting to one of the two brothers that run the place. As Kevin L says, it's also really friendly and I have also often been called "my friend". They're both Turkish, only opened recently, and it really is great, fresh healthy food available at 2pm.  It's clean, small and there's no clinging grease hanging around in the air. True testament that they're doing the best they can for Edinburgh late-night post-pub crawlers. Just make sure you're not too tipsy that you don't actually enjoy and appreciate it!
This place varies depending on what you order it seems, eaten here a couple of times with mixed results. I ordered a hummous falafel pitta and some chips for my friend. Once we were up the road a bit I realise had no falafel or humous for roughly £3.50 I got a value pitta bread and wilted salad. The chips were weird and followed the pitta into the bin. Previous to this I ordered chicken wings and my friend a pizza. The pizza was passable and the chicken wings quite nice. Two experinces one awful one middle of the road I guess. The staff are great though and very friendly which is what bumped this review up by one star. I would say avoid for anything other than kebabs which I am told are excellent. I dont eat kebabage so no idea on that front.
OK, no way that I can't give these guys five stars!  I've been a couple of times, and their late night guilt free chicken wrap is as good as any other if not better... at request they've added jalepenos to mine from the pizza toppings and anyone who knows me would know that's worth a star on it's own. I mean, it was GOOD as far as chicken wraps go in general, not just 2am good. (It was 2am delicious!) ;-)  Where these guys earn five stars is a few weeks ago I called two minutes before closing really just to see if they actually closed at the stated time... sadly they confirmed they were to close in two minutes, so I thanked them and said goodbye... before I could hang up they asked if I wanted to put an order in so that they could hold it for me... I thought it too much trouble given we were at least 10 minutes away, but they eventually persuaded me so an order was placed for a friend and I... 10 or so minutes later we showed up and almost didn't see the place... it was lights off, floor swept, closed, but yet they welcomed us and handed over warm delicious wraps as if it were nothing. (I confess to having assumed they were busy and therefore over accommodating us, but that definitely wasn't the case.)  I've been a few times since and they are always friendly and accommodating, can't ask for more really.   In the end this is a Mediterranean take away joint, but for the foreseeable future they've captured my business when a night calls for one!  PS. For what they are and the service they offer they earn five stars, but if this type of place isn't your thing then that's not likely to change... for the rest of us late night wanderers give them a try! :)
I got the beef doner plate.  It was ok, but not particularly flavourful.  Also, I didn't really feel filled up after I left.  But, like, ok, at the end of the day.
Love me some Rana. The chicken doner wrap is the best IMO
Quick and cheap middle eastern food, and surprisingly good for the price. The chicken donair is great, and the baklava is good enough. Grab the donair plate if you're looking for more value, though the pita is good for lunch.
Colleague: "What do you want for lunch?"  Me: "Meat."  Colleague:"...Rana?"  Me: "Yup."  That is how most conversations are carried out just before deciding on going to Rana for lunch.  Usually I order the chicken doner, no onions, and it will taste exactly as I expect it to taste: meaty, filling, and delicious.
I always get the same thing when I order at Rana: Chicken donar plate with extra rice and salad, no fries.  This dish is delicious, and big enough to eat for two lunches in a row. Tastes great warm and cold, and the service is always fast, even if there is a line.  My only complaint is that depending on who is on cash, sometimes they will let me get extra rice and salad in place of fries while other times, they will only let me get extra salad. Not sure what the big deal is there, since rice, salad, and fries are all pretty equivalent in terms of how much they cost to produce. However, that's a pretty small gripe...
Tasty authentic Turkish food. Love it! They have a wide variety of kebabs and great service.
This restaurant was an amazing find! The food is a little pricey but well worth it! The dana sis was amazing, the meat was incredibly tender and my companion was pleased to find a restaurant serving iskender kebab!
This place was awesome!  The service was very friendly, the meat was tender, and everything was delicious.  I hope this restaurant can survive!
This place has perfectly cooked kebabs.  I ordered the Urfa Kebap.  It was delicious. The side dishes were excellent.   We tried a couple of the appetizers (Turkish Kitchen Special and the Hummus) and they were both  great compliments to our meal.  The bread that comes with your meal is expertly crafted.  It was freshly made and it was crunchy, soft in the middle, and slightly charred at the same time.  It gives Snapple a run for the claim of being the "Best stuff on Earth."  The portions were generous.  You're not going to leave this place unsatisfied.    The people that run it are friendly.  When you taste their food, you'll know that they really know what their doing back there in the kitchen.  I will be back to this place soon.    Give it a try!
Wow.  Ate lunch here today with my sister.  We shared the turkish special appetizer, the iskender kebap,  and my sister had the lentil soup.   All were fresh and beautifully seasoned.  The  bread here alone  is worth a visit.  Large portions, and great for sharing so you can try different things.  Great service and friendly.   Waitress brought us baklava and Turkish tea to try.  Best baklava I have had.   Will be back to this place soon
Menu is very simple( not many options), but food is GREAT! We all love it. Definitely recommend it.
Came here on a long lunch break.  Three out of the three Turks with us agreed that Turkish Kitchen is the most authentic Turkish restaurant in the greater Phoenix area.  One had said Arizona, but admitted that he hadn't really visited every Turkish restaurant in this great state.  After eating some types of Asian food, Turkey is mostly in Asia if you didn't know, I am usually hungry after a few hours.  This is especially true with Chinese food, some Japanese food, but not Thai food.  Thais doesn't hold back on the coconut milk.  Having ordered iskender kebab, I experienced much the opposite.  The dish is serve hot with the kebab meat (beef, lamb, both - who knows?) served above pide bread soaking in yogurt, tomato sauce, and the kebab meat juices.  There are no sticks; order a different kebab if you must eat you're your meat on a stick.  Naturally, I ordered the large portion and never looked back.  In fact, I couldn't help myself and felt rather good after finishing my rather large lunch.  So I ordered revani, baked dessert bread infused with syrup.  And did I mention the appetizers: acili ezme (a symphony of blended summer vegetables drizzled with olive oil and finished with herbs and spices), patlican soslu (the eggplant version of acili ezme), and our meals came with some kind of side sauce that defies description because I'm not sure which one it is on the online menu.  On the other hand, I only had water because I'm watching my weight and avoiding soft drinks.  After lunch, we drove back to work, and I tried to remember all the things I was supposed to be doing.  After about an hour or so, I started to feel really full, and that I should stop eating, except, I had stopped about an hour ago.  After another hour, I was ready for a long nap.  A few more hours later, I rolled myself into my car and drove home.
This is by far, one of the best if not the best Turkish Food we have eaten! After living in Turkey and going there every year for past 27 years, needless to say I have eaten a lot of Turkish food.  The food here athe the Turkish Kitchen is exceptional.  The spices are just right and every dish was absolutely delicious. I had several mezes, soup and the Adana and my husband had the Iskender  The portions were generous and the prices were very reasonable for the quality of food. The bread which we learned you can purchase was a special treat as we were only able to get that during Ramadan in the past.  Went there yesterday and will be going again tomorrow to try other dishes.  The staff was very friendly and service was great.  Not only happy to see authentic Turkish food in Arizona, but some of the best tasting Turkish Food I have ever eaten.
We traveled from Anthem to find this little Turkish heaven.  The drive was worth it.  Loved everything about this place from the service to the food! Definitely be back.
Probably closer to 4.5 than 4.  Very good Turkish food.  Bread is VERY good. Not overly expensive.  Web site could stand to be updated with actual address/location of the restaurant.
Simply divine.  Best bread in the valley.  The kebab is lean and high quality - superbly prepared - and everything on the menu is delicious.  But nothing beats the service here.  Treated like royalty with a feast fit for a king.  We love Turkish Kitchen!!
Turkish Kitchen was absolutely terrific. Clean, cute, friendly staff. The bread was some of the best we have ever had and the complimentary dip was really tasty. We tried the Adana Kebab and Iskender Kebab for our entrees and both were excellent. I can't wait to return and try some more items.
Great food, friendly staff and great price.  I lived in Turkey for a year and this IS authentic Turkish food.  We drive up from Tuscon to eat at this restaurant.
Turkish Kitchen has great Mediterranean food!! First they brought their house bread with a sauce that was just delicious!! Second we had the hummus and it was excellent!! We ordered the Urfa Kebap & Adana Kebap, and they were just outstanding! The entree came with rice and veggies that were just very tasty!! The service was very attentive and friendly!! Definitely be back soon!
What a treasure for Phoenix. This place has really tasty food and unbeatable service. Oskar was one of the best servers we've had in years. I hope many people who are unfamiliar with Turkish food will give this a shot and see what they've been missing!
Turkish Kitchen is one of my top 3 favorite restaurants in the East Valley ;) They serve genuine Turkish food - and I LOVE Turkish food ;) When you walk in they give you still oven-hot pita/naan bread with delicious dipping sauce. Dinner portions are large, and very tasty. I always order chicken kebap dinner and Turkish KItchen special appetizer (which I use as a second delicious dipping sauce with the refillable bread). Prices are good too! :) :) :) I recommend this place to everyone (you don't have to be adventurous to try it - Turkish food is "safe" meaning healthy and delicious).  Like someone mentioned, their menu selection is not too versatile, but I think they are  a still relatively new business.  I have a feeling this will change as more people try the restaurant and start coming back for more ;) What they have on the menu is definitely enough for you to enjoy an excellent meal! :)   Overall, if you haven't been, you must try it!
Very good food. Had the Iskender Doner which was really good but the best dish I had was accident. My wife ordered a vegetarian dish that they did not have enough of so they added some Pirasa with it. Wow. Amazing stuff.
Turkish food coma! Love this place- authentic Turkish food and excellent service!  I lived in Istanbul Turkey for a year so when I found Turkish Kitchen on yelp I had to try it!   The food is authentic and sooooo yummy!  Perfect  pide (bread) and hummus.   I had my fav dish Iskender and it was perfect!    We will be back!!!!
This place is utterly fantastic! I had been missing good Turkish food since Efe's closed, and then I found the Turkish Kitchen which is owned by the original owner of Efe's. I agree with previous reviewers --- the bread is fabulous. All of the grilled meats, especially the ground lamb dishes, are tasty and flavorful, and everything is arranged nicely on the plates. The option of having bulgur wheat instead of rice is a bonus. Highly recommended!
We used to go to Efes Restaurant in Tempe before it closed.  When we learned that the former owner of Efes had now opened a restaurant in Chandler, we just had to check it out.  Although not decorated like Efes used to be, the Turkish Kitchen restaurant was clean and neat, with plenty of seating in booths or at tables.  Some areas near the back of the restaurant (hallway leading to restrooms & storage areas) could definitely use some TLC, as they appear pretty worn, scuffed and in need of painting.  The food was every bit as good as we hoped.  We started with the Coban Salata, in addition to the wonderful fresh bread.  For our main course, we ordered Iskender Kebab and Adana Kebab.  The portions were ample and there were two meal sizes available, depending upon your appetite.  The meals were presented very nicely and were delicious.  Service was prompt and attentive, and our server (Oscar) was very friendly and justifiably proud of the restaurant and its food.  Overall, I'm glad we tried Turkish Kitchen and would recommend it as quite authentic.  I would say my overall rating is between 3.5 and 4, with the only shortcoming being the lack of more interesting decor.
No surprise this place has an average of five stars, it is great.  All though the menu is small, or perhaps because of this, every thing is great.  My favorite is the Doner Kebap.  It is lightly seasoned letting the rotisserie flavor come through, meat on a spit is a thing of beauty.  They give you the option for bulgar wheat as well as rice, which is nice because it is a healthier option.  The free bread that they give you has a nice flavor as well.  It has a thin crust and is soft of the inside and perfect for scooping up their humus, which is the best humus I have found in the valley so far.  It is super creamy and wonderful.  Their humus and bread could be my favorite part.
Been here multiple times, food is top notch, breads are fresh, and flavor is authentic. Service can be a little slow at times, but that can happen to any small place. Prices are great for the quality. Meats are amazingly juicy and full of flavor. Can't ask for any better food. Come here now if you haven't yet.
Really awesome food! Great service and friendly knowledgable server! Ask for Oskar! Full of passion, he made the meal and evening a pleasure!
I have been a few times with my Turkish roommate.. We love it! Food is heavenly. And to COUNTERACT the review below about waitress Desiree, she is sweet, attentive, social & knowledgable about the food. She & Oscar (other waiter) are half the reason we like this place so much. We are still talking about how great they are 30min after we have left.. Promise you, you'll walk away fat & happy!
I'm definitely glad I visited this place. Thank you Yelp! Our waitress Tuti is the sweetest, most helpful waitress ever. This is my first experience with Turkish food and I must admit, per Tuti's recommendations on food choices, it was absolutely amazing. They definitely bring what may seem like ordinary food to an entire new level. The hummus is creamy and extremely flavorful along with warm toasted pide. We had the dana kebabs and each piece of meat was cooked to such perfection, paired so well with the rice and vegetables that you could literally taste the chef's love for food and cooking. To finish off our dinner on the wonderful note, we had one of each of the baklavas with Turkish tea. This was definitely an experience! Excellent food, excellent service, excellent price. Fantastic job. We will definitely see you soon Tuti!
Yummy!! As everyone else here has appropriately pointed out, try the hummus. It's made with milk so it's really deliciously creamy. It, along with the bread, are made completely by hand.
The food and service was awesome!!! Our waitress was Desiree. Being our first time here, we took her recommendations. Excellent choices. The hummus was smooth, creamy, and flavored just right. Best ever! The bread is homemade and perfect alone or with the hummus. The Dana Sis (grilled lamb cubes, rice, and vegetables) was something I'd recommend. The lamb cubes were generously sized, seasoned and grill perfectly. Moist and packed with flavor...not gamey. Went perfectly with the seasoned rice and shredded veggies. Portion was large enough for two. They have several deserts. We got the baklava. They had several kinds. We got two of the four choices. Definitely made with butter and so good. Not overly sweet. Went perfect with their Turkish tea. Every dish seemed to have a secret ingredient..I know because I asked. The service was timely, friendly, and educational. It  was an excellent first time experience.  Never been to Turkey, but I know I'll love the food and people. Price was reasonable. With the food portions so large and delicious I don't know how all the staff stay so slim.
It brought back memories of Turkey when we ate there.  We took our son and daughter in law to celebrate their anniversary and we all loved it.  We used to love Efes, too, and were sad to see it close.  Loved our kababs, pide, salads, and rice pudding.  I would recommend it to everyone.
Although there are few good Middle Eastern restaurants in Phoenix and I have been trying since 2005 when visiting from California which I normally rate them 3-4.5 stars, until I tried this "Turkish Kitchen" which is hard to beat.  Let me start with the incredible bread came with "Acili Ezme"(.. vibrantly red Turkish chopped vegetable dip creased with rivulets of olive oil and jolted with hot pepper paste..)  And Lamb Kabob was tender and delicious... + Tudi and other servers where checking every few mins, great service over all.  Don't expect to be fancy, restaurant has casual sitting arrangements.  But service, quality of food and taste compensate for everything else...I would definitely try this place during future visit to Phoenix.
Great food. I had the lamb Adana Kebap and my husband had the Ishkender Kebap his was excellent. Service was friendly and we look forward to returning.
Maybe Turkish food just not my cup of tea, we tried and its okay. Pita bread was fresh and hot but the taste did not impress me. The lack of sauce dishes felt little dry and boring to me. Don't get me wrong, you might find their food is delicious. But our first visit probably our last as well.
We have driven by many a times & always wanted to try this place. We were fans of Efes in Tempe and were sooooo sad when they closed... and quietly hoping Turkish Kitchen would be the new spot. My review will tell otherwise. The food was average. The Iskender Kebap was very good in flavor, my husband didn't like the presentation, it didn't bother me & it was yummy. The Mantar (mushroom dish) was not good, it tasted like a pizza topping, more Italian than Turkish. But in fairness they were out of mushrooms & sent someone to get more while we waited. They excused the delay but insured the freshness, and that was fine with us. Unfortunately, the "freshness" took away from the dish. It was supposed to be stewed but it came out lacking any mushroom flavor because the mushrooms were just cut & not cooked very long, so it was tomato-y, oil-y, and herb-y, NOT mushroom-y like I was excited for. I would have rather them say they didn't have it & apologize than lower their standard of delivery. But they were very nice & we appreciated the kindness & caring for our satisfaction. Also, like many places, the iced tea had turned. I am not a big fan of bad iced tea, only because it is so cheap & not that hard to make fresh iced tea, to me there is no excuse. The humus was great & the bread was also great! We are definitely fans of Turkish cuisine & so we will give them another try & are hoping for their future success. I was torn to give this so-so review (my husband said I shouldn't) but that is the beauty of Yelp & I am here to give my honest opinion. With all the other reviews, I'm sure this 31/2 star won't hurt them too much & I will look forward to updating at a later date.
Unfortunately this place has shut down for good and i'm not exactly sure why. Could it be for health code reasons just like EFS was shut down? If anyone knows please chime in.
Location at Arizona and Warner is closed and already changed names. Was a great treat, but we found it only a week before it closed... Bummer.
I love their Iskandeer Kebap! Their humus is really good too! The first time I went there, they had run out of the hummus appetizer, and Oskar recommended the Turkish kitchen special (has eggplant in it). I was a little hesitant since I don't really like eggplant, but I'm so glad he talked us into to it! It was delicious w/their fresh bread.  They closed shortly after my visit- I hope they pop up again in- maybe in a better location?
Great food and service.  Give it a try for something different.  We will be visiting them time and time again
OsKar with a "K" was our server and was super prompt with all of our orders and had a nice personality.  This place is casual and could use a lot more in the decoration department, but the food is what's more important and the food..... was GOOD!!! So fresh, healthy, just plain YUMM... My cousin eats here on the reg and had been trying to get me to try this place for the longest time.  I think I tried everything on the menu!! got some sesame bread and eggplant dipping sauce (it looked gross but tasted good so try it!!).  Tried the lentil soup, some cucumber-red onion-tomato salad (amazing), and a lamb dish with delicious white rice.  It's sad how i actually used to LIVE in Ankara, Turkey and my memory of the dishes left me!! Glad we finally went because places like this are far and few. It's right by a tattoo parlor and old bar but I don't see this all deterring diners.  Also- it has an "A" grade posted in case you are curious.  Go here and enjoy!!
We're regular visitors to Istanbul, so have been exposed to a fair amount of Turkish cuisine, be it home-cooked, in restaurants, or from takeaways. This place ticks a lot of boxes, giving diners a good representation of authentic Turkish dishes.  Overall, we said: "it was a lovely lunch, and a steal at the bargain price of £6.50 for 2 courses and I recommend that you go if you are in the area and hankering for something different and good. I think I'd like to return one evening to see what the rest of the menu is like...or just to grab a lahmacan or 5 to take away."
When I first discovered the Turkish Kitchen a couple of years ago, it didn't look anything particularly special from the outside.   I find this is very common with the places serving the most authentic food.   Recently the frontage has been spruced up, but thankfully the food remains at the same high standard.  As the name suggests, it's a real family affair & you feel like a guest at their house eating home-cooked food, lovingly prepared and representing the best Turkish cuisine has to offer.   It is also priced to suit most people's pockets & I really hope it stays that way.   I can't wait to visit again!
The best hummus I've ever had. Best even better than what I've had in Israel! I also had the Lamb with tomato, onion and mushroom. It was all so tasty! Great portions at  great prices. The owner and chef is so sweet and helpful when ordering. Dine in or take out, it is nice for both.
My friend has been telling me of the amazing food delights available in this tucked away little restaurant for a long time now. On a recent Friday night I found myself a couple of pints in and in need of some good food with little fuss. Wandering along from the west end of rose street and really not in the mood for pub grub I remembered about the tall tales of amazing food and inexpensive prices, so I dragged the missus in for some meze.   The decor is simple and straight forward and the restaurant clean and presentable. I am guessing the man that greeted us with a smile was the owner, as he seemed to take great pride in telling us about the food. He made us feel welcome and was happy to adjust the meze platter to be veggie. Good start all in. On taking in the surroundings a little more I realised the other tables all seemed to be turkish people enjoying food and mint tea. This is always a good sign for me.  Our food arrived and wow a giant plate of what was definately home made salads, hummous, pickles and meze. The Sarma and Zulma in particular were excellent. All this was served with home made pita breads. Big thumbs up all round.  When we went to pay I thought the meze platter was £8 a head it turns out this was for us both, so including drinks we had a great meal for £10!! Bearing in mind this was a friday night and easily for bad pub food you are looking at a tenner a head or more. The bench mark is now set for me in terms of turkish food and I will be back next time I find myself in this end of town.
Turkish Kitchen was a thoroughly decent, inexpensive meal for a group of us who hadn't booked a table in the city centre on a Friday night.  On sitting we were brought some bread and the most amazingly tasty dip ever.  I need to know what's in that dip because it was the highlight of the meal.    Not very hungry, I opted for the Turkish ravioli which, despite not being listed on the menu, came with a side of salad and rice.  The sides were a bit awkward and somewhat wasteful, but were certainly tasty.   The ravioli left a lot to be desired, primarily because it was so overcooked it came apart the minute it I tried to eat it.  The taste was fine though nothing compared with my other experience with Turkish ravioli, which was such a shame because I was expecting something really fantastic.    I probably should have ordered something kebab-ey like everyone else, but I just wasn't in the mood for a meat feast.  Everyone else seemed happy with their meals, though.    One weird thing was that when we ordered beer we got glasses which appeared all different sizes and smaller than what you would expect of either a pint or a large bottle.   It was a really good option for a group looking for something cheap and cheerful but is, in my opinion, not Edinburgh's best Turkish by a long mile.
New, and still slightly struggling with its identity, Cafe Nemrut offers some nice, simply prepared Turkish dishes (which we sampled), sitting alongside more standard British all-day breakfast fare. I'm not sure this is a completely sustainable approach, as surely one or the other is going to become the focus of customer interest. We shall see how the place develops.  Overall, we said: "So Nemrut served us pretty nicely. At this stage, I'm not sure whether their custom is favouring the Turkish or British side of the menu, so it will be interesting to see how the emphasis of their menu develops. They have plans to run an evening menu focussing on Turkish seafood, so I'm certainly looking forward to that. For sure, it whet the appetite for my visit to Istanbul, next month."
One of the places I like to visit for breakfast or coffee with my friends. Today I got an interesting combination of scrambled eggs, Turkish salami (I hope it was), cheese, black and green olives on cucumber and tomato, white soft cheese, grilled baguette and Turkish tea. I agree that this place is lacking of identity however staff extremely friendly and overall experience very good. I will definitely be back for a quiet breakfast or lunch.
Had a quick dinner here a couple of weeks ago. Upon arrival I was the only customer and the place was still practically empty when I left but that I expect is down to a combination of it having only opened very recently and to the road outside being dug up. Certainly the service I received was good and the homemade lentil soup and the falafel salad which followed were both tasty, filling and good value for money. This is I think the only place of its sort that is open pretty late in the area and deserves to do well.
We were in the area of Lauriston a couple of months ago and when we saw advertised the "Lahmacun" (or Turkish Pizza, - meat with dough) we had to try this as we were a) very peckish b) keen om Turkish Food c) our last visit here was at the opening of the cafe and we always said to return. So to make good on that promise we choose a table. The place is big. It wasn't busy so plenty of space.  The waitress was lovely and made some recommendations for us to order with the Lahmacun. Which was very filling but not as spicy as I was made to believe. I thin this is because Scottish/British people do not tend to eat spicy and they try to cater for that. Shame cause it was very very tasty!  I understood that they were trying the dish out for inclusion into the menu - and offered it as a special. They even explained how it was made. I think they should put in the menu as it is a great dish and especially around the art college with all the students they would do a good trade!   We had a nice meal and when in the are we will certainly put this on our possible places to eat / snack.
I love Turkish food and when done well is one of my favorite cuisines.  I have been to Istanbul and tried several restaurants and was blown away by their amazing food and ability to utilise every particle of selected meet and veg, so lets see if Truva is up for the challenge.  The breakfast I had here today was very tasty but when it comes to representation and the first saliva creating effect of impression it didn't hit high score. I have worked as a chef de partie years ago and easily spot when something has been microwaved and sadly those dry crunchy micro beams was all over the edges of the turkish sausage. Other then that it was really good food and looking at the kitchen they are equipped for greater cooking, so maybe the musakka will be a surprise? Will try one day.  Decor is beautiful with red walls and beautiful oriental lamps creating a relaxing atmosphere. I can imagine a great buzz here in evenings with turkish music and dance and hopefully this will happen soon :)  One point I'd have to mention is that I had a cotton mop string right next to my table, not too appetizing, other then this it looks clean, but I think they would have more customer if they had an eye for details like mop strings and didnt use microwaves for food, only a bad organised menu needs microwaves in my opinion.
Set off on a sunny Monday evening with an itison voucher in hand to give this place a whirl and we werent disappointed. On a arrival we were greeted by a very friendly waitress and the place itself was bright and modern. The menu for the voucher was similair to the main menu only excluding the mini mains, so I cannot comment on those.   We opted for:  Cold meze  humus, Shaksuka, Dolma, olives  Hot Meze  Calamari, Sucuk, Spinach Borek  Nerellom Ascalese Arpeggio Sicilian wine  Everything was really nice and the wine was reasonably priced. The stand out dishes that made us discuss a repeat visit were the calamari, humus, Shaksuka and Sucuk. Even the pita breads were really good. Wish I had taken some photos as everything was reallly nicely presented.   Could not fault a dish from the hummous to the pitta breads, which normlly for me in meze/tapas etc theres something that is a bit weird or seems have come from a tin. Never a fan of eating anywhere around George Street as I seem to have had a lot of medicore and occassionally expensive meals, but this place is great.
I went looking for Nargile and found Yeni in its place. But, after speaking with the waitress, it turns out Yeni is owned by the same people who owned Nargile. They have simply rebranded, and reopened under a different name, to highlight a similar but updated menu. The main change being that they now individually mark all mezze dishes as Gluten Free, Dairy Free, or Vegan. Having several friends who fit every description, this is a good update to see.  Compared to other Turkish restaurants I've been to, it may not have the dark wooded, colourful, candelit interior and atmosphere. It's very New Town and George Street -sleek, pollished, minimalist, perhaps I'd go so far to say it's lacking in personality?  But that's just the decoration. The staff were very friendly and chatty (hence how I discovered it is owned by Nargile).   The food was also really quite delicious. I don't know how it compares to traditional Turkish mezze, but I really enjoyed mine. The lunch deal of 3 mezze for £9.90 that runs every day Mon - Sat (except Sunday, when they're not open) was really fantastic. I took home a doggy bag for dinner, the portions were so big.  The calamari was deliciously soft. The pan-fried aubergine, whilst cold (a surprise) was delicious and the feta & spinach filo rolls were perhaps a little heavy on the pastry but still nice. The lamb kebab my dining partner ordered also looked very nom-tastic.  I don't think I'd go out of my way to come back to Yeni, as I love atmosphere and it just feels a little minimalist. But if I were in town I'd definitely make use of the lunch deal again, and would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a delicious, good value meal.  Mo' mezze!
We booked a table on a voucher for 2 people and they were happy to use the voucher for 4 people. The deal was for 12 'tasting sizes' containing of 6 cold and 6 warm Meze.  In addition we ordered extra fried calamari, tzaziki and an artichoke with dry roasted tomatoes.  It was all a bit of a mixed bag as each one of us preferred different dishes.  My personal favourite was the calamari, which was nicely crispy outside and soft on the inside (and not chewy like you get in some other places).   The ambiance is a bit bare, but the music created a great compensation for that. We noticed that we were humming along while enjoying the dishes in front. There is a good level of noise as we didn't have to over shout the music either.   Service was very friendly, but a little chaotic. It took us 3 requests to actually get the bill to our table. They closed the kitchen at 9pm so we decided to have coffee and dessert elsewhere.  That was actually fine with me as I didn't fancy any of the dessert on the menu.   So in all it was a good experience and there were some definite highlights, but it lacked that cohesion and finesse to make it stand out.
Meze Me Full and Call Me Ikram  This place is great, really, really good Turkish food, at a great price with top notch service. We got booked in over the weekend of the Calcutta Cup, a table for 4 is hard to come by on those weekends- and my mum managed to book it on the day!  A few drinks beforehand in one of the many awesome bars on Hannover Street, and empty tummies were in need of satisfaction. Friendly welcome, don't be put off by the guy at the door handing our Hummus Canapés, it's not a sign of desperation as the place was half full and there were a lot of regulars.   The menu is huge, so we were quite relieved when the lady came over and said that they do 'set menu' for £20 a head and bring over a selection of stuff - which is taking the pain out of group eating in a Meze restaurant - ok we will take 4 of those, and 2 bottles of red wine thanks.   The cold stuff came super quick, plenty of warm pitta bread to mop up copious amounts of hummus, sliced sausage, aubergine and tomato and other dishes which I can't remember. Hot stuff started coming before we were done there, with calamari, chicken, feta and spinach pastries and hot vegetable dishes also. I know what most of these are called in Greek, but not in Turkish, sorry  The finale was the main course, and we got a platter of succulent chicken kebabs, as well as a huge pitta stuffed with freshly cooked lamb - that really was 10 out of 10.  Ok, so why isn't this 5 star, because it wasn't the most amazing Mediterranean food I have ever it had, its strong 4 star, with definite 5 star elements. My dad started speaking nonsense to the manager who gave him a voucher for a comp bottle of wine next time we are in - thanks Dad, seeing as you live in Aberdeen, I'll be taking that.  Boom!
Went in on a last-minute night free for dinner as the rest of Hanover St was busting full and ordered 7 items between 2 of us and some wine. Generally quite a deflating experience...  The chicken wings were really tasty, had proper good flavour and crunchy outside but they were no bigger than my thumb and mostly legs, not wings. Small but good. A ribeye salad was good and tasty with fresh herbs, the only dish containing fresh herbs actually. The hummus with lamb was void of flavour and we had to add a tonne of salt and lemon juice to make it decent. We also had prawns which were, again, tiny. I always get so disappointed with these wee tiny prawns - if you're emulating a holiday in Greece or Turkey type meal then you should use better produce than that...Anyway, the buttery, lemony, garlicky sauce they were swimming in came in handy for adding flavour to the other dishes that were bland. The thin- sliced chicken on top of soggy pitta with tomato sauce was very passata-from-a-carton tasting. The prawn butter improved it. Pitta garlic bread with cheese was lovely hot but after 5 minutes become inedible. And the fatoush was terrible, worst I've ever had.  Service was ok, not slow or anything but lacked a sparkle of some kind. We had the cheapest bottle of wine on the menu and the bill for 2 came to £70, which is really quite steep for very plain nibbly food in a stark, uninteresting environment and we were only there an hour! I guess you takes your chances in city centre on a busy Saturday night....  All in all, nothing special going on here. Won't be back or recommending.
Showcasing an impressive open charcoal barbecue, Rodi has transformed what was previously a rather small corner chippy into an excellent new Turkish restaurant, with room for around 30 diners.  I've eaten a fair amount of Turkish food, over the years, particularly on my regular jaunts to Istanbul. The food on offer here compared very favourably, with their meat extremely tender, and the main course portion absolutely vast. As an illustration, I had no need of breakfast the next day after dining here, as I was still full.   Overall, we said: "Rodi is a really welcome new addition to the dining circuit. Once they've grown in to their new premises a little more, I'm confident they will become a firm favourite with Edinburgh diners, as their food is delicious. I look forward to my next visit, and would strongly recommend that you pay it a visit."
Rodi to me feels like what I would expect to find if I was given a really good Turkish home cooked meal.  There certainly no pretence to the food here its good honest and very tasty.  For my starter I went for the Sucuk - a heavily spiced beef sausage that was served with salad. One thing you notice in this place is the intoxicating wafts coming from the grill - having been hungry on arrival by the time my starter arrived I was pretty much drooling. The sausage was delicious, served on a small salad and with some bread on the table it didn't need anything else. This was a sausage celebration. Huzzah to the humble banger!  For my main I opted for the lamb spare ribs, served with rice and pida ( a really nice flatbread) as well as the various salads they brought to the table. Of the salads I really liked the charred onions with pomegranate - as Blythe.R said they are intense....I like intense.  The ribs were meaty, flavoursome and plentiful....basically my ideal kind of plate. A few extra napkins would have been handy but I demolished the ribs in records time with a big smile on my face. Always a good sign.  All in all this is a surprising gem of a place! Rodi comes highly JD Recommended!
My bedroom when I was a young teen was blue and orange - walls, ceiling and carpet all deep royal blue; all furniture, skirting boards and door and window frames were the brightest bright orange. So in a way, walking into the orangey warmth of Rodi and enjoying its shots of deep blue felt a little bit like coming home.  The effect was enhanced by the friendly welcome of the staff, and of course of the lovely Yelpers gathered around the table. It felt like a family dinner in somebody's vibrant, exotic home.  Ahhh and what a dinner. The sucuk starter was blissful - chunks of spicy sausage on fresh crispy lettuce - I could eat that any day of the week and be completely happy. My main, a beautiful chicken affair, was tender, succulent, flavoursome and seriously bountiful. My mighty appetite faltered and failed me in the face of such plenty... But not so much as to eschew the offer of rice pudding for dessert.  You all know about compartments, right? How the stomach totally has a savoury compartment and a pudding compartment? Well that's what was going on here. I was completely full in my main compartment but plenty of room for a bit of pudding.  The rice pudding surprised me as it was cold - but I liked it a lot; rich and creamy, it was a lovely new way for me to try it. The top was burnt - I think it was meant to be that way and I could see how it was supposed to work, to give a sharper kick to the sweet pudding, but it didn't quite go, for me. I ended up scooping out from underneath.  Aside from the front door, which had a tendency to stick open and let in the cold when someone entered or exited and meant that the staff frequently had to scoot over and close it (something they were always very prompt in doing) the restaurant is a lovely place. I imagine its location opposite the EICC will mean it's rarely short of business, especially in August. And if that means that Rodi continues for a long time to come, that can only be a good thing, because I definitely want to come back. Lots of times.
the monthly yelp dinner to try out new and exciting restaurants is always good fun, especially this months visit to Rodi.  this restaurant is a far venture from my usual side of town so probably some place i would have never visited had it not been for Blythe R's suggestion.  after a rather lengthy bus ride to the side of town followed by a very chilly walk past the EICC i spotted a glowing beacon of turkish food that was filled with fellow yelpers, warm bright colours, and the delicious smelling of grilled meats!  there were a good number of us and as in my usual style i was last to arrive.  however, i didn't need long to contemplate the menu and was quite happy to order when the waitress returned with my turkish tea.  i went for a starter of hummous followed by a grilled chicken dish.  i'm not sure how discrimatory i can be toward hummous as i love it and have yet to find any that hasn't been to my taste.  i was given a suitable portion size served along a basket of warm flat bread for dipping.  my rumbling tummy was suitably pleased and i started looking forward to the main course.  dishes took a bit to arrive as it appears everything is cooked fresh after you order.  there is a massive charcoal fire behind the register which is both warm and cosy for a cold night but also the palce where they grill all their meat.  which dishes did start to arrive we were given a number of side salads and dips and finally plentiful dishes of grilled meats with rice!  my grilled chicken sat atop a smoked aubergine dip and was accompanied by a side of rice and grilled flat bread.  the portion was HUGE.  seriously HUGE.  even after a hard run i was barely able to eat half before i was totally defeated.  but portion size aside, the chicken and aubergine and rice was super super tasty and i was sad to think i couldn't eat every bite!  the chicken was tender and juicy, the aubergine dip had a really lovely creamy smokey taste that mixed so well with both the chicken and the rice.  the salad dishes on the side were a nice veggie accompainment but i struggled to have more than a few forkfuls of these.  so overall i really really enjoyed Rodi.  the food was excellent and in the future i'd likely get a main dish to share with someone!  the staff are super friendly and the only negative point i can see is its rather far distance from where i live or tend to go out.  however, i would this a great place to get some dinner before the many festival shows at the EICC.
Wonderful service very delicious and healthy. . Very much recommend. . Food is amazin. Can't wait for the entertainment bon Saturday
I had the seafood kabob. It was very tasty salmon and shrimp. I also particularly liked the rice which had some little pasta throughout it. Good quality food - I recommend it.
These guys are really close to a 5 star.  There were a couple of personal preference things for me, but overall it was really good.  The chicken was very tender and juicy, the lamb was cooked very nicely, the steak was a little over done and I'm not sure about the flavor/marinade, but that might just be a preference thing.  The staff is pretty friendly and since this was the first day they were actually open, which means any reviews prior to mine weren't from the regular public!  If you read any of my other reviews I think you'll know I am pretty fair.  Funny thing is, I was actually heading to Frijoles to give them another chance when I saw this place open, and since I love kebabs/kebobs, I couldn't resist.  I like the mediterranean salad, but I would love it if it were a little more simple.  I'd go a little easier on the peppers and the onions and are all of the herbs really necessary?  Plus they were a little heavy handed with them.  Again, simplify it, maybe a little more acid and you've got a hit.    Will definitely be back and I think these guys have the makings to be successful.  This place was Opa (disappointing) and then Plaka (never tried), but they are not affiliated with either and they've done a lot of work to clean up the place.  I would do more to shade those west facing windows and get yourself a door chime so people can hear you are there.  Like always with small business I'm rooting for their success.  FYI, call Discount Air, they are a very good, fair, and reliable a/c company.
