Spartan Animal Hospital is a fantastic place. I am a seriously poor college grad and I took my new cat (from the shelter) to Spartan for her rabies and FVRCP booster shots today. I was really impressed with the staff and the facility. The people were extremely friendly and were patient and willing to answer all of my questions. They gave me a folder full of good information and the home phone number of Dr. C, the owner, in case of non-office hour emergencies. That's dedication.    The best part about Spartan is that they don't charge the regular office fee if you're just coming in for vaccinations! It's a rare thing to be pleasantly surprised at a cash register, isn't it?    I highly recommend Spartan to you!
I've been really happy with All Pets.  They have nice, convenient hours and the staff has always been great.  Being open until 6 p.m. on weekdays is really helpful; the extra hour makes a big difference.  My two cats regularly see  Dr. Haroldson and both have seen Dr. Erickson for injuries/infections.     I've had no trouble making appointments for regular check ups and vaccinations.  When either cat has had unexpected problems (eye infection, infected cut, etc.) they've been able to get me in within a day, although I was not picky about what vet I saw.  Both Drs. Haroldson and Erickson have patiently and carefully talked me through what I needed to do for home-care and answered all of my questions.  I've never felt rushed or talked down to.
I've been taking the kids (cats) here for quite a few years after all of my friends raved about Sandhill. Dr. Nothnagel and everyone who works here are friendly, kind, and knowledgeable. My oldest cat Nihil received such great care before he went off to college - I just can't say enough about how wonderful everyone is here.
Everyone here is very nice. You can really tell they all absolutely love animals. I called and they got my cat in the next day. They couldn't get a urine sample, so they gave me another appointment the next day for no charge. The facility is clean and up to date. I'm coming here from now on!
Wonderful, wonderful animal hospital. The whole staff from start to finish was phenomenal. The vet assistant Kelly was very sweet and gentle with my cat and also very personable, as was the veterinarian Wendy. They treated both me and my pet with utmost care and concern. The facility was spacious and clean and there was ample parking. Everyone here seems to genuinely care about their work and the animals they work with. I would highly recommend this animal hospital!
Everyone I've worked with at EMAH builds relationships with me and with my cats. My cats' wellbeing and my satisfaction are clearly their goals. Even my scaredy cat Carbon relaxes after a bit of handling and reassurance from his doctor and technicians.  I can't recommend this place highly enough!
I like this place a vet location but only been here ones. I brought 2 puppies in and was in the back for a couple hours. They treat the animals well and the back is clean.  The techs and vet work very well together.    Dr. Ferrera was knowledgeable about the basic producer and was correct with what I over head him tell a few patients basic info.      If I was in AZ again and need a vet, I would go back to Dr. Ferrera.
We've been taking our three cats to the Animal Care Hospital for a year now. The staff is wonderful and truly loves animals. Dr. Temple is especially great, and although the hospital offers many tests and expensive maintenance procedures, she understands financial constraints, and is kind enough not to guilt you about passing on the $500 echo-cardiogram. She has little tricks to distract the cats while they are getting their shots and offers a number of over-the-counter and inexpensive solutions to try for minor ailments or bad feline habits. They have an on-line "pet portal" service so you can keep track of your pets' records and when boosters are due. The office is always clean, and they have at least 3 doctors, so you can usually get an appointment pretty quickly as well as bring in pets for emergencies.
This is an amazing place to take your pets! We took our cat there and the care and dedication they gave to her was wonderful. They have up to date technology and they make sure to go above and beyond to make sure your pet gets exactly what they need.
Phenomenal. I recently adopted my first pet, a stray female cat, and took her here to get a check up and to be fixed. Everyone I interacted with was wonderful, especially (I believe her name is Vanessa?)  Dr. Temple, and the male vet tech from my first appointment.    I never felt pressured to do anything, and was given "lower cost" and "higher cost" options, on paper anytime they were available.     During my first appointment, Dr Temple explained each recommended vaccine, and I was given time to review my options and decide.     My Thunder Kitty was in need of her spaying quickly, and I got a call early in the week that they could get me in 5 days early! They kept in very good touch with me the day she was fixed, and  even called the day after to see how she was doing.     It is obvious how much everyone here loves animals--you can feel it-and it feels good.     I, for obvious reasons, hope to not be here too regularly, but if I am I trust she will be in great hands... I will 150% be back the next time it is needed.     Thank you all for making my first vet experience such a memorable one.
Hands down the most amazing vet one could ask for. Every time I bring my bunny in they always ask to come pet her, and finish her appointment on time or ahead of schedule.     When I brought River in to have her fixed, they called the next day to follow-up and check on her, and then returned my calls promptly or put me through to a vet immediately to answer some medication questions that I had.     I am so impressed with their care, as well as their follow-up. I would highly recommend them.
Ingleside's new location is a clean, beautiful space with an abundance of natural light and high-tech goodies. Each patient room is equipped with a computer terminal and moveable monitor so the vet techs and doctors can go over the digital x-rays and billing information with you. The entire staff is extremely warm and it is apparent they love what they do. During the multiple visits surrounding my cat's recent surgery, my pets were handled with great care and affection.    Due to the nature of my cat's illness, exploratory surgery was necessary to remove a blockage in his intestines. All costs and options were reviewed with me up-front and the staff handled my first-time cat owner questioning with ease. I never felt rushed and at no time was the experience stressful for my cat or me. The recommended treatment options were not bloated with unnecessary costs and measures were taken to ensure cost-effectiveness. When I asked for a copy of my cat's x-rays to share with my cat-savvy brother-in-law, the tech cheerfully provided a CD of his x-rays for me to take home. Also, the doctors and techs made several follow-up calls to me during my cat's recovery and I appreciate that level of personal communication.     The only complaint I have is the building is set back quite a ways from the street (Thomas) and their sign is not very prominent, making it easy to pass. On the other hand, if this is a strategic means of keeping animals far away from a main street, I'm all for it.    Overall, this is the best vet I have ever been to and I would give them 10 stars if I could!
I've held off writing this review for a few months because I am so torn. I love this vet's location, handling staff and the groomer was decent too. But Josie HATES them, so I can't go back there in good conscience.  That doesn't mean you won't love Ingleside.    I had two doctor's appointments at Ingleside, Both times I saw Dr. Rachel Bart. I brought Josie in two other times for Soft Paws application, as Ingleside is one of the only places in the valley that will do it (as long as you provide the Soft Paws)    At the end of the day, who likes getting a thermometer stuck up their rear? Anyone? I'm not sure why veterinarians offices won't just invest the $40 in one or two ear thermometers for those finicky pets who don't love anal probes. A butt thermometer was what started Josie off on the wrong foot, made her defensive and aggressive.     I agree that the clinic is beautiful and spacious, and never smells bad, and moving to the exam room was usually a quick process. My single biggest complaint is that once Josie got defensive, the vet and a tech would wrap her in a towel and take her into the back, leaving me in the exam room. Not once did they perform their exam in front of me. Why even have an exam room?     The last time I was in there, they brought her back into the exam room and Dr. Bart told me they could not do the exam because she was so riled up. She went on to say that the last time I brought her in for Soft Paws, 4 techs had to hold her down to get the claw covers on. 4 people on 1 7lb cat. Let's imagine for a moment you are in a town you aren't familiar with and four 300lb cage fighters come up to you and pin down your arms and legs. Would you not fight for your life? Behavior like that from professionals just doesn't make sense.    Then Dr. Bart lost my respect entirely by telling me that Josie was a mean cat and would only get worse, and I should get her declawed.  I asked if maybe she was more defensive because she was found outside and possibly came from a feral genetic history. The response was "No. Some cats are just like that. That is her personality." Which is dismissive because clearly my cat is not like that with me. She waits at the door for me every day so I can pick her up and cuddle her when I get home, she loves to fetch and play endlessly.     Obviously the incendiary factor here was bad behavior on the part of the animal hospital and I can very easily remedy that by never returning. And to follow up, I bought nail trimmers and have since clipped Josie's nails and applied Soft Paws myself, a number of times. She whines but lets me do it without a problem.     Here's my objective advice: Ingleside is a great place for most pets, not all of them. It is most certainly worth your time and money to take your pet here for both medical and grooming services. Just know your pet, watch your pet, and don't believe everything these, or any other vets say about your pet.
We've been fans of Dr. Gilchrist and the staff at Ingleside for four years, and we've been very happy with their work. We just wish they were closer to us in Chandler.     To begin, Dr. Gilchrist is very calm and helpful. He gives our cats thorough exams and doesn't make us feel rushed. He also doesn't try to push products the office sells. (There are multiple vets at this facility, but we prefer Dr. Gilchrist.)    The staff is very friendly. They even let our little tuxedo kitty climb over their desks and around their keyboards. They also handle our big orange tabby well despite how scared he usually is.    The building is modern and spacious, but the prices increased a little bit after they relocated to the new building.  The exam rooms are clean and neat.     If you prefer Saturday appointments, make sure to call as early as possible because Saturday slots go fast.
No complaints.  After observing a sudden change in my cat's behavior and weight, I decided that I wanted someone to see her right away.  Ingleside was the third area vet I called (based on yelp reviews) and the only one that was able to get her in today.  The front desk service was super friendly and accommodating and the building is clean, bright and airy, unlike every other vet's office I've been to, ever.  There was plenty of room to avoid the other animals.    The Dr. (Bart? that's probably relevant but I don't remember) was attentive, gentle with my flipped-out cat, and presented all of my options (and the prices) for the available tests to figure out what was wrong.  The pricing was what I expected: a little over $200 for the visit and blood tests.      Overall, it was very smooth and quick and I would definitely bring my animals back here.
I used to go to Ingleside animal hospital for all my pets needs. I had a very sick kitty that they could not figure out what was wrong. The only option was exploratory surgery for an amount that was way out of my budget. I also didn't think my kitty would survive the surgery. They attempted to find every $!00 treatment they could over the course of several years. Never did figure out what ailed him. They got the money in the long run. Once my kitty needed some more antibiotics for an abscess that Dr. Serbin had already seen and prescribed for. The abscess came back. I had recently lost my car and my job and asked if they could just call a script in to a local pharmacy as i didn't have the $ for a cab ride or the visit. It had been 4 months since his last office visit and like i said they had seen this poor kitty dozens of times on deaths door over years. He told me it wasn't ethical to prescribe the meds that i needed to come in. I was irrate. I had just been in there for another cat 2 months prior and had a standing antibiotic script for him so I asked if they could call in the script for the other animal they had just seen. He told me that he wouldnt because he knew I would give it to the other animal.  I ended up having to get my hands on some from someone else. otherwise my poor cat would have went without. I wrote a letter to them of how upset i was and got no reply.     A few years later after trying many other vets and the sick kitty had passed away the other kitty I had needed a dental cleaning. I had saved adamantly to acquire the funds to get it done over 2 years. (its very expensive. In light of my experiences there I trusted their competency with doing the dental surgery so I returned back money in hand over $400. My anger from previous grievances were furthest from my mind had just about forgotten and just wanted my cats teeth cleaned. On the day of the appt because of my cats age they did pre blood work for the surgery and it came back he was diabetic. I couldn't believe it i had another cat that was diabetic and this one didn't show any of the signs i was shocked so they ran some more tests and loaded me up with insulin and never cleaned his teeth. My bill was just about all of the $400 i had desperately saved. Every time i gave the cat insulin his sugar would crash. I ended up going to a different vet (BLUE CROSS animal hospital) who eventually did the surgery and said that his mouth was causing his diabetes and he just needed it done. I suspect  Ingleside purposely ran my bill up and didn't treat my animal because of past disputes. I have no proof but I will never pass on a chance to warn other cat owners to avoid them I will never return there and am so much happier with BCAC. I live in tempe now but will gladly drive to BCAC.
I went to Ingleside on a friend's recommendation after not being able to get good care or a thorough exam at another Arcadia area vet.    While the end result of my visit was making the excruciatingly difficult decision to humanely euthanize my cat, I could not be more pleased with the care he received there as well as their compassion towards both of us.    Dr. Ronaldo(or Rolando-I can't remember which) was beyond amazing. She was able to quickly diagnose my cat, ran him through x rays with no problem(when the other vet I went to wanted to sedate him for x rays which likely would have complicated his illness and maybe even resulted in death) and was completely compassionate and patient with me. I ended up spending half a day at the office on a holiday and was the last person to leave. I think they left the office open just for me judging by the lack of cars in the parking lot and no patients in the lobby.    Could not recommend this vet more. They made a horrible process as "easy" as possible.
After my cat was severely injured I rushed to this hospital for immediate care. The entire staff was not only professional and nice but they really care about your pet.     The Dr thoroughly went over every single detail and was straight forward about everything. He followed up me with several times checking on my pet and going over the procedures he had done and what to expect and look for in the future. I couldn't have asked for better care and true concern for my baby.    Thank you Ingleside!
I love it here, and even though I'm moving across town soon, I will always continue to bring my pet cat here.  The vet is wonderful.  He's very honest and you can tell that he really loves animals.  The woman who runs the front desk is very polite and always on top of things.  They were also considerate of my financial situation and didn't try to sell me vaccines that my cat didn't need.  They were very up front about pricing.  I love it here and I'm so glad I found this place.  I trust my kitty in their hands :)
Okay,so all my life I've wanted a little black cat.No little black cat had adopted me....Up until last week.  So,I bring home said little black cat and he develops eye mung.You know,the mung that is full of icch and needs some anti mung tx.  I get a call from this clinic offering me a free post adoption follow up visit.  When I adopted the little black cat,I was told this would be available to me.So,I make an appointment...A SAME DAY appointment.  I go.  Staff really nice,warm,welcoming,down to earth and friendly.  Now do I know nothing is "free"?  Sure I do.  I know while they may waive the office visit,I'm going to pay for whatever tx the little black cat needs.  I know the last time I dealt with cat eye mung,the anti mung goop was about 12 clams.  Well,this anti mung free trip cost me 75 simoleans...  BUT....  It was well worth it in my opinion.  Same day appointment.Check.  Friendly staff.Check.  Clean enviroment.Check.  Dr.very patient and genuine.Check.  Aggressive tx that completely knocked out the cat eye mung in 24 hours.CHECK.  So,no goop.  Injection of anti mung.  Anti mung eye drops.  Liquid suspension anti mung oral meds.  75 bucks.  No pink eye going around the house?  Priceless.  Oh and PS on their website,they offer a free visit to all new patients if they mention they saw that on their website.  As long as you go with the understanding that nothing is free,you're ahead of the game.  Yeah,I'd go back.
When I adopted my furry bundle of joy last year, I had pretty much everything I needed to be a good parent... except a good vet.    When I adopted Owen from the Maricopa County Animal Control Shelter, I was given a sample of food, some coupons, a disposable cardboard carrying case and a list of vets who participated in their program, in which your new family member could get a free check up.     Once we got home, I eenie-meenie-miney-moed my way through the list of "free first office visit" vets, and made an appointment. A couple days later, Owen and I were at a vet appointment that made me feel like I had taken my car in for an oil change, and the vet was trying to sell me all kinds of new parts. Thus began my quest for friendly referrals, which led me to Dr. Bracken.     I am a vibe person. I can read people immediately, and I am usually pretty right on. I took to Dr. Bracken immediately, as did Owen. Dr Bracken might be the cat whisperer, and from what I understand, he's just as great with other animals. He bonded with Owen, and even though you might have to wait a couple minutes to be seen,  you can rest assured knowing that Dr. Bracken will give your animal (or in some people's case, "child") the same undivided attention.     Call me the crazy cat lady, but when I take my cat to the vet, I feel like I am taking my child to the pediatrician, and with Dr. Bracken, you can tell that he understands that he is not just dealing with people's pets (or their car), but their family.
Those who have cats and love them as much as I do, know that it can be difficult to find a veterinarian who is good with them. The reviews written by Teri B. and Sarah K. helped me to make up my mind and give this clinic a try since I was looking for the vet who was on the holistic side and really good with cats. And so far I haven't been disappointed. Dr. Bracken is very knowledgeable and progressive, and just like other reviews say - very kind, attentive to your pet, generous with his time and doesn't try to run the bill or prescribe/do any unnecessary procedures. The day before we went there I read somewhere online that a good veterinarian, before going straight to the exam, will try to interact with your pet, and that's exactly what Dr. Bracken did, even before he introduced himself to us! I have a Bengal and Dr. Bracken already knew what to expect of him, it was obvious he was familiar with the breed. But what is more important, my cat, who usually goes crazy at the vet's office, headbutted him marking him as his friend. He also asked me to tell him about my cat which had never happened before at other veterinarians' offices.   When I told him my cat was on a BARF diet (Biologically Appropriate Raw Food) he didn't roll his eyes and didn't try to convince me that it was dangerous or inappropriate as I've read most veterinarians do. Actually, after talking a little more to him about it, I found out that he had done some reading on this topic and sees positive results. He even accepted "An open letter to veterinary professionals" that I had printed out for him, which appeals to veterinarians to stop endorsing dry kibble and supporting pet food companies that have only one goal - profit and not our pets' health, and instead to learn more about ALL diets so they could help us to make better choices for our pets when it comes to their nutrition. He didn't try to push any vaccines (we were there for an annual exam) either.  To sum it up, the exam was not as stressful for my cat (which means for me as well) as usual, my cat likes his new doctor and I trust him. The only negative - you may have to schedule the appointment way ahead of time, especially if the only day you can go is Saturday. We had to wait about 2 or 3 weeks, but I say it's worth it.
Simply amazing I would never trust any other vet then Dr Bracken, I have 2 current cats that go to doctor Bracken Eve who is 8 months old and my recent kitte addition my little boy Dante who is only 12 weeks, Dante is currently sick with a URI and I have gone to 2 emergency animal clinics and Dr Bracken, after calling Dr Bracken again with my concerns he finally stated to not go back to an emergency animal clinic and if I have any questions or concerns they will make sure to take full responsibility of Dante, I have full trust in Dr Bracken that he will take care of Dante and make him better, he is the best that I've ever been to, I wish I could take him everywhere I go due to my husband being in the military... Dr Bracken you have one of the best hearts, your an amazing man and I'm so happy you're in my family's life!
Great place to maintain your pet's olympic form. Vets and techs are super-sweet, thorough, and will answer all of your questions. When I take our kitten there, I tell her she's going to the spa. When she comes back, I think she believed it!
For my first review this is going to be brief.     Extremely brief.     Wonderful veterinary clinic. Exceptionally helpful and kind staff. Clean facility. Can't say much more except......BRAVO!!! Well done!!! Excellent job!!!    And one more....BRAVO!!!    Now I'm off to look after my cat who still isn't out of the woods but is 100 times better than she was.
I'm a huge fan of BCVC. Not only is the location extremely convenient for me but the facility is well maintained and very inviting. Dr. Ryan is one of the sweetest and most caring Veterinarians I have every met. She takes the time to listen to what you have to say and when it comes to treatment for illness or ailments she actually gives you options as apposed to giving you a list of treatments, pill, x-rays etc., that your pet "must have". Pets can be very expensive so it's nice to know that there are Vet's out there that will give you honest and realistic treatment options.     Even though I am moving all the way across town, I will still come to see Dr. Ryan at BCVC...She's awesome!
So disappointed. All the reviews here are great, and this is so close to my home that I was excited to bring my kitten in to set up a health relationship with these veterinarians. But in the past two weeks my cat has had two different non-emergency but still urgent care situations come up and BCVC totally dropped the ball.  Please note that the 2 star score is because the doctors themselves are pretty nice. If you can get to them.     Last week it was diarrhea, which could mean a myriad of larger problems. I called after business hours and left a message for the on call vet, Dr. Dutton on the 'non-emergency' line. I just wanted to find out if there were symptoms to be looking for. The Dr. never returned my call. The next morning and a totally unconcerned receptionist told me there were no same day appointments, 1 appointment the next day in mid-afternoon (when I'm at work) and a few the 2nd day in the morning.  The 2nd day appt was made and I went in to see Dr. Brandt who was fairly prompt and examed Josie, gave her a 72 hour vitamin med to help her bowels and sent us off.     Last night I got home to a cat with one eye almost completely shut and weeping, with green mucus, a very red third eyelid. Scary. I knew I had to wait until 7AM to call, because BCVC doesn't take messages, and clearly the on call vets don't give a shit, so I got up this morning and just brought her in at 7, hoping they could spare a minute to look at my cat's freaky eye problem. There was no one else in the waiting room (of course) when I arrived, yet the receptionist told me there were no appointments available until 4PM (again when I'm working) and had no interest in letting me see someone now. I asked if they had affiliate clinic recommendations, or a nearby rec at least, and she said no. She did offer to let me leave my cat ALL day in a cage at the clinic so she would be there for the 4PM appointment, but well, my cat can't explain her symptoms to the doctor now can she?    Finally I squeezed the name of an emergency clinic on 40th and Cactus out of her and took off for there.     Look I'm sorry my cat can't get sick on your schedule Blue Cross Veterinary Clinic, but maybe for your next customer (since I won't be returning) you could offer a bit of compassion for an animal in distress.
What a relief. You know that feeling when you finally need a really important but common service, you don't have even a slight clue as to where to go, the options are overwhelming, and you really can't afford a "trial and error" that results in error? Tailors and dentists come to mind. Veterinarians also fall into this category for me.    My hound developed a large mass on her hind leg and from the first phone call to Blue Cross, I had a very reassuring feeling that she'd be in the right hands. Our first visit was a slam dunk - my hound warmed right up to Dr. Ryan who walked us thru our options in a very knowledgeable and comforting way. Three days later, we dropped her off, had it removed, and we are on our way to recovery.     Though the lump saga is far from over, I'm confident this is the best place to be dealing with it. The staff is friendly to both of us (owners need just as much TLC as pets in these situations), and the location is convenient. We'll be patrons/patients for a long time.
I've been using BCVC for 10 yrs.  The reviews here are overwhelmingly positive but I feel the need to respond to the couple of folks who complained about having to wait and about not being able to be seen right away.  First - from lots of experience with this clinic I can assure you long waits are unusual and related to unexpected urgencies in someones pet.  Second - the complaints I read about not being seen right away sounded like the writers are expecting emergency service at this clinic.  It's not an emergency clinic.  They don't pretend to be an emergency clinic.   Expectations need to be realistic -  someone complained that they had a new kitten with a runny eye so they just showed up and asked to be seen.  They are always booked solid but even though this person just showed up unscheduled at a non-emergency clinic, they offerred to let the person leave the kitty so they could work it in but this person decided to complain about that too. Ridiculous.     Dr. Bennet is my primary vet and I have complete trust in her but my pets have seen every doctor there at some point because they do make room and offer other vets when they need to do so.  My pets and I have recieved nothing by high quality service and excellent care.  In fact, this clinic and it's doctors have gone out of the way on a couple of occassions in order to make room at a moments notice when trying to turn an ailing cat's health around, and to follow up with me, off hours on a Sunday, after another kitty had to have surgery.      Excellent care, excellent service.  Don't treat them like an emergency room and you won't be dissappointed.
I had been going to Blue Cross since I adopted my wonderful soulmate, Amelia, in 2003. Blue Cross was her clinic when she was with AZ Rescue, so I figure, why change?!  Amelia was an indoor cat, so she only saw the vet through the years when updated vaccinations were necessary.  Dr Ryan was her primary vet, but she has seen other doctors at the clinic without any issues. Regarding the waiting at Blue Cross, it has never been an issue for me. I love this place!  Now more than ever!    We also adopted another cat 2 years ago, that also attends Blue Cross. We drive from North Phoenix down to 36th St and Indian School for the amazing service of Blue Cross and Dr Ryan. Simply AMAZING!    Over 6 months ago, my beautiful Amelia developed a mammory tumor. I was devasted. Dr Ryan was so thorough and understanding. We all decided that surgery was best and proceeded to remove the tumor.  Amelia was in excellent health and worries were not necessary.......until.........during her recovery a couple weeks later, she develped CRF (chronic renal failure). Again, beyond devastated!    Amelia was hospitalized for a week at Blue Cross. I was able to visit her everyday and Dr Ryan ALWAYS kept me up to date on what was happening. Even when I would call multiple times a day, not one staff member was annoyed with me.  Everyone was EXCELLENT!  Amelia was the resident sick kitty at the time and they all participated in her recovery. We almost lost her right then and there, but she bounced back with decent blood results and was able to go home.    She was on constant fluids (everyday), medication and visited Dr Ryan often for the past 6 months. In the end, she weighed only 4 lbs, but fought the most incredible fight. Dr Ryan did EVERYTHING possible for Amelia. However, Amelia lost her fight on 10/2/12 and I have never been so heartbroken.  Dr Ryan and her staff have been INCREDIBLE. She guided me though the "putting to sleep" process and continually explained everything to me through my sobs.  She even cried herself.    Dr Ryan, I dont know if you read these, but I couldnt have made it through the past 6 months without you.  I appreciate you more than words can ever explain.    Thank you!  You are my vet for life! I will see you soon!
Boyfriend and I had a great experience here. My co-worker recommended these guys and the Yelp reviews confirmed it was a good decision.     Poor Milly Mutt had a rash on her belly and was acting weird and not as spunky as normal. We found out she had an allergic reaction to something and had a parasite. They gave her a shot on spot and gave us the results of the poo test a day later saying they already had her prescription ready for us.     Everyone there loved Milly, as I am sure they love every animal that walks through the doors. Boyfriend met with the doctor and said he was nice and great with the pups.    When I called to make the appointment, the woman I spoke with was so kind and excited to meet Milly and you could tell she was an all around animal person which made me happy.    I plan on taking our two cats here to get shots and get their chips updated and taking Milly Mutt back here for a chip and any checkups/emergencies. Its great to finally have a relationship with a vet in the area.
Five years ago, my husband and I moved to Phoenix. We needed to find a new vet for our cats, and did not know a soul. So, I turned to the internet and chose one based on Yelp reviews. That's how I ended up at Blue Cross Veterinary Clinic.  Blue Cross is about twenty minutes from my house, without traffic (I live in Laveen). Sure, there more than a few vets between my house and Blue Cross, but I have never felt like looking for a new vets. That is really saying a lot, because we have three cats. Cats do not like car rides, especially long ones!! Still, I love the care my babies get from all the doctors and staff there. I have nothing but an awesome experience with ever doctor there, but Dr. Mulla is my favorite. Like I already mentioned, all the doctors there are great and caring, but something about Dr. Mulla really puts me at ease. I adore my fur babies and would not want to take them anywhere else.
We have been using Blue Cross since we moved to the Valley nearly 15 years ago.  We had always thought they were great.... until recently.  We had a cat who had been their patient since we moved here.  We had been in several times with him over the preceding month or so because he was old and showing his age.  The day I called them and really needed them, though, I asked if they could see him that day because our guy had stopped moving around very much, and stopped eating and drinking.  I told them this over the phone, only to be told they could 'fit me in' next Thursday (more than a week after I was calling).  I'd been bumped and forced to wait for myriad emergencies of others; I figured this was the time we would be the emergency.    I understand that the vets have lives.  But I seriously expected someplace I'd been going to (and spent lots of money with over the years) to be a LOT more accommodating when a pet is in need of end of life services, especially one who has been a patient for so long.      The doctors have always been great.  Unfortunately, the quality of the staff has been going downhill in recent years.  This latest experience has caused us to finally decide to find another vet.
Virginia Kennaway has been my vet for over 14 yrs.  She was referred to me by a co worker who was singing her praises.  She comes right to your house and does everything right there. (I don't think this service cost more) I had two large rottweilers and a cat. It was hard to put them all in my mustang.  The rotties have passed on but she was wonderful to them and always right on with her diagnosis. My male rottie lived till he was 14yrs old and he died silently in the night.  My cat is 14yrs old and doing great.  I truly do believe their longevity and great health is due to her great care.  She does not waste  time or money.She is always upfront and honest.  I refer  all my family members and friends to her.  I really appreciate all she does..
I will never take my cats to the vet again!!  Good news is now the vet can come here, and it's much less stressful on all of us : )  We got two cats from the Humane Society last year (not related) and they are just now starting to get along.  When one of them got stung by a scorpion the office visit to the vet set relations way back.  All the strange smells, one's an alpha and one's perhaps a delta or epsilon, I didn't see either of them much except for fighting...  So, when my epsilon had an eye issue I decided to seek out a mobile vet-I don't know why I didn't consider this sooner.  Dr. Kennaway was just wonderful and I would certainly patronize her business again without hesitation.  Prices were better than I expected for an in-home visit.
My new kitten got sick the first week I got her. In a panic I took her to VCA. They were so good with her. I felt very comfortable with them taking care of what ever the problem was. As well they could not be nicer to me. I received follow up calls which was great. I recommend these guys for sure.
This is the worst service ever. I went in with a complaint of animal that couldnt walk and was in pain. Ross Babcock is old and should retire. Just like the previous person he proceeded to do a physical exam to see if anything was broken, good thing nothing was broken. During his doing the exam the animal whimpered but Babcock was to deaf to hear it. He proceeded to talk down to me and tell me nothing was wrong with his he wasnt in pain and there is no pain medications to give this animal and did more tests. Come to find out this is what happens in the end stages of animals life.. I am sad my animal died the next day so if you worried about your animal RUN FAR AWAY FROM HERE!!!!!
Okay...Getting a vet that will actually talk to you and discuss your pets health and history is remarkable in this day and age.  I was very impressed with Dr. Clark and his genuine care for the health of your pet.      One thing that I really appreciate is that the office seems to take into account that you are the customer and you direct them to the level of care your pet needs.  I agree they didn't  seem overly anxious to sell me services that I really don't need, but, also emphasized the importance of things like heartworm medication.      I recommend Dr. John Clark and the staff at the Orangewood Animal Hospital.
concur all previous positive notes.  We had our cat in last year for work and both the staff and the doctor are excellent.  I would recommend that you use the services or if out of your range, with his knowledge of area Vets, I 'm sure they will recommend someone.  My only previous dealins with other Vets was negative.  This group really clearly loves and cares for animals.
We have been to this hospital about 4-5 times in the past year with a couple different cats of ours. We have been very happy with Dr Clark in the past.  He usually goes over everything really well and doesn't try to talk you into unnecessary care. However  I just got back from an appointment today and am very disturbed by the experience.      First of all a little background. My boyfriend and I have been TNRing (Trap, Neuter, Return) for about 4 years. This program is very helpful for the feral cat population and only a select group of vets and clinics will even spay/neuter feral cats.  We have been using Altered Tails and although they do have their shortcomings for the most part they do a great job.     We trapped two cats on Wednesday night.  One of them turned out to be a friendly stray cat with an injury to his back leg.  Although I know AT doesn't treat  injuries we went ahead and took him in to be neutered along with the other feral cat we caught and made an appointment with Dr Clark to have him examined. Altered Tails called me after the surgery and explained that the cat had a reaction to anesthesia and he was freaking out and biting at his incision.  They put him back under, repaired the damage and put an e-collar on him. I was happy that they informed me of what happened and gave me instructions to keep a close eye on him.    I knew before I even walked into Dr. Clark's office that the incision wasn't looking great but did not blame Altered Tails because I knew what had happened.  But as soon as I got there Dr Clark seemed annoyed I took the him to Altered Tails and basically called them a chop shop.  Which is very offensive considering the work they do for animals.  And it made me feel like he thought I was a bad or cheap person for taking him there.  We have 6 indoor cats and care for 2 small feral colonies. We spend a lot of our time and money caring for not only our own cats but for many lost, abandoned and feral cats each year. We spend at least 5K+ annually caring for animals so I wouldn't think anyone would consider that cheap or unkind.  But that's exactly how I was made to feel.      Dr. Clark didn't even bother giving him a full exam (although I was charged for one) he took about 10 seconds and looked at his neuter incision and injured leg. He gave me an antibiotic and seemed to want to get me out of his office as quickly as possible.  I asked if he could help me put his e-collar back on because he had gotten it off in the carrier.  His reply "it's pretty straight forward" and sent me on my way.      I'm so disappointed that I thought we had finally found a great vet and he turned out to be this way.  We will now be on the search for a new vet. I hope no one else has to experience this type of treatment when they are only trying to go out of their way to help homeless animals.
After trying several other vets, I finally have found one that seems to have the knowledge, experience and communication methods that I have been searching for. They do not have the typical style of one dimensional diagnosis. They think through any issues a pet is having and present well thought solutions. They also seem to be much less focused on gouging clients with high priced unnecessary tests or procedures.     While many vets "say" they do what they do because they love animals, this place shows how they feel by the way that they treat you and your pet. Zero fear based sales efforts like others. I think I have discovered a wonderful place for the heath care of my beloved best friend.
We took Pauly back to Dr. Schure about two weeks ago. He didn't order a crazy amount of blood work. He could tell by looking at him that he was doing rather well. He decided to keep him on his medication and his diet and play it by ear. I'm so grateful.  Pauly aka ZombieKitty is doing so great. His quality of life had improved exponentially and we have Dr. Schure to thank for making Pauly's 20th year one of his best.
Banfield is way overpriced and after finding a much better vet (honest, more knowledgeable, not focused on money) I realized how crappy this place really is. Would NOT recommend. I have yet to know someone that has had a positive experience with any Banfield, but this is the location I have personally used.
We had a sick cat and had to find a vet near our house. Shea Animal hospital was down the street so we decided to take him there. They were so nice and friendly and loved Atticus immediately. That was in November 2011.     A couple days ago I noticed our cat having a hard time breathing so I called them. Dr. Organek treated him before and she called me back and also scheduled the appointment for me for the next day. Unfortunately we ended up having to put our sweet kitty to sleep but Dr. Organek spent almost 3 hours with us and talked to my husband on the phone and answered all of our questions. She was also very sympathetic. This was 4/5/12. On 4/7/12 we received a sympathy card from her.     We are very happy with their services and would bring our pets to them again.
I have used Faust Animal hospital for the past 13 years.  They offer great service, have very knowledgeable staff, and are available for walk-in emergency care.  The staff was very kind when two of my older cats needed to be put down.  I cannot recommend them enough.
I have always gone here when I had my poodle, and when I moved back from Flagstaff with my cat, Claire, we have been going here ever since for veterinary care and services.  As my cat is aging, there are additional health concerns coming and this past week Dr. Wiblin spent almost a good half hour on the phone reviewing all of Claire's test results, blood work, etc. and all of my possible options.  It made us feel like "valued customers" that the actual veterinarian spent that much time and was concerned and empathetic regarding her kidney issues.  I would highly recommend this facility to anyone looking for an office that cares.
I saw  Dr. Kastner for years who cared for my cat.  We switched to Scottsdale Cat Clinic about three years ago and found many conditions undiagnosed and/or untreated, such as hypertension.  These conditions could adversely affect the longevity of our cat's life, so we didn't take this lightly and took the advice of our new vet.      Now our cat is elderly, his health is declining and we were looking to take him back to PVAH to diagnose him since it is much closer to our home.  When I called to schedule the appointment, I was absolutely shocked at the response of the woman who answered the phone.  She said, "Is this a situation that could turn into euthanasia?"  Needless to say, we will never be stepping foot back into this clinic again.  The utter lack of empathy, understanding, gentleness and compassion from people we saw for years came as a total surprise.      If you have a senior cat, do yourself a favor and go to Scottsdale Cat Clinic!
We adopted our two cats from AAWL close to five years ago.  We were immediately impressed with their professionalism and cleanliness. I remember thinking that it was like a Garden of Eden for pets!  It's tucked away on a side street that might be difficult to find at first, but it's worth the drive.  They do a thorough check of all would be pet-owners, down to the children in your home and pet allowances for leases.  We chose our cats, and our daughter had to come the next day to make sure that they got along. :)  Five years later, we still sing their praises to anyone looking for a pet.  If looking to adopt, look no further!
I've interacted with this organization in various forms throughout the years. I participated in their many education programs four years ago and recently adopted a beautiful, warm and friendly cat from them this past year.    Let me first say that for whatever faults AAWL has, no one can deny that we need places like this to exist: no-kill shelters in which pets can recuperate instead of die while waiting to find a new family.    I have nothing but good things to say about their cat adoption process. The ladies at the cattery were all lovely to me, introducing me to cats with a social and affectionate personality, just as I had requested. They matched me up perfectly with my Sabrina. The paperwork went smoothly, and I could tell that everyone really cared about adopting cats out to the right family.    Plus, it helps that all the cats have little signs depicting how much they enjoy affection, playing, scratching, etc. so you can get a gist of their personality.    Now, there is only one star taken off, and that is due to the education programs. I participated in Teen Tracks, Camp Vet, and two or three other programs throughout my adolescence. I have to say that I was not too thrilled about the leadership or social dynamics of any of the programs. I feel like the staff may have needed more training on how to deal with adolescents.    However, that was four years ago, so I have no idea if the educational classes have changed significantly or not. What I do know for sure is this: they save lives on a daily basis and can give you the new family member you've been waiting for.
At first glance, my Yelp buddies may be thinking "Finally!  She's put the lid on that can of crazy and adopted a new pet!  Too bad it needs a neurologist."  Well, no I haven't. That shows you what my list of unfinished reviews looks like.  So here's my review from my August 2011 visit.  Rest assured, it was so traumatizing I can accurately remember the pertinent details.    After my kitty suffered a severe seizure, losing her eyesight, the emergency clinic recommended a neuro consult as they were unable to pinpoint the cause.    So we loaded up our already deaf, now blind, and extremely pissed off family member into the car and  headed from one hospital to another.    The facility is in an odd industrial area, but it was very clean and the staff friendly.  We were greeted promptly and had a minimal wait.  Suzi was first thoroughly examined by an resident.  She was minimally cooperative, but he was good with her.  He then took her to another room for a second examination by a neurologist, Dr. Evans.  We were not offered the opportunity to accompany Suzi, but we were not exactly at the top of her list anyway.  Following Dr. Evan's exam, he did meet with us to report his findings.  His best guess was a brain tumor, but in absence of an MRI, he could not be certain.  We discussed treatment options; however, as she was already 19, I was not willing to consider surgery or radiation.  He suggested a course of steroids which could reduce any swelling causing the blindness.    The only thing preventing me from a 5-star review was the topic of the MRI.  While I did not feel pressured, I was encouraged to move forward with it for a definitive diagnosis even after I expressed concern over her age and current weakened state following the seizures.  I asked if the MRI were positive what conservative treatment was available.  The answer...a course of steroids, the same thing if it were negative.  I fully understand it was their obligation to communicate all available diagnostics and treatments available, but I also understand that I could have easily been swayed to spend $3000 just for peace of mind in my case.    The steroids did appear to help as Suzi's sight returned and she had 3 more months seizure-free.  Dr. Evans' best guess diagnosis appeared to be accurate, as she did exhibit additional symptoms pointing to a brain tumor just before we euthanized her.  I would not hesitate to trust this facility again should the need arise.
I had my reservations at first but Dr. Knowles really tried to help my boy.  My 12 year old Great Pyrenees lost function of his hind legs and was treated for polyneuropathy, after a week of treatment the doctor herself called to see how he was and wanted an MRI of his spine to make sure she didn't miss anything...sure enough he had 2 herniated disks! Unfortunately they found pneumonia and started treatment.  We had to take him to a 24 hour hospital early in the morning and even with knowing Dr. Knowles would be on vacation for a few days she still kept her direct phone on to keep in touch with the emergency veterinarians!  Not to mention the staff I dealt with was amazing and a special thanks to the business office for all of their help!
When we first discovered Southside Animal Hospital, it was purely out of necessity: the nearby Laveen Animal Hospital could not get us in for an appointment, and I had become dissatisfied with some of the more familiar Tempe vets I used to use.  So when we made an appointment at Southside for our newly adopted german shepard, I was a little guarded at first -- thinking of some of the negative experiences I'd had in the past.    Next, upon walking in the door, I saw two great signs of a positive experience: almost no wait (yes, I know this could mean good or bad things), and walls adorned with thank-you's and information about the Phoenix Police K-9 unit and their trainers.  We found a vet with tons of experience with this sometimes difficult breed!  And the experience with staff and the doctor were as pleasant as could be.  We could tell that this was an established and valuable neighborhood business that didn't charge too much or promote silly add-on services like many vets now do.  Since that experience a couple of years ago, we have consistently chosen Southside for all our vet needs -- even getting rid of the Banfield wellness plans we had for our cats in favor of these guys.
What a find!   The care my cat received here was as good as one can wish for and the price was refreshingly reasonable. My cat has had mouth issues for a while, and I felt the problem might be coming to a dangerous head. I'm also unemployed- so money is very much a concern.     My fiance and I were able to walk in at 10:30 am on a Monday morning and see Dr. Yocham (without an appointment) in less than 15 minutes. Dr. Yocham leveled with us: a pricey tooth cleaning or surgery was not in order. He got us out the door with medicine for kitty's ear mites and an antibiotic for his mouth issues. We were in and out in 45 minutes total and it only cost us $65. Two weeks later and kitty's mouth is noticeably improved and his mites are getting under control. Also a big difference in his disposition. :)    Dr. Yocham isn't a super-petty guy that will baby talk your animal...certainly not like the Los Angeles vets I was accustomed to. But he is forthright, informative and kind. Old school. Plus, his staff is uniformly pleasant and attentive.
Just like Patrick B, I had bad experiences with Laveen Animal Hospital and needed a new veterinary home for  my cats. Since owning our first cat back in California five years ago, we have not really had great experiences with vets. The pet food scare of several years ago, as well as Californians' growing obsession with pampering their companion animals, probably led to an inflation of vets' prices and a deflation of their genuine concern for the animals.     Dr. Yocham at Southside has been a refreshing change from all of that. His direct, to-the-point, no-BS style is helpful when all we really want is to hear the symptoms, diagnosis and potential solutions. You know, that thing they call medicine? Furthermore, the office is no-frills, with no attempt to "upsell" you with a ton of expensive food and accessories. Finally, the prices are very reasonable which is always nice to see in today's veterinary scene.     Unfortunately, while a few of our encounters at Southside have been run-of-the-mill vet visits, the large majority of our interactions have been related to flife-threatening issues: my little kitty Simon's bout with the fatal disease, FIP, and my other cat Bauer's recent bladder blockage. Adorable Simon didn't make it after six months of fighting the disease, but when we finally put him down at Southside, Dr. Yocham and his staff were appropriately somber and patient with us as we said our good-byes. Recently, with Bauer's unexpected condition, Dr. Yocham thoroughly examined him, told us the problem and gave us three options. While we ended up choosing the most expensive option (a surgery that is supposed to prevent future blockages entirely), we still felt that he presented us with choices and explained why the other two weren't the best for Bauer's long-term health. After his four-day hospitalization and a subsequent suture removal, Bauer is doing great and appears healthier than ever.     Lest I forget the supporting cast, Southside's staff is also very kind and seems genuinely interested in animals. They compliment Dr. Yocham's expert and direct style.     If you're looking for a different kind of vet care, I highly recommend Southside. Do, however, be forewarned that they don't take appointments. That's their only drawback (although, in some cases, when they've been busy but we've had a more serious situation, it's proven a positive thing.)
They took my cat in at 8am on Saturday morning and removed his bleeding tumor on his leg. They treated him rapidly and got rid of the tumor. There were no hidden fees or extra charges for anything. They are great at the Southside Animal Hospital.
I take all of my cats here. I've never had a problem with the staff. Everyone has always been really friendly and helpful and they make your pet feel safe and at ease. Anytime my husband and I take our cat Oliver in there he is in such a panic, but after a few minutes he is cuddling up to the vet techs and the vet.
This is the best place in the valley. I totally trust these guys with our two cats. Our favorite doctor is Dr Hertzig as she is very professional and has a great bedside manner. She was especially helpful a few years ago when one cat needed to be put down. She was very compassionate and as a new pet owner, she gave me the time to say goodbye and talked to me about the options in a very matter of fact and graceful way  The other doctor who is an older man, Dr Jenkins, I don't  trust him and I don't like it when he's on duty when we go. Dr Hertsig and the tech staff there is why we give this place 5 stars
I gave them one star because their only saving grace was that they had Saturday hours and could get me in pretty quickly.     However, when I brought my cat home from a tooth extraction I noticed that they had left his catheter in his leg. I had to go to an after hours animal hospital to have it safely removed.   When they (AAC) sent us home from the tooth extraction they said they had run out of pain meds and to come back the next day. When we came back they told us that 1) the pain meds that were to be administered every 12 hours wouldn't be in until an unknown time and 2) that the vaccines my cat was supposed to receive were over looked and never given. I wouldn't even trust them to care for a pet rock.    Totally disgusted!
We have four cats and have been using Dobson Animal Ranch for almost a year. It's clean and convienent and the prices are normal.     They have forms for authorizing someone like a petsitter to make care decisions in your stead (which is very important for us as we travel often.) They were also kind enough to fax our vaccination information to a kennel on a holiday weekend when our AC went out and we needed to kennel the kitties.    They are well informed and did not push services. When one of our cats had a reaction to a vaccine, they were great about keeping us informed and the follow up care has been outstanding.
Can I just say that I've never ever had a more thorough vet?  Our cat was diagnosed with leukemia last year, and we saw the last vet several times without answers to simple questions.  Dr. Barnard answered all of our questions with more than just a simple, dumbed-down answer. And he didn't act like he couldn't wait to get out of the room, which has been our experience with every other vet we've tried.  When I thanked him for taking the time to answer all of our questions, he acted like it was no big deal, like it's normal operating procedure... which makes me a happy kittie-mama.    Not only did he answer our questions, he came up with solutions to problems that the other vet just ignored.  Like the fact that the medicine that she needs is so nasty tasting, she spits it out and there's no way to get her to take it orally.  Dr. Barnard suggested a trans-dermal med we put straight into her ear.    And to top it off, the bills, tests, and medicines were less expensive than our last vet.  Significantly less expensive.  And instead of getting tests that we didn't need, he figured out what needed to be done and we did that.  And then, he wrote us an Rx for a human pharmacy because buying the same med from him was more expensive.  Saved us $25 just in that act.  And then to top it off, the pet pharmacy he sent us to was soooo much cheaper than the last vet's.  The last vet was $130 for a one month supply of the oral.  This one was $31.90 for a 2-month supply of the trans-dermal!      I highly recommend this vet and will do so to all my family and friends.
Let me preface this by saying we've previously seen Dr. Barnard, who is wonderful, but sadly we've chosen to end our long time relationship with DRAH after a recent experience with their newest addition, Dr. Thomas, who, according to the also new office manager, Kim, was willing to allow us to bring in a dying new born kitten to end it's suffering contingent only on wanting to charge us exorbitant fees ($85 for an "emergency visit," even though I could easily have made it there before closing if I had not been kept on hold for 15 minutes awaiting Dr. Thomas' decision) and another ridiculous $157 to euthanize  the poor thing. Here's my question for Dr. Thomas - what ever happened to "First do no harm? The AVMA plainly states "Veterinarians should first consider the needs of the patient: to relieve disease, suffering, or disability while minimizing pain or fear."  I have no doubt Dr. Barnard would have first considered the condition and suffering of my pet before considering the condition of my bank account. I am heartbroken that Dr. Thomas clearly does not follow that same moral compass, and that Dr. Barnard would welcome someone this vacant of compassion into his practice.
My lil man came in with a temp of 104.1 when 102 was normal. Dr. John Graham treated him to the best of his abilities. Talked up the bill as much he could, even over administered Sub-Q fluids.  Popeye died 2 hours later. I couldn't even return unopen, unused medicine.  Never again will I trust this place after nothing but positive experiences with Dr. Thomas and Dr. Benard.  A healthy 14 month old cat goes in with slightly elevated temp and is dead 2 hours later because even Dr. Graham said 'Im chasing ghosts, so I'm treating everything.'
My cat Boo was very sick and  my regular vet said gave me no hope. I sought out another opinion and the that vet told me to relax it was my worrying that was making him sick.  Some one told me about Alma School Animal Hospital so I called and got in the same day.  Dr. Christian listen, examined him and  found  what she believed to be a lymphoma. She did some test which were inconclusive, She helped make him comfortable and checked him every week  no charge  to me. She weighed him and adjusted his meds.      Boo did pass. I felt like Dr.Christian and her staff really cared about what happened to Boo and did everything they could for him .     There office is open in the early evening and every other Saturday. And they actually run a cat rescue out of the front of the office.
I have used Alma School Animal Hospital for years.  They took care of my 2 cats and I can not say enough about the efficiency and the humanity of the staff.  If I called they knew my name and that of my cat.  They never took advantage of bad situations and I never felt that I was overcharged.  When it came time for me to have to put my baby to sleep, a couple of the staff actually came into the room to say goodbye and give a couple scratches on his favorite spot.  They knew him and his personality.  It was very comforting and I never felt alone during the process.  Other family members use Alma School Animal Hospital and some good friends of mine use it too.  I would recommend them to anyone with a pet looking for good pet care.
This place is the best.  Got my two babies (cats) from here.  They are loving and very people friendly.  They take the best care of you and your pet.  They will take the time to explain anything to you so you are comfortable with your decision of treatment.  They care about my cats and love to see them.  Was referred by a friend to go here and I am very happy I did.
I met Dr.Christian when my boo was so sick and no other vets would take it serious. She was proactive and together we gave it our best shot to save him, but we lost. The compassion the whole office showed   that day made my family clients for life.  They have been incredible and proactive with all of my cats. They treat everyone of them like they are the most special cat they have seen, They listen and think outside the box when you have unusual problems. They even helped me with my foster   They are kind, and caring. I am so glad we found them.
Money grubbers...not animal lovers.  Please do your research before buying into their services!  My cat needed a simple procedure and the price went from $600 down to $40 because of my resistance.
BAD BUSINESS!!!  BAD BUSINESS!!!  BAD BUSINESS!!!!    About 2 months ago I brought my cat in and they gave me an estimate for $100 to do a procedure on him.  I went back in today to get the procedure done and they gave me another estimate for over $700!!!  Their excuse was that first estimate was only good for 24 hours.    I'm out another office visit fee only for them to change the estimate.    Anyone else ripped off by them?  I would like to take them to small claims court.    DO NOT GIVE THEM ANY OF YOUR MONEY!!!!!!!!
We recently adopted a throw-away kitten someone left in our neighborhood and the time has come for her to be spayed.  I was shocked at the prices asked by the vet places I called.  After more web searching, I found the Spay & Neuter Clinic (925 S Gilbert Road in Mesa).  While the office is not real fancy, it was clean and efficient.  The vets and staff are caring and concerned -- The animals are the center of their attention.  Believe me, I would never leave my pet at a place I didn't feel "good" about.  The Spay & Neuter Clinic gave Kitten all her shots, tested her for FIV/Leukemia, and spayed her.  The cost was about 1/3 of what other veterinarians charge!  I've found there are several locations around the valley.  We all need to do our part -- the best way to prevent unwanted pets is to spay/neuter your own pets!
Three of my cats got deathly sick from this horrible unclean place! They have a contagious sickness for cats!  I took my male kitten in for a neuter and within the week he started to get very lethargic and he started drooling excessively with a very bad oder. I ended up taking him to a real vet and after having to spend an additional $300 my vet told me that it was because he was in so much PAIN because this place did not give him enough pain meds (or any!) During this time I also noticed his poor little front paws got all swollen and his pads were bloody and infected from these idiots cutting his nails too short and likely with a dirty instrument. AND as a result of this when he played with my other cat he scratched her and she developed huge infected absesses all over her. She also started with the same lethargic symptoms and had a cold and her nose was running everywhere and she was sneezing and coughing very badly. She had to wear a cone for 3 weeks until the absesses healed.  And then my oldest cat got the same lethargic and sickly symptoms. So all three of these cats (all indoor only) got this same horrible sickness and were all on antibiotics for close to 3 months because of this nightmare. Because I wanted to save $200 I ended up spending close to $1000 on vet bills, tests, and antibiotics for my poor 3 cats. And I had to watch them all suffer for 3 months. These people are horribly rude and just want to take your money and get you in and out as quick as possible. Please don't cheap out on your animal like I did and take them to a clean place that cares about animals.
It was $20 to neuter my male cat, they require you to pay $15 for pain medication, but they DO NOT give you a cone for the cat, it was an extra $30, which I was upset about seeing as you are told to keep the cat from licking down there for 5 days. I do sleep! I do have a job! I can't watch him 24/7.     The line was preeeeetty long, too, to drop him off and to pick him up, but for the price I paid, it wasn't bad.    Also, when I finally got him home, the entire back half of him was soaking wet with water. I called back and they said they must not have had time to dry him seeing as I came sooner than expected (they give you a time frame from 4-5 to pick up your cat and I came at 4:30, I'm not exactly sure how that's sooner than expected). There is a little red bubble like thing coming out of my cat's ballsack, which I also asked about. They said it was normal, but I could come back in to sew it up better (my bf did not want to go, he said he was fine, so we didn't end up going).     All in all though, I'm happy with the price I paid. If anyone else wants that price, go to catnipandtuck.org !
We found an injured stray cat. Since we already have seven, keeping it wasn't an option. I called the Humane Society and, since it was late afternoon, they recommended I take it to 1st Emergency so it could begin receiving care, and they would pick it up the next day. The staff at 1st Emergency was great, both in person and on the phone, and I was comfortable that I had left it in good hands.
Years ago I looked up the closest 24 hour ER vet to where I live. I didn't ever want to be in an emergency situation and have to take time to look up where one was located. Unfortunately, for the first time I had to take one of my cats there. This place is fabulous! The staff is so caring and courteous, I just can't say enough about them. I thought the price was extremely reasonable for a 24 hour location. I saw them triage and do vitals on each animal that was brought in. All of the staff were just awesome, they made sure all of their patients and their "parents" were comfortable the entire time. I highly recommend them for emergency pet care! My kitty is already feeling better!
Brought our 17-year old cat here because his quality of life was deteriorating rapidly and it was time. I've never had to do this before, but I found the entire staff here to be compassionate and very helpful throughout the process. They explained the entire process to me, offered several different options and even took a plaster paw print of the cat for the kids to remember him by.    They also sent us a sympathy card with a small story inside that helps explain to children where pets go when they die.    This animal hospital was recommended to us by a friend who has been using them for some time now, and I would highly recommend this facility to anyone. The prices were also very reasonable.
Would like to take a moment to tell of the positive experience we have recently encountered with this clinic.  We have an approximately 15 y/o cat with apparent extensive dental decay who presented with an inability to close her mouth, excessive drooling.  Our routine vet was unwilling to assess the cat without charging a ridiculous $70 additional charge for an "emergency visit."  After a quick call to Power Road Animal Hospital, we were scheduled to see the vet within a few hours.  We left with antibiotics, pain medication, and a plan to return for more extensive evaluation under sedation.  (Turns out, the cat did not take fondly to having her jaws pried open for an oral exam--go figure.)  Fees for the visit were reasonable, and there was not any pressure to purchase unnecessary supplies, testing, etc.  Contacted the clinic regarding scheduling for follow-up exam, and the front office staff was great in noting our concerns and communicating with the doctor.  We took the cat back within two days for her oral exam and cleaning.  Dr. Darger was more than patient in meeting with us during the AM of the procedure, and was quite reasonable in addressing any concerns that we had regarding how to proceed with care.  Given her advanced age, I did not want to put the cat through any unnecessary trauma in the event that there were some surprise medical findings which would make the dental treatment of minor importance.  Once the cat was under and a more complete evaluation could be done, Dr. Darger contacted me by phone to let me know that the cat had extensive dental disease and that he would proceed as previously discussed.  My husband picked the cat up, and the charges were very appropriate.  I had been provided a written quote with a range of charges previously, so there was some expectation regarding cost; however, the procedure was less than expected and came in on the low-end of the quote. The clinic even discounted the cost of the antibiotics, since we had purchased antibiotics day or so prior and had remaining supply.  Admittedly, this is my first experience with this facility; however, I am strongly considering transferring the care of all of our pets to this clinic.  There is much to be said about being able to communicate easily with the vet, having accessibility to care when needed, and not being inundated with unnecessary charges.  Thank you, Power Road Animal Hospital.
DON'T TAKE YOUR PETS HERE. Unfortunately, they were horrible. They are after all they can take from you. Your pets health is not at all the main subject. I took my cat with an Urinary Tract Infection. She was in pain and I told the doctor all her symptoms she went ahead and refused to prescribe her anything at all unless she had 2 test that were about $350 for both. She as I suspected an UTI but she had to put my cat through 5 hours of hell. The practice seemed disorganized there were a lot of people but they were running around like chicken without a head. They were not even busy or having a surgery in the back. If my cat needed a surgery I would probably take her there because they do seem to have a lot of technology BUT IF YOU supect that it is a stomach, respiratory or even a UTI I would take her to a vet that is not affiliated with a big corporation such as Banfield. Banfield as any corporation they don't  want to serve your pets as much as they want to serve their stock holders. Money is their bottom line. I learned my lesson next time I will take my cat to another vet.
Okay now I may seem bipolar or something if I compare my  last review of the place to this one but reflecting on it I was very upset about the whole money situation. Although, I felt pressure into buying the pet insurance as it turned out my cat  hada very bad infection and she needed follow up appointments and other studies so it kind of worked our at the end money wise. My precious cat is getting healthier  which is the most important thing out of this whole situation. The doctor was caring and apologetic for all the stuff that they had to do to my cat to get the urine and blood samples because it took them  forever to get the samples and the stress the cat went through.  Also i found out that the dental cleaning and deworming is covered under the insurance so that is good for me because I have been thinking in taking her for a cleaning but I have been afraid to even see how much that cost. So that's why I am changing my rating because procedures made sense at the end and the doctor was sweet to my cat.
We recently took in a stray cat who was hanging around our house and needed to take her in to be looked at, get vaccinations, etc. We decided on Banfield at my mother's recommendation since she's taken her boxers to this particular location before. I figure Banfields must range in quality depending on the staff but this one is very good.    The veterinarians who saw our new cat Isis were very friendly, handled her well, and obviously loved animals. I was nervous about being pressured into their Wellness Plans, but they were very nice about it. We decided to go for the plan because it worked out in our favor with all of the vaccinations and possible future appointments she may need (a stray animal is kind of a wild card in terms of medical issues, etc; we probably wouldn't get the plan for our other cat who's never needed a vet visit). Our cat turned out to likely already be spayed, but before we found that out I was a little worried about that cost. They add it on to the monthly fee so you can pay in installments but it did seem expensive to me.    It's also very convenient to have the vet inside a Petsmart. With two reptiles, two birds, and now two cats, it is very handy to be able to get supplies while also getting the animal looked at.
We took our kitty to this place when he started having bladder problems.   The staff were friendly and genuinely caring.  The vet tech was so gentle and kind to my cat, I felt really at home there.  Their prices are reasonable too, not an arm or a  leg mostly, and I appreciate their ease and speed of service.
I really like the service of Paws. It's small and has a nice independent feel to it.  I've taken my cat in twice.  Once for a check up and another so he could get neutered.  They answered all my questions and even gave me some help with his post-surgery behavior.  Everyone there is friendly and helpful.  If I wasn't moving I would definitely take my cat back there for his annual again.
This is why I will always recommend the Small Animal Clinic on Peart to anyone who is looking for a vet. Curtis, one of the vet techs who grew very fond of  one of my cats, Obie just called to offer his condolences ((We had to put Obie to sleep due to medical reasons and he was suffering)). He told me when he was told about Obie's passing when he came into work on Friday, he was in shock. Obie was his buddy. Whenever I'd take Obie in for a check up, Curtis would take the time to pop into the examination room to say "hi" or come out to the waiting room to pet Obie. I did not expect a call from him but it was a very nice thing for him to do.
I have been taking my cat Jarvis to this emergency hospital for every emergency visit he has had. The first one was a bleach poisoning, he had gotten into some clothes my sister had soaking in her bathroom.    I was in hysterics when I got him to the ER. He had thrown up a little in the car ride over, and was okay otherwise. I explained I was really low on money, and the managed to check him over and decided he could be seen as a non emergency to help me out. The whole visit cost 75.00 including medications. Reasonably priced. The second visit he had broken a tone nail. They price was about 180.00, by the time we where done but the doctors where really nice, and answered all of my questions, ( I HAD ALOT LOL ) and he was fine after coming home. They trimmed the nail up, got him some pain medications, and antibiotics. The nail had been broken for about two days and I had been trying to treat it at home - which was not working. He likes to ruffhouse with the other cat and kept splitting the nail worse. :(    They where awesome and I would recommend them to anyone! They also have a regular vet on site. :)
Last week we had to make the difficult decision to euthanize our 13 year old cat Big Tige who suffered from advanced CRF. We made an appointment with our regular vet for the next morning, however due to worsening of his condition had to take him to First Regional late the night before.    We had never been to First Regional, we called ahead and as soon as we walked through the door 2 of the technicians immediately came up to us to assist us, one of them took Big Tige to the back to set a catheter and let us know she would bring him back to spend time with us before it was time. The other technician took us to a private room, asked us if we wanted to stay with him throughout the process and started gathering our information so we would not have to do it afterwards.    After they brought Big Tige to us, they gave us as much time as we needed, checking in every once in a while to make sure we were doing okay. When we were ready the vet entered, walked us through the process, talked to Big Tige and pet him until he was gone. She was very sympathetic and gentle as she took him away.    The entire staff was great throughout the process and sent a sympathy card a few days later, even though we were not regular clients. The card included an ink print of Big Tige's paw.    The 4 stars is just due to the price, it was twice as much as it would have cost if we made it to our appointment the next day, however at the time the price didn't make a difference.
I had to go in here for an emergency visit on a saturday. I am an extreme over- worrying freak when it comes to my little guy...and they made me feel so much better. They gave me options...told me the worst case scenerio...but also didnt make me feel like it was life or death like some vets  in the past have done....Dr. blom was so helpful, honest, and she always  made me feel like she actually cared about my pets health. I left that day very happy with the entire team. I came back the next day for more x-rays and the machine was down...several people appologized..they still did a free quick exam to check vitals and gave me an option to go to their sister location. Dr. blom and i decided that the situation was under control enough that i could keep an eye on him and come in the next day for x-rays (if i felt it was for the best.) i did end up coming in the next day...got the xrays ...(.that were explained to me and compared to the previous ones) ....I came in worrying like crazy...and left feeling like everything was under control. They let me know exactly what to look out for..how to continue to care for my little guy..and offered to call me later that night with more extensive analysis from the x-rays once the readings came in....Dr. blom called me herself ..went over the x-rays..and again assured me that what was going on was most likely normal ..and not to worry unless specific things changed. :) the office also called several times to check up on everything. I have taken animals in the past to different er vets ..and it was..horrible..this place went above and beyond ....I was extremely impressed.
We have been taking our cats to First Regional since February 2004 when we needed emergency care for a very sick cat.  They saved her life.  We found a gem and have been taking our cats here for regular vet care since then.  The vets and the techs and the front office staff are all very knowledgeable and extremely caring.  All of the cats loved going to the vet and seeing their friends there!      As our cats aged,  the geriatric care we received from Dr. Babyak was stellar.  She helped our cats live longer and happier lives both with her medical care and great at-home care advice for us.  As we had to say goodbye to each of our 4 beloved cats, all of the staff helped us through the hard times.      We recently took our new cat in because she was spraying on a curtain.  We thought it was a behavioral problem, but Dr. Flood quickly diagnosed it as a urinary tract infection.  When we took her back for a follow-up visit, Dr. Flood detected crystals in her urine and recommended a diet change.  Now our new baby is both healthy and very happy.    This is a great place; it's not often that one finds a vet clinic where everyone cares about your pets as much as you do.
I have been a client at First Regional Animal Hospital for 13 years and counting and have received nothing but the most stellar care from well-informed doctors and technicians.  First Regional is top-notch when it comes to both regular day-to-day care and emergency care.  I have also grown to adore the front office staff who has "seen it all" and can handle any situation, including the most difficult, to which I was most grateful.     I first sought out First Regional when I moved to AZ in 2000, mainly for well-exams for my two cats.  We saw Dr. Joyner for years who is always up to date on the latest treatments and I have been especially impressed with his knowledge of more homeopathic remedies.  Dr. Joyner takes a "less-is-more" approach except when he is certain that additional tests are needed or has information that leads him to believe that more tests/treatments are necessary.    That brings our journey to internal medicine, where I believe I have seen the number one specialist in veterinary medicine.  Dr. Babyak is "second to no one" in her knowledge in treating complex diseases and her bedside manner with both my "babies" and this baby (me!) is amazing.  It was so nice to know that an expert in complex treatment was right there and that Dr. Joyner could consult with her and pass me over to her when the time was right.    I must say I have had some pretty stressful times as my two cats aged and were terminally ill.  It's scary and sad and I wanted to make certain that I did the right thing but not put them through  too much for too long for my own benefit.  Dr. Babyak and Dr. Joyner both were caring advisers, assuring that I understood exactly what was necessary or maybe when it was becoming too much but still leaving the decision to say goodbye with me.      The techs......AMAZING!  I have met so many as the visits became frequent at the end.  Elana, Dr. Babyak's lead tech is unbelievably good at what she does and is so knowledgeable.  She has worked with Dr. Babyak for so long she is almost like an extended limb which is so comforting.  Dr. Joyner's techs are equally good and have also been with First Regional for as long as I can remember.    Ultimately I ended up putting both of my babies down in late '08 at the age of 14.  Dr. Babyak was right there with me and the staff was so gracious knowing how incredibly hard that was for me (I was a basket case).  They sent me a card after the passing of each of my boys and all signed it with a note to me that I still have on my desk today.  They also sent along two little cards that they put together for me with their paw prints.....so special.    Recently (2010) I adopted two elderly cats from Friends For Life  with the purpose of giving two older and less adoptable cats the "best rest of their life possible".  They ultimately have both developed illnesses....diabetes and a pretty major lymphatic gastritis.  Dr. Joyner continues to treat my diabetic cat and Dr. Babyak is now treating the other.      What I do know is that I could not provide them the "best rest of their life" with any other vet than First Regional.  I say this from my heart.  They are hands-down the absolute best choice in veterinary care......without question!
STAY AWAY. Overpriced and horrible. WORST EXPERIENCE EVER. They tried to charge me $83 for a certificate of health. Thats fourty dollars for an exam and forty dollars so the stupid vet could sign his name on a piece of paper. I threw a fit and finally they took off the office visit. DON'T GO. Staff was so stupid.
They took excellent care of my 10 year old Chihuahua and that means a lot, she's my baby. she was really sick when I brought her to them and after visiting them and getting the medication she needed she was back to herself.  Dr. Jennings was GREAT.
Been coming here for almost 10 years (I have three cats on the insurance plan). Tried to get an appointment for my cat who is limping badly and was told no one could see him. Even when scheduling a regular check-up now, we have to schedule for over two weeks out. Highly disappointed with the customer service I have been receiving. Not only do I have a problem with the customer service, but I also have an issue with the doctors here improperly diagnosing illnesses and/or not diagnosing illnesses altogether.     My other cat has a blood disorder that went undiagnosed for nearly 5 months and he almost died from it not being diagonsed soon enough. Thankfully, a specialist was able to diagnose the issue but unfortuately my cat has suffered permanent blindness because of the disorder not being diagnoised sooner. I should have been done with Banfield after this situation. This is absolutely the last straw for us though. The insensitivity I experinced today was horrible. I will be canceling Banfield pet insurance and seeking a private Vet. Completely disgusted and appallled by Chandler Banfield, do not take your animals here they cannot help you beyond a normal routine visit scheudled two weeks out.
My cat ate one long 6 foot piece of ribbon....yes, 6 feet.  Needless to say she was not well.  After calling my regular vet (which we no longer go to now) and 10 other vet offices, no one would get us in right away to see her.  (I did take her to an emergency vet the night before, but they normally cost more than a day vet.  And this surgery was going to be a little expensive).  I called Family Vetcare and they told me to bring her in right away so Dr. Travis Wodiske could look at her and the x-rays.  I took her in that same day and he performed emergency surgery shortly after she arrived.  He did an awesome job!  The ribbon ran from her stomach, through both intestines and down to her colon.  He made five internal incisions to get the ribbon out and stapled her back up.  She is fully recovered and back to her normal self.  I can't thank Dr. Travis Wodiske and his staff enough for everything they did.  The entire staff is very caring and friendly.  Erin (sp?) was extremely helpful.  This is the vet we will be going to from now on.  I HIGHLY recommend them.
Loved that they did not try to gouge me! They took care of our cat, will be watching him if and when we every head out of town. Liked them so much I took a pic with the doc that is the storefront photo.
Words cannot describe how happy I am that I found Dr. Roach (and Dr. Vergusson) for the care of my kitties.  They handled the treatment and eventual loss of my precious Pumpkin to chronic renal failure with kindness, care, respect and dignity from beginning to end.  This included weekend phone calls from home, and  literally hours of conversation and discussion educating me and providing all possible treatment options.   When the day came when we decided it was best for Pumpkin to let her go, it was done in the most dignified and respectful manner.  I was given all the time I needed to say goodbye, and Pumpkin passed on while wrapped in her favorite blanket in my arms.  There was no last-minute poking and prodding, and, I was comforted afterwards with kind words and a sincere, teary-eyed hug from Dr. Roach.  I never once felt that I was encouraged to run unnecessary tests or treatments to pad my bill, and felt that my desires and concerns were taken with the utmost respect, and treatment was all about the quality of life for my cat, not how much money could be made from me.  We had come to Crosswinds after seeing another vet three times who did not seem to have the same respect for us or Pumpkin.  I can't say enough good things about the staff at Crosswinds, and my 3 other kitties will be lifelong patients there.
I took my cat in because he was obviously sick from something and they have a free exam for new clients. The veterinarian performed the exam and then explained to me that she thought it may be possible that he had swallowed a string, which was blocking his intestines. After attempting multiple times to convince me to pay for all the x-rays and possibly surgery, I ended up only purchasing the fluid shots because he hadn't been eating.      Before leaving, she tried to scare me into it one more time by saying that if he did not improve, that I should consider euthanasia. This offended me EXTREMELY considering that she had no idea what exactly was wrong, and that all she wanted was for me to hear that and decide to spend more money. I will never, no matter what, return to Val Vista Animal Hospital based solely on this experience.     Also, my cat is now perfectly healthy and needed no medical attention whatsoever.
I have always had a wonderful experience here at Val Vista Veterinary.  I have 5 rescue/adopted cats which are always in need of something. From scheduling with Kristin (even tho her mama spelled it wrong) to meeting with one of the very compassionate techs (Milo peed in the crate...) our tech helped clean him up and rinsed the crate as well... then off to the Dr"s.  I haven't seen them all, but the ones I have are briliant.  I have one cat who really needs some oral surgery but he's not been well enough to take it.  I have never been "urged", pushed or frightened into making a decision about my cats health.      I'm a bit offended reading some of the reviews here that claim the vets are fear mongoring.  No, they give you options and possible treatment plans in accordance wit the way your animal is behaving. If one reccomends an x-ray its because its the best way to determine the next steps. We never try to medicate our children unnecessarily... Why would you do it to your animal baby?  MANY vets out there are not interested in your animals... Val Vista Veterinary show they care by calling and checking in to see how your pets are doing after a procedure, not even my own Dr. does that!     Keep up the wonderful work! We'll keep recommending you AND coming back!
Dr. (male) seemed gentle with my cat but, as a medical professional, I am deeply concerned with his complete lack of direction on how to proceed with treatment of my cat with a common kidney ailment.  Rather than beginning any treatment, Dr. wanted to proceed with numerous other far-reaching, non-specific tests with large price tags.  Poor follow up and dirty exam rooms were troubling. I care enough for my pets to know they deserve better than this.
They misdiagnosed our cat as having diabetes. After the cat went into insulin shock they said 'well, sometimes it just goes away.' Seems like they to want to kill animals as expensively as possible.
Over several years and 2 beloved cats, dr. Linden & Walker couldn't be more competent or compassionate. I believe they have a great staff & very reasonable prices. Love this place!
I took my cat in for a consultation because I noticed he had an infected lower canine. From the time I called to schedule the consult through to the end they were very professional! Dr. Visser did an exam and took his time educating me about what he saw in my cat's mouth. Once I agreed to a full set of x-rays, the staff let me know what my cat needed (it turns out he needed three extractions, he was in a lot of pain, he had a bad infection and was running  a fever - it's a good thing I brought him in!) and they started the procedure. They did bloodwork before starting, so they could make sure he was healthy enough for surgery. They let me leave him while I went to work and picked him up later in the afternoon. They were helpful when it came to payment options. They e-mailed me a beautiful picture of my sweet kitty while he was in surgery, and when I picked up my cat they went over everything they had done and gave me copies of all the bloodwork, x-rays, clinical photos, etc. Dr. Visser called me later that evening to see how we were doing. I felt like they really cared about my cat (and me!); I cannot say enough good things about Arizona Veterinary Dental Specialists! Thank you!
Can I be honest? My cat gets better dental care than I do!     Dr. Visser and his staff are very welcoming, compassionate, and informative. You know how sometimes you get the sense that your questions and concerns seem like a burden the staff at a dental or medical clinic (human or animal) would really rather not, or simply haven't the time, to deal with? Completely opposite experience here.    We were referred to AZVDS West by our regular vet, who noticed signs of gum and periodontal disease on our cat's last check-up - and we owe him some serious gratitude. After Dr. Visser took a quick peek into my (very terrified) cat's mouth, checking his teeth and tonsils, he walked me through a prepared presentation explaining what he was likely to find once my cat was put under for x-rays, and gave me the opportunity to voice any questions/concerns I had before bringing his patient into the back  The administrative staff then came in to go over the estimate with me - point by point. She was very pleasant, and more than happy to indulge me in looking at a few photos of what my cat really looks like, when he isn't hiding in the back of a carrier.    They kept me updated on my cat's status throughout the surgery, even emailing me pictures. When I went to pick my cat up, Dr. Visser again sat with me, showing me the x-rays that had been taken, as well as pictures from the surgery, and invited me to ask questions. He made sure I had a copy of the x-rays and photos, as well as a copy of the bloodwork, a breakdown of the anesthesia administered, a log of my cat's vitals during surgery (at 15min intervals), antibiotics, pain killers, discharge instructions, the Doctor's cell number and a secondary contact - just in case.    I felt great walking out the door, and even better when, later that evening, Dr. Visser personally called me to check that his patient was doing well - and not a quick "How is he?", he asked direct, pointed questions so he could be sure the cat was recovering well. He also gave me yet another opportunity to ask questions.    Another reviewer pointed out the cost. It is high, absolutely - but I'd mention that, after receiving the estimate, I called my vet at Banfield to compare. He recommended we continue with the surgery at AZVDS nor only because it was more efficient - Banfield lacks the dental x-ray machine and since cats need to be put under for the x-rays, it's much safer to have the work done at the same time, but also because the cost difference would not have been significant.     If you've gotta part with the money anyway, Arizona Veterinary Dental Specialists offers a great deal for it.
Really wonderful and caring people.  We drive half an hour to get here but it is worth it for peace of mind that we are getting great care for our cats.
Sweet Milly went in for her first vet appointment with Dr.Soltero this morning. Saguaro Veterinary clinic was highly recommended by her breeder. The staff were all very friendly, the location was welcoming and they were so nice to answer a lot of questions for me. I'd recommend this clinic to anyone.
I've moved around a lot in my life, so I feel like I have quite a few past veterinary clinics to compare this place to.  This place is clearly, hands down, the best vet we've ever been to.      It's a small clinic, with a fairly small waiting room.  If you have a pet who is stressed, you may need a short leash or treats or something.  They don't keep you waiting long, so that helps.  Keep that in mind when you book your appointment with this 5 star (IMHO) veterinary clinic.      We had 4 pets when we first moved here and started visiting Saguaro Vet. Clinic.   When one cat developed a cancerous tumor, we had to put her down and I cannot tell you how accommodating they were to us (we have 4 kids and the cat was older than some of the kids, so it was really hard.)  Extremely compassionate.  But it's not just that.  They've been able to get our pets in for various issues without much notice.  They fit us in because, while the situation wasn't an emergency per se, it was somewhat urgent.   And scheduling out for a regular vaccination was also a breeze.  They usually have our prescription food available, but one time they didn't and helped us find a substitution -- with the caveat that if he didn't like it, we could bring it back (even though it was open, which we didn't need to do.)    They're practical and their prices are reasonable.  They don't try to tell you that you should  have this test done... They usually say, let's wait and see how things go naturally or with this medication before wanting you to submit your pet to a test or to make you pay for something expensive.    We have not developed a rapport with any particular doctor as we've seen a couple.  They always ask, and it still surprises me... like, why does it matter?  Aren't they all awesome?
I cannot say enough amazing things about Saguaro Veterinary Clinic. A friend my mine recommended it after I had a bad experience at my then-vet. Just a couple of weeks ago we took our 10-month-old kitten ti Saguaro to get tested after he was exhibiting some troubling symptoms - wobbly walking, falling over easily, loss of appetite, staring into space. The vet performed a blood test and our kitten was diagnosed with FIP (feline infectious peritonitis), an incurable, untreatable disease. Dr. Mike talked us through our options and it became clear that our little guy was suffering and was not going to get better. We made the difficult decision to put him to sleep a few days later. The day of, my boyfriend and I were a wreck. As soon as we came in we were led to a private room and the technician laid a soft comfortable blanket down for our kitten to rest on. The vet came in and was so soothing and understanding, giving our boy a full check-up to make sure the diagnosis was correct before putting him down. I was nearly inconsolable and every single person there treated me like family. The nurse at the front gave me the tightest of hugs before we left. And then, just yesterday we received a condolence card in the mail from Saguaro. Honestly - the best veterinary clinic in the world!
I love Dr. Besemer, and it is very obvious that he loves the animals that he's treating. He listens to everything you have to say and gives you heartfelt, realistic advice. His prices are completely reasonable and his staff is excellent. We recently had to put a cat down under somewhat bizarre circumstances by an overnight emergency vet, and when we brought a different cat to Dr. Besemer I asked him to explain some things to me. We talked for almost 10 minutes and not once did I feel rushed or like I was bothering him, and he was genuinely concerned about what I was saying. I will never take one of our pets anywhere else as long as Dr. Besemer is in business!
Dr. Besemer,  Dr. Kieran, and their entire staff are truly amazing, compassionate animal caregivers.     When my two-year-old kitty became extremely ill during this past weekend, we were able to get him examined by Dr. Besemer on Sunday. At that point, we had no idea what the issue was, and all of the blood work and tests came back in the normal range (the doctor took the time to work him in between surgeries and sit down with us for an extremely thorough review of our kitty's test results and examination findings). We took the kitty home for the night with meds to ease his tummy issues, but the next morning it was quite apparent that the little guy was getting worse.     We took him back in (after calling the staff, who was very willing to get him in ASAP), and he got another thorough exam, this time by Dr. Kieran, as Dr. Besemer was booked in surgeries. All of the kitty's history had been communicated to Dr. Kieran, and she recommended x-rays. (It should be noted at this point that at every step we were given a complete write-up of treatment recommendations and their costs, the pros and cons of each, and given full control over what we thought was the correct thing to do based on all of the facts.) We chose to get the x-rays done, and about 10 minutes later, Dr. Kieran went over the entire picture with us and explaining what we were seeing. There was a suspicious-looking, but not blatantly apparent spot around the kitty's intestinal area. We were given the choice of getting an ultrasound or going in that afternoon for exploratory surgery. Again, both procedures, their associated risks, and costs (very reasonable financing terms are available) were immediately and thoroughly communicated to us. We chose surgery, and Dr. Kieran took him right in. We went home to wait for an update on our beloved kitty's condition. We were told how long to expect the surgery to last, and were told that we could call at any time for a status update. (Never once were we treated like a bother.)    Right around the time they had estimated, we were called by Dr. Kieran, who told us the surgery went well and they had removed an obstruction from our kitty's intestine. We were given a choice whether to pick him up and keep him overnight ourselves or keep him at the clinic for IV fluids and monitoring. (The clinic does not have 24-hour staff, but recommended 24 hour care nearby or what we could do to care for him ourselves throughout the night.) We chose to take him home and bring him back in early the next morning for an all-day stay to make sure he was well-hydrated and get him started eating again. They wrapped up the little catheter on his front paw so they did not have to stick him with another needle the next morning. They gave him all the medications he'd need in the evening before we left and in the morning after we brought him back, except for pain meds to keep him comfortable during the night. We were even able to see the object that was causing the obstruction, which ended up being a large hairball that had dried and hardened in the middle and lodged in there.     That night was rough sleep wise for me, but it was worth it to see my kitty making a speedy recovery. In the morning I dropped him off, and when I picked him up in the evening, the transformation was amazing. We were given after-care instructions, food, medication, and happily brought him home last night.      Dr. Kieran called this morning to see how the kitty was doing and answer any questions I had. He is making quite a speedy recovery, which is an incredible sight after how sick the little guy was.    I have been a cat owner all my life, and have rarely experienced the level of compassion and knowledge that the doctors and staff at Scottsdale Hills Animal Hospital provided. As long as I live in or around Phoenix, this is where I will be taking my pets from now on. They are true animal lovers, and it shows!
I had mixed feelings being at SRAH. I was stressed because my cat is not doing well, but I was also very happy to see all the cute cats there. The staff and Dr. Gullinson are the best. The doctor called me at home and took her time explaining everything that was wrong with my cat. I hate hospitals and so does my kit, but we like and trust the staff at SRAH.
I have been cautious of Banfield for a long time, but Dr. Blackman at the 90th and Shea location completely put me at ease.  She does everything she can and is truly concerned for the well being of your pet.  She asks the right questions and actually tells you what she would do if her patient were her own pet. She is my veterinarian for life!!!
This place is worthless if you need immediate care during the day!!! My kitty has chronic UTIs that can lead to severe and life threatening blockages. On several occasions they have done little or nothing to accommodate him during such instances....stating that they are booked and that I should visit an emergency vet. Well then why am I paying you monthly if you can never see my pet when he needs to be seen? I was told "you do know this is a wellness clinic?" So, apparently sick pets are not a priority for them. The Desert Ridge location is FAR better about getting him in...even when they are full, they squeeze him in between patients. It is a shame, because I really like Dr. Cherico. Furthermore, the techs are not very skilled in handling feisty pets. My other cat does not like coming to the vet, at all, and often becomes very agitated. One instance the techs left me in the room for 20 minutes to try and get my hissing, spitting, and scratching cat in her crate by myself. During a subsequent teeth cleaning she was allowed to scratch herself in her own eye leading to an eye infection that became an ear infection as well. It was awful. I do not recommend the 90th location at all!!!
I was not impressed with this clinic.   Pros:  1. The vet did tell us where to find pet meds for a cheaper price    Cons:   1.Their website was not up to date as far as their location and address.   2. The staff was not very friendly.   3. I felt very rushed to get in and out   4. Received a card in the mail and thought it might be a welcome note but it was a request for referrals!
Dr. Potter and Dr. Burke have been caring for my cats for several years.  They have educated me and helped me keep them healthy; calming my "new parent" anxieties.  They have also walked me through two very difficult diagnoses and assisted me with decisions about treatment and euthanasia.  When the time came to end the lives of my two very sick cats, they (and the staff) showed more kindness, patience and compassion than I have ever known.
We recently started taking our cats to this vet. They performed the euthansia for my older kitty who was 22 years old. I was very touched by their kindness and I thought that they were very professional.    However...  I recently adopted another kitty to keep our younger kitty company.  We brought the new kitty in for testing to make sure he was clear of any diseases.  I of course was very anxious about the results of this test, not only for myself but to make sure it would be ok to allow the cats to meet.  The vet assistant told me that they would contact me that same day with results and advised that if we did NOT hear from them then "no news was good news" (those were her exact words).  So we waited by the phone and did not hear anything from them.  I naturally assumed that the test results were negative and we were free to allow the two cats to meet and hang out together.     This was 4 weeks ago.  I brought my second kitty in for his vaccinations this past week and was advised by the vet that my newly adopted kitty actually tested positive for FIV. Which is HIGHLY contagious.    I told them that no one had called me to tell me this. The vet said that someone tried to call 3 times.  I checked my cell phone which keeps a record of calls for over 2 months. I did not see a single call missed or taken from them.  So not only did they NOT call me on something that was EXTREMELY important, but then they lied about calling me.   So now my other kitty may also have contracted the disease.     I am VERY UPSET about this. And needless to say, we will NEVER be using their services again. And I will warn everyone who asks about a local vet against using them.
I'm so grateful to have found Dr. Josh and his wonderful staff! My elderly cat was being treated at a nearby Banfield and after 3-4 months they couldn't figure out what was wrong with her. I had the good fortune of finding North Scottsdale Animal Hospital online and after ONE VISIT Dr. Josh was able to figure out the issue and start stabilizing her. I truly believe that if I hadn't found this wonderful clinic, my furry kiddo wouldn't be alive right now. I have recommended Dr. Josh to all my friends and family and will continue to do so. The staff here go out of their way to make you comfortable and to treat their patients with as much love as they would treat their own pets. As if all that weren't awesome enough, their prices are so reasonable! I will never go to another animal hospital again, North Scottsdale Animal Hospital has it all for me :-)
So-Happy! Thank goodness people and businesses like this DO still exist. Long story long: I have a cat. She needed a quick, albeit uncomfortable procedure done (office visit all of 20 mins) I have not one nice thing to say about my previous vet of 7 years who sent us away with very little concern or sympathy but they did render us a bill for a service they could not perform... so... that's that. From my first contact with N. Scottsdale Animal Hospital, I encountered professionalism, great customer service, and of all things, FRIENDLINESS! Oh my, how nice it is to speak to someone on the phone, in person, via email, any form of communication with a business that actually makes you feel like they give-a-hoot. Everyone had a great attitude: Reception (Brooke), Technician (James), our Veterinarian (Dr. Sosnow). Their experience and aptitude is clear and stress easing. Hard to find professionalism, knowledge, and a great attitude all in the same business... they've nailed it.  Happy cat, happy client -- Thank you!!
Where do I begin??    Plain & simple: I don't know what I would do without Dr. Josh and Dr. Sarah!    The amazing doctors and their fabulous staff are like my second family and have treated my furry babies like they were their own. You're NOT just another client, you're family!    Two of our cats were diagnosed and treated for renal failure and one for a tumor and the doctors and staff celebrated every success and milestone with me as well as shared hugs and tears when they passed. My grieving process was made a bit easier by knowing that Dr. Josh and Dr. Sarah had given the best care available to us.     Both doctors and staff have made themselves available to me for any and all questions (and boy did I have ALOT) and I even had the option of emailing them anytime I wanted.     We got a new furry baby in the last year who has issues with the herpes virus (he was infected before we adopted him) and the staff does a great job with dealing with all his eye infections and sneezy weezys (not to mention his cranky self :-D).    I truly feel so blessed to have found this clinic. They have been such a huge source of support for me and our little family.    Say hi to Mac (the hospital cat) when you go in!!! :)
I have been coming to Dr. Sosnow and his awesome staff for years. He worked on my cat who was running through his 9 lives quickly and helped give him live a very long life. All of my animals, and I have plenty of them, have had great care here. I won't go anywhere else and highly recommend them to everyone!
Just read Tiffany C.'s experience with Dr. Josh missing a critical tumor that he said "wasn't malignant".  Did the surgery on my precious cat, Sissy, on Thursday and she didn't live through the weekend. He wasn't available over the weekend when she was in critical condition, had to take her to an emergency hospital where they said she wouldn't survive and needed to be put to rest.  This was over 5 years ago.  Hmmm.....seems like things have gotten worse not better.
Don't go here. It's just not worth it.    I found North Scottsdale Animal Hospital & Dr Josh like most of you, on Yelp. The reviews sounded great so I made an appointment.    The night before her appointment, I found a small, round mass under her fur. I was so thankful we had an appt the following day. This would now be the priority.    The next day, I took her in. Dr Josh took a needle biopsy. I got a call several days later saying it was malignant. The doctor hypothesized that it was the side effect of an old immunization, said it was common, that he did these routine surgeries often, and would need to be removed asap. I panicked and said of course.    I was on vacation so I called my sister and asked if she would take Callie in for the surgery. We would schedule it the day I got home so that I could return and take care of her. She said of course.    I did research and learned that in 20% of these cases, the tumor metastasizes to the lungs. I stressed to my sister to have the vet do a chest xray before the surgery to ensure this was it - that we would catch everything. My sister stressed the point over and over to the clinic and the doctor - in telephone conversations and the day of the surgery. We were told it was a waste of money, that tumors like these "almost never" metastasize.    My sister took Callie to the vet the morning of the surgery and again asked for the xrays. She was told by reception that they would pass it on to the doctor and that if he thought it would be at all helpful that it would be done. He did not so it was not done.    She picked her up. My sister wasn't prepared for the size of the incision, neither of us were. We were told this is a routine surgery, Callie would take a few days to recover, but that it would be nothing serious. This looked serious.    I rushed home from the airport. I got home, Callie didn't even lift her head. The was huge, but what was worse was that Callie had her IV catheter still bandaged and sticking out of her arm. I asked my sister why that was. She didn't know. I asked for the discharge instructions. There were no instructions, no 911 number if I had questions. I called the vet and the recorded message referred me to a 24-hour emergency vet. I rushed there.    That vet said that the IV catheter should not have been left in. It was a portal directly into her body that could expose her to a virus or bacteria. They removed it.    Dr Josh called the next day & apologized. I calmed down. He said they had felt her entire body for more tumors and there were none. He said in 3 months when the fur grew back, it would be like nothing had ever happened. Callie didn't live 3 months. She didn't even live 2 weeks.    Four days after the surgery, she got a cold. The hospital had apparently exposed her to sick animal. I felt awful - my baby was cut up, hurting & now had a cold. One week later, I got home from work to find her stomach convulsing at a different rate from her breath. We were living somewhere else so I got online and found a well-rated vet 12 miles from home. We rushed in.    The vet that night found the tumor in her lung - the one Dr Josh said wasn't there. The tumor was half the size of her heart. I made an appointment with a cancer specialist. The next day, a vet found her paw had multiple abscesses at the nail bed - 10 days after leaving North Scottsdale Animal Hospital! She was an indoor cat. The day after, they did an ultrasound on her stomach. They found a third tumor wrapped around her adrenal gland. There was nothing to be done.     The tumor on her skin was an indication of what was happening inside her body. It was a symptom. Dr Josh had only bothered to acknowledge the symptom leaving the rest to behind to kill her.    We went home and Callie crawled into the closet. I found another tumor under her skin. It was 1.5" from Dr Josh's incision & within the area they had shaved to do the surgery. He had assured me they had checked her entire body & there was nothing. That was a lie.    I said goodbye to Callie 13 days after the surgery performed by Dr Josh. Would she have survived this cancer if Dr Josh had done his job? No. But her quality of life would have been drastically improved & likely extended. The surgery & the cold, took the last of her strength. I could have better informed with more options.    My doctor at my new home said all of these cancers were so rare that no one could have predicted them ... BUT I'm pissed because I know that my cat didn't get (a) the care I specifically requested, nor (b) the care a human would have received given the circumstances. Corners were cut, mistakes were made. There's a great deal of people who love their animals as much I love my cat. We want/need the best possible care for them. The worst case scenario should have been ruled out. I did my homework, I asked for the right tests, and Dr Josh decided not to perform them. He said I was being overly cautious.
OMG Sonja (English accent) is so kind. Long story short I had to bring my cat in to be put down. I was having a very difficult time and Sonja and everyone else there was so nice to me. They are a little pricey in my opinion, but they make up for it by being nice. The lobby is spacious, clean, and comfortable and the staff is professional and caring.
3 3/4 stars.  We took our new kitty here to get fixed.  They were on the way to work and we didn't have a regular vet for her yet.  While my girlfriend dropped her off she noticed that they also do de-clawing.  She mentioned that we'd have to be back for that as kitty was too young.  She was told by the girl that the kitty was totally old enough at 6 months.  As she went back to talk to the Dr to confirm, my girlfriend was greeted with TONS of dirty looks from the other pet parents waiting in line.  Well, they don't have to live with it.  If they want claws in their skin and furniture - good for them.      I had the job of picking her up.  She wasn't as well drugged as I might have liked, and they told me she would be, but I think that is more my kitty's fault.  She has an iron will that was stronger than their drugs.  To pick her up they made me sign a few things and promise to do and not do all sorts of things.  The paperwork about being fixed was 2 pages long and had one sentence highlighted.  The paperwork about the declawing was about 4 pages long w/ 2-3 areas highlighted on each page.  Yea, yea, yea.. I get it.  But seriously, would you rather have the folks who don't declaw but then either dump/give away their cats because they keep attacking things in the house or someone who declaws, but then overly spoils the cat?  Anyhow....    They were very detailed and gave us all the info (and more) that we'd need.  And their price wasn't too bad.  For getting fixed, first round of shots and being declawed it was just $194.
I give them three stars because they work cheap and are non-profit. Not exactly service with a smile, though.  I got two of my cats spayed (one neutered there a year prior) and it was pretty cheap and the common surgery was a success. No problems there. They discovered one of the girls had ear mites pretty bad, but just did a bang-up job cleaning out their ears and gave me some drops to give them (which was a pain in the ass to use on the cats, but that's another story). I would of liked them to offer a better treatment for the ear mites.    The staff seemed absolutely miserable when I was there. It was early in the morning, but still...not a single smile or friendly greeting. It's a drab office and the operation seems very robotic. Get them in..get them out. But it's cheap, so what can you do.    Overall...Good for cheap service, but I wish I had found out about the Scottsdale Cat Clinic (read my review for them) before I came here.
The world needs more places like this clinic.  After adopting a sweet girl cat who made a home my backyard shed, it became clear that she was not spayed.  The clinic performed the procedure and informed me she had once been pregnant and had a residual uterine infection, which they treated.  My cat is healthy and no longer yowls at 3am for tomcat company !
We brought a stray kitten here to get her all fixed up so she could be adopted. She received her spay, testing and all shots for $120...that is a steal. I was surprised at how friendly the staff was and they made sure to answer any questions I had. Maeby (the kitten) has healed up well and is in the clear to be adopted. It is a bit drab and even a little depressing but their money goes to providing affordable pet care, not decorating. I will continue to bring my pets to their normal vet but if you're in a pinch and wanting to save a lot of money on these necessary vet trips, this is the place to go.
i was a little nervous about bringing my kitten in for neutering, only because of some reviews i saw on google. but the staff could not have possibly been nicer, or more professional. the price was great (like $35 including pain meds), and they noticed a ear mite issue during the exam, and wiped them out with an inexpensive treatment. my kitten is doing great, and i will absolutely bring my other cat in soon for some of their other services (teeth cleaning, and a check up). highly satisfied with their service!!
We brought in our cat for vaccinations and again when he had swelling on his paw. I love this place! Everyone here really loves animals and it shows. Dr. Edwards took care of our cat, and she was very kind and informative. The prices are reasonable, too. I'm so glad we found this veterinary clinic.
I will always be so grateful to Dr. Edwards for the loving care she gave my precious cat Sterling. Although now with his other furry friends in heaven, Dr. Edwards was kind, compassionate and understanding and went above and beyond to make sure we got the best care and information possible in making a difficult decision.   She is truly an angel in disguise and has been a blessing to all of our furballs.
Dr Edwards is the Vet in Heels.  I love the staff, they are very understanding and caring.  They were very nice when I had to put my cat to sleep last year.  Choosing a good vet is a big deal, so even though I moved to North Phoenix, I still make the drive to Pecan Grove down in Tempe.
Watch your bill!  Years ago I took my cat there cuz she had climbed into my car without my noticing til the next day - in the summer heat.  I immediately put her into a sink of cold dish water to quickly cool off before taking her to Pecan Grove.  Estimate $186, kept overnight giving fluids.  Bill over $600 for unauthorized tests, etc, who knows what now.  Paid with credit card.  When doing my income taxes noticed the $600+ was charged twice.  I provided proof to the clinic office manager who reluctantly gave me a refund of one of the duplicates, complaining that they had since changed credit card management companies & would have trouble with it.  So not only did they overcharge me $416 plus $600 - total over $1000, they complained when asked for a refund.
We've been receiving veterinary treatment for our three cats from Dr. Farrar at Countryside since moving to Tempe three years ago.  We have never known a more professional, outstanding vet.  She is very thorough in all her examinations, clearly explains all findings and treatment options, and patiently answers any questions we have.  She has been particularly attentive in caring for our very elderly cat Patches.  Sadly, it recently became time to have Patches euthanized.  The consideration and compassion that Dr. Farrar showed in guiding us through this difficult time is something we will never forget.
I've been bringing my cats here for the last 5 years.  The entire staff is awesome.  There are 7 vets on staff and I have no single preference, because they've all been so awesome over the years.  I had 2 very old cats who were cared for through their final years here, and everything was handled with great compassion.  Brak's highest recommendation, a strong 5+ on the Brak-o-Meter.
This 5-star review is very VERY hard to earn when it comes to my cats. In my 18 years as a cat owner I have never been pleased with my veterinarian until I came here to Gilbert Veterinary Hospital.     My primary vet is Dr. Foster and I cannot say enough amazing things about this woman. She is one of the most caring individuals I have ever met and she goes above and beyond what is typically required. My three kitties have been seeing her for about four years now and as I get ready to move I can honestly say that leaving Dr. Foster will be one of the hardest things about leaving Arizona.     Two years ago Dr. Foster diagnosed my (then 16 yr old kitty) with intestinal lymphoma. I was floored and so scared about the possibility of losing my first ever pet and childhood best friend. Dr. Foster's concern was unparallelled and her efforts in providing me with all the information and help I needed to make decisions was the only good thing about this time. I had paid for expensive testing (ultrasound and aspiration biopsy at a place they recommended) to uncover the reason for her weight loss, so I could not afford the pricey consultation with a veterinary oncologist. Dr. Foster wanted to ensure she was giving me the best recommendations despite her limited knowledge in feline oncology so without me asking, she called one of her oncology friends and read the lab report to her by phone! She also read up on multiple chemotherapy options before giving me my options. We chose a high dose Prednisolone hoping it would give her a little more time and make her more comfortable, well two years later she is still comfortable and enjoying her life.     Now I want to make it clear that even if my little one had only made it to Dr. Foster's 2-6 month prognosis I would give the same rating on her Veterinary care. It is not within her power whether the cancer progresses slowly or quickly, that was just our luck and the will of a higher power. But Dr. Foster's efforts, her kindness, and how she goes above and beyond for her patients and their owners is what is important here.     Some additional examples of why i LOVE this place:    - Dr. Foster is very honest, she will tell me when she thinks I should spend money on testing/ vaccines and when it isn't necessary or when it wont make a big difference in my pet's health. She get's that I want the best possible care for my pet but that I'm also on a student budget and my resources are not unlimited    - Phone calls! She will return any phone call! I've had her call me back at 7pm because she hadn't left the office yet until she was done returning all phone calls. She will give me advice over the phone and doesn't just "insist" on seeing my cats for every little thing. Also- she calls on her own every couple months to check on my kitty with cancer and inquire about her symptoms and health =)    -Dr. Foster also does animal community service and even travels to Africa to spay and neuter!    - I have also seen Dr. Dudley on a couple of occasions and she is awesome as well. She was very attentive to my pets and treated one of my other kitties that is insanely aggressive at the vet. Dr. Dudley was not at ALL intimidated and got the exam done despite my cat's attempt to destroy all of us for bringing her there haha.    -Staff at the front and vet assistants have ALWAYS been top notch.     -Price- yes a little pricey here, but i think its fair. Honestly I wouldn't go anywhere else even for cheaper rates. Some things are just worth paying for.     I highly recommend giving this place a try. I have recommended it to several of my friends. One friend's kitty had fatty liver disease and had a very poor prognosis upon visiting Dr. Foster and the surgery saved her life. My other friend brings his two cats here and loves the basic care he's received.
I've been going to Gilbert Veterinary Hospital for quite a few years now.  I had two cats that developed kidney problems, and they were absolutely amazing.  Dr. Bode and Dr. Focht are really great - they ask a lot of questions, gave me some great advice - and were always wonderful with my two cats.  Eventually I lost both of my cats to kidney disease, and they were so caring - and gave me a paw print of both my cats to keep.  After a couple of years of not having cats, I adopted two beautiful little girl kittens - and I wouldn't take them anywhere else.  They just received their one year check-up, and Dr. Focht was great as always.  She's so good with the cats - talks to them - and took a lot of time to answer my many questions and even discuss desert tortoises (we both have one).  I love Gilbert Veterinary Hospital!
After moving to Arizona 8 months ago, I wanted to find a vet for my cat. Nothing was wrong with him, just wanted to establish a relationship with a local vet for routine exams and in case anything major were to happen. I decided to try Gilbert Veterinary out and I'm glad I did! Everyone from the moment I walked in to the moment I walked out was super nice! The vet took her time and didn't rush me at all! I inquired about a couple of  products for my cat and they gave me pricing but also told me that I could buy the same thing at the local pet store or online and it might be cheaper. Wow! When I was checking out, I was sure they forgot to add something to the bill because the price was way cheaper than I expected, nothing was left off the bill and it was my correct total. What a bonus! Great vet!!
Disappointment, regret, irritation.  After spending thousands of dollars removing a tumor from beloved feline, where I received mediocre service at best, I now will be asking for my cat's records and find a new veterinarian.  I call Arrow Animal Hospital at 8 a.m. to inform them my cat's tumor was bleeding all over my house.  I called them back at 11 a.m. and was put on hold.  I finally received a call at 2:30 p.m., more than five hours later.  I intend to go somewhere that cares as much about my pet as I do.
I am in total agreement with the previous poster completely; there aren't enough stars in the universe to rate Arrow Animal Hospital. I made the heartbreaking decision to have my Reba, my eight year old calico, put down earlier this afternoon.  When I walked in there I wasn't anticipating that was a decision I was going to have to make but my Little Lady was so terribly sick. We saw Dr. Beis and she was nothing short of amazing. She gave me all the time I needed to say goodbye to my beloved cat and reassured me that I had made the right decision. Her and the vet technician handled my girl with compassion and were sympathetic to what I was going through and even asked if I would like an impression of her paw at no charge. They went over aftercare options with me as well. I chose to have my Reba cremated and returned to me and the process was easy and painless given the circumstances. I was also able to pay for the visit in the exam room so I wouldn't have to stop at the front desk on the way out.     A huge thanks to Dr. Beis, Dr. Williams and the entire staff at Arrow Animal Hospital. I know my sweet girl went peacefully. She isn't suffering anymore.    I should also add, I had her in a week and a half prior and she was seen by Dr. Williams.  He, too, was nothing short of amazing. He ran blood work which came back mostly unremarkable but showed her white blood cell count was high. He prescribed an antibiotic and a steroid hoping that perhaps it was just an infection. She didn't respond to the medication and that's what led up to present day.    I have three more cats at home. I pray that when their time comes they'll slip away peacefully at home, but if not I will take them to Arrow Animal Hospital because I know they will be treated with just as much dignity as though they were still alive.
My kitty was in desperate need of  a urinary obstruction procedure on Fourth of July weekend. After visiting the ER vet hospital in Mesa and calling around the valley from the East Valley to Phoenix, even my own vet...No one would do the procedure without the FULL amount due which was nearly $1,000. I was devastated when they were  telling me to have him put to sleep. He was and always had been a very healthy cat and this condition came out of nowhere Thursday July 3rd and by the next day he was immobile, not eating or drinking, and very lethargic. I knew  I didn't have much time. A family member found Arrow Animal Hospital online. I did some research, read reviews and came in the same day. Even without an appointment, they got my kitty in ASAP and even started the procedure while I was still filling out paper work. They really care about the animals there! From the front office staff, to the amazing Doctors! Payment options are available and care credit is accepted! All of the staff and doctors were very sympathetic and informative and took very good care of my kitty. They literally saved his life. I am so glad I found this clinic and recommend this facility to every pet owner. They even still call to see how he is doing. This place is truly a gem!
Earlier this week, I adopted a 5 week old kitten whose mother died tragically (if you are reading this during May of 2008 and want a kitten, let me know because there are 3 others).     I had no idea what to do with such a little kitten. He was not weaned from his mother and now needed me to be his mama cat. I don't know how to be a mama cat!    So, I brought him to my family's vet - Goodyear Animal Hospital on Estrella and Van Buren. we have been going here for 3 or 4 years now, and every time we go I think, 'This is how our PEOPLE doctors need to treat US.'    I have almost always had pets, and I have dealt with many veternarians who make me feel guilty ..... Kittty obesity ..... Declawing .....Let's run every test in the book and spend 1000s of dollars in case it's XXXXX ......    I always feel good about myself and my pets' care at Goodyear Animal Hospital.    The receptionists and technicians are friendly and helpful, and while there is a staff of 5 vets on site, I highly recommend Amy Schomburg and Laural Casler (both DVM).    Dr. Casler answered all of my questions about my new little buddle of furry joy, and sent me off with a nursing kit and a dewormed kitty.     I had a few concerns the next day .... Mostly about poop. Sorry folks, but did you know with a very little kitten you have to simulate the feel of the mother licking the kitten's ... parts? So warm, wet cotton pad to the rescue! I had to call the staff at Goodyear Animal Hospital twice, and they always answered my questions while giving me guidance for bringing him back in.     Another perk .... They are open 7 days a week! So, I wasn't having Friday afternoon pangs of panic. Worst case scenario, I could get in to see th doctor on Saturday morning.    Kitten is fine, by the way. We named him Huxley.
I can't say enough about this hospital. When my cat had lymphoma in 2007, they were wonderful with him and were sad when he died.   A couple of years ago when my current kitty had a urinary blockage due to bladder stones (fatal if not corrected right away), I made the mistake of bringing him to Agua fria animal hospital first. They almost killed my cat with their neglect and shoddy care in their filthy hospital and the vet techs couldn't even restrain him for an X-ray without me!!!! Goodyear animal hospital took him in and the dr removed his bladder stones!! They treated him like a teddy bear and he was well cared for in a clean cage in their spotless back area where the hospitalized animals stay. since the surgery was over $2000, they allowed me to pay over time which I will forever be grateful for. If I weren't able to do that, I would have had to put my beloved boy down. They saved my cats life and have continued to care about him, asking about him whenever I go in to buy his food. The whole staff loves animals and you can see it in the way they treat them and talk about them!!  I will always bring my pets here!! Thank you staff at Goodyear AH!!! Mowli thanks you too!!!
The staff at this location is always very friendly. I feel comfortable bringing my animals here. They're also very quick to accommodate appointments. I would recommend them.
I am visiting the area and away from my regular vet. I selected the vet clinic that was closest to where I'm located and I had a great experience! The front desk was very helpful and when I went back to see if the vet she did a thorough exam and I had many recommendations for me. once I chose a treatment she was supportive with my decision. When the exam was over I had some additional questions and the vet immediately came back to the room to answer all of my questions. This location is very cost-effective and very friendly.
After misdiagnosing my cat and spending over $230 on unnecessary treatment in May 2013, I had to take my cat to the Emergency Clinic only to spend another $1,000 there. My cat is now on a special diet and needs a prescription so that I can purchase his food. I asked VCA El Mirage to work with me on the cost of his annual visit and I would bring in all 3 of my cats. I guess money is more important than the health of my pets. VCA wants $80+ for an annual visit and immunizations. You can visit TLC - Value Pet Clinic at the local pet stores and pay $48 for all of the immunizations (including Rabies) AND a check-up! Contact TLC at (480) 699-9950. I also learned that it's much cheaper to purchase the prescription cat food online at chewy dot com. Not only is the cost of the food cheaper, but they have free shipping on orders $49+.
All Star is the most caring, kind, considerate veterinary office!!!  I took my cat in to be put to sleep due to kidney failure and although this was one of the hardest things I have had to do, Brittney gave us a room and time to say goodbye and then carried him so gently back to be put to sleep.  These ladies and gentlemen are very caring and compasionate for animals and I appreciate that!  Sue P. Surprise, AZ
I love this place. We have several cats and have to go to the vet from time to time. They're always friendly here. Dr. Britford is such a nice lady! I definitely recommend giving them a shot if you need a vet visit.
I had just moved to Henderson from Los Angeles, so I had NO previous experience with ANY vets in Nevada. I have had to euthanize many pet cats in my lifetime, but I have never witnessed a vet actually crying while prep'ing for the event. What a wonderful, caring doctor is Dr Tawny Schlesener. We worked together to try to figure out a way to make the experience livable, for Chuck (the cat) and ourselves. She came thru with many options, but ultimately it had to be done. If I ever get another cat, I'll be back for her services. Don't go anywhere else.
I had the unfortunate experience of losing my beloved Simba recently and I feel like they handled the situation well.  The staff was kind of stand offish, but I would be the same exact way when dealing with a grieving pet owner, and I am sure that part of their job is super tough.  Plus, I am sure they don't want a mess all over their scrubs from a stranger.  About a week and a half later, I received a sympathy card with the signatures and little notes from the entire staff.  I appreciate everything this hospital did to save my baby, since they knew how much he meant to me.   I am getting another cat in the future and will definitely be returning.
I love them. I love them, I love them, I love them.     My first experience was when there was an unfortunate grooming incident (I'm not sure who was more traumatized...me or the cat). I walked right in, in tears, falling apart at the seams and not only did they confidently reassure me that she would be okay, they cared for her, stitched her back up and called immediately when she was ready to come home. The doctor was very informative and friendly, and every one of the staff members was kind, understanding and provided such amazing service to me.    We always get the same cat groomed at GVAH because we know she is in good hands and she actually likes them. She hates going into the car, but once they pick her up she is cool, calm and collective. I know that she must be in good hands because she never tries to struggle when they come to get her and she purrs when they come into the room and pet her.    The cost of shots? A quarter of what they were in IL back in Chicago. Plus, great service and a friendly staff to boot! All three of our cats (yes, I'm a borderline crazy cat lady)go to GVAH for everything. We just got our accidentally purchased kitten (she's so cute)spayed at GVAH and no hassle. They told us exactly what she would be like, what to do, what everything should look like, etc. Fully prepared with a phone number in case anything arises of concern. Nothing of concern arose because my kitten was back in action in no time, they gave us pain medicine in easy to use kitty syringes and truly made the entire experience easy and relaxing for us, the owners, and our kitten Balvenie (named after quite a delicious Scotch).     If you go here, you will be comforted by the entire staff that your fur baby is in safe hands. I LOVE them and you will too.
Had to take my neighbors cat to see Dr. Rose. The cat was in a fight  with some other cat and had bitemarks on his back which were already infected. Dr. Rose came to see the patient and a few mintues later Kitty was taken care of. Dr Rose and the staff of Green Valley Animal Hospital are passionate about their work. I trust them fully with all my "children".
We needed a place to get our kitty Sadie spayed and we had heard many good things about the GVAH. We picked Dr. P as our Vet! She is so knowledgeable and friendly. All the nurses are also very helpful and friendly. You can tell they really care about the animals. Sadie is now recovering from her operation. Dr. P did a wonderful job. She gave her internal stitches so we do not have to return. She also prescribed her some kitty pain meds which I thought was wonderful!     My kitties are my babies and I totally trust Dr. P and her staff with my cats. She even said she would see our guinea pigs if they need any help!     They have affordable prices, but they do not bill! It is also very clean and sterile. GVAH has plenty of staff, but needs a few more patient rooms. That would be my only gripe is I had to wait a while to get into a room so they could bring Sadie to me after her operation. But not even that big of deal. The Dr. and staff make up for it ten fold! I will for sure recommend them to anyone with a pet and will be bringing back my other cat Sam for a check-up and booster shots.
I recently moved back to the area after living a few years out of state, and I'd decided to look for a new veterinarian because my last one here had begun to nickle and dime me before my move.  I'd hoped to find a doctor before I needed one, but an urgent medical issue struck and I was left searching for someone via reviews through Yelp and Google.  I'm glad I went with Green Valley Animal Hospital.    Dr. Habermehl was very reasonable, giving me a realistic look at my options and treating my cat as well as she could with all factors considered.  I ended up needing to come in twice, once because Kadie had developed sudden and severe vomiting and diarrhea (which turned out to be the result of an overdose of catnip), and again when she went three days without a bowel movement.  During the initial visit, Dr. Habermehl suggested I leave Kadie overnight to ensure she got the supervision and fluids she needed, and I thought, "Here we go; welcome back to Vegas, where everyone is looking to make a buck off you."  However, when I returned, Dr. Habermehl did a thorough exam and suggested we wait 24 hours before taking action to treat the lack of bowel movement.  Luckily, Kadie's problem had resulted from the diarrhea--which had emptied her system and caused a natural delay in her normal litter habits--and she did indeed return to her regular schedule by that evening.  I was not charged for that visit, which tells me that this doctor does have my pet's well being as a priority.    I would recommend Green Valley Animal Hospital to pet guardians looking for honest, reasonable veterinary care.
I recently moved to Henderson and was in need of a new vet to get my 2 rabbits nailed trimmed.  I found GVAH and they have been fantastic.  They always have availability and the exotic vet is amazing!  I asked them about doing a neuter on my one rabbit and got it done this week and he has recovered just fine.  She is well-educated on rabbits and could answer all of my questions.  I would highly recommend this vet for their superior timely and cost effective service.
Worst animal hospital experience ever. I got my Dobermans ears cropped here. When it was time to remove the tape it ripped off all the hair and left scabs for weeks. They also put tape up under his neck which defeats the purpose of training the ears to stand. That also ripped off chunks of hair and left scabs that needed another expensive medication. Never going back, save your pet the shitty treatment. Once they get your money, all there "professional" help goes out the window.
Out of the three vets that I took my senior cat to see, Dr. Fisher and his staff were the best and the most honest.  Read Dr. Fisher's biography on his website.  He and his staff truly care for their patients and will not recommend unnecessary tests that could be costly.  Dr. Fisher and his staff always make themselves available to answer questions over the phone.    I've taken my cat to VCA and Sunridge and both places will recommend unnecessary and sometimes costly tests.  Doctors and faculty are not as personable as Oasis.
Great office!!! They take care of both of my cats, Legion and Dexter. When Dexter became ill with pancreatitis and required hospitalization, they treated him with great care and right away. It's nice to go somewhere where they treat your pet like one of your children. I've been to so many clinics that won't even touch an animal without a credit card deposit; Sunridge definitely seems to care about animals rather than money. We have seen Dr. Ceballos (who I believe works on the lions at MGM as well as the city zoo) and Dr. Snead, who were both EXCELLENT doctors. I also like that they're open 7 days a week (my cats always seem to get sick on weekends!), and they do make house calls in case of emergencies. Staff is also super nice and caring. I recommend this place to anyone with animals!
Our flock includes two cats, two ferrets and a conure. Sunridge came highly reccomended from PetUSA where we bought our ferrets. We see Dr Snead and could not be happier. The first thing I noticed about Dr Snead and all the staff at Sunridge is they treat your animal like it is their pet not that it is just their job. Dr Snead always takes time to talk with us and the animals. I reccomend them without reservation. We give them a big thumbs, paws and claws up!
Quick summary: the BEST animal hospital I have found in the Vegas Valley (have been to several). They honestly care and show compassion to all members of your family including those that have fur and stand on four legs. Highly recommend them!    In depth review: Dr Snead is our main contact at the animal hospital. He is a kind and caring doctor. I have never felt rushed or like he is putting profit before the animal or our own well being. He is always on point and has made visiting this animal hospital much easier. Has often sent us home with meds at no cost and waived fees. The facility is clean and immaculate.     About a year ago we had the horrible experience of having two older male cats both come down with two serious cases of cancer within months of each other. Was a difficult time. Dr Snead did EVERYTHING that he could do to try to save them. Including overnighting one of them for weeks at no cost while administering care. When it became apparent we had to let them go, he made it as comforting as possible. He remained with us and I knew that he was feeling our pain - could see it in his face. Honestly not sure if we would have been able to make it through the situation w/o him helping us or standing by our side. He was amazing!    Dr Snead has that "it" factor hat makes him a great doctor. The animals also seem to connect with him and the staff. Have seen them calm right down when he or his staff handle them.     We now have new furry creatures in our family and we still continue to bring them to Sunridge. Would like to thank the entire staff and Dr Snead for being amazing people. Please keep up the good work - we appreciate it!
I love this place. Dr. Rosa is so good to my pets. But, today really annoyed me.  I have a sick cat. I called and asked if Dr. Rosa was available. They told me yes. I asked should I make an appointment and was told to just bring her in. When I got there they put me in a room. I waited about 10 minutes to be told that Dr. Rosa was never available till after 2;30. Nobody really seem to care that I drove all the way here with a sick, stressed out cat. I love the doctors but the girls up front need to get it together. Very unprofessional.
So the time had come where I had to say goodbye to a fury child of mine. I had an animal hospital in mind but figured I would call a few more (that received good reviews on yelp) just in case the price was a bit better..     An ice cube could have produced more warmth than the woman that answered the phone to "assist" me with my questions here at Legacy Animal Hospital.    The receptionist seemed annoyed that I was asking the prices for their services and stated that it would be "up to the doctor" if said services were needed or not.     I explained that my cat was at LEAST 16 years old, stopped, eating, along with some other health issues. (All of this as I'm sobbing on the phone just trying to get the information out of my mouth). The lady made it a point to say that if the services were NOT deemed "necessary", I would be charged the very minimum of $50 just for the "consultation".     I understand she is helping to run a business, but it's obvious that she is not a genuine animal lover.    I have read all of the other reviews and perhaps this woman at the front desk was having a bad day, but either way it upset me so much so I had to share the news with Yelp.     Hope future patrons of this establishment have a much better experience, on the phone and in person, than I did.
We brought our kitten (a 6 wk old stray we found in our front yard) in and she was seen by Dr. Costa.  We were less than impressed with her lack of warmth & caring for our little baby's situation.  We were told she was dehydrated and was put on IV fluids right away and should be kept kept overnight.  We were then told of the many tests she recommended, along with pricing like she was reading a fast food menu.  We told her we couldn't afford it, as I was unemployed, she then said we'll wait & see how she is in the morning and to call her @ 8:00 AM.  We did, there was no answer.  We called again @ 8:15, Dr was not available, we left a message.  We called again @ 10:15, not available.  We asked the Receptionist to go take a look at her, she said she was sleeping.  We called back AGAIN and was told that Dr Costa said she was "hanging in there", she did not come to the phone.  Finally got a call back and was told that she was "miserable", had diarrhea and was throwing up and since we couldn't afford to have the many, many tests that she recommended the day before, she said that "putting her to sleep wouldn't be wrong"!!!  We were heartbroken & appalled that she didn't seem to think she had a chance.  We went over and picked her up right away and decided to wait 24 hrs and see how's she's doing.  Dr Costa gave us no recommendations or advice at all, just said "good luck" and left.  Our kitten started eating canned food and drinking formula right away, she never threw up once after we took her home and the diarrhea was gone 2 days later!!  Here we are 12 days later and she is happy & healthy...running around and playing, her coat is shining and her eyes look great!!  The idea that a Professional Vet is out there recommending a death sentence for pets that can be saved is disgusting to us.  How many people in our situation have done what she suggested and put their beloved baby's down simply because they couldn't afford the obviously unnecessary tests she was recommending?
Dr. Terry Muratore and his staff do such a GREAT job.  They really do amaze me!  They are compassionate, caring, and they help animals find a home as well.  Every time I am there, they are trying to get a stray adopted.  They have good hearts.  The place is clean.  I have had my cats groomed there over the years as well.  I admit, I have had some bills there that would choke a horse, but there have been several times when I thought it was something serious, and it was next to nothing.  When Harry King retired(he was the original owner)I was devastated.  Then Dr. Muratore actually took service there to a new level.  Windmill and Pecos, 263-9004.
I took my tabby for his shots(1 year old)  This is the 3rd cat, Terry(Doc) has dealt with.  The other two lived to 20 and 21 years old thanks to him and his wonderful, caring staff.  Sure, they are always busy, but that's because Terry is that damned GOOD and that damned reasonable!  I thought Misa was sick, turns out nothing was wrong, thankfully.  How many vets are THAT honest and compassionate?  He is always getting strays adopted and truly cares for ALL animals.  He is the most honest, caring vet I have ever had.  I have had cats for 35 years, and Terry is the BEST there is...PERIOD!  There is no regret when you make him your vet.  263-9004, corner of Windmill and Pecos, near Del Taco!
This is my story and you can draw your own conclusions. Our cat was an outdoors cat, after six years of going outside she came home with a big gash on her belly. The wound area and her leg were swollen and bloody. My partner rushed her to the vet, and Dr. Costa received her. She told my partner that she will stitch her and everything will be fine. Which gave us so much hope; because we thought her condition was fatal, that's how bad it was. She had been like this for four days before she made it home and we feared the worst. After the surgery, the vet told us that she had to cut a lot of flesh to get rid of the dead tissue but that she will be fine.  My partner came to visit her and the assistant brought her out holding her by the upper body letting the belly with stitches and wound drainage hang, like if this would be a perfectly healthy animal that didn't go through trauma the previous day. My partner had to tell her, can you please handle her gently. When I went in to see her, the attendant was more delicate, but this is not even the point. When I saw my kitty she was in excruciating pain, she smelled as if she was rotting from the inside out, (she didn't smell like this when we first brought her in, but we understand that her condition could have deteriorated even after surgery). My partner and I prepared for the worst, but the vet looked me in the eye and told me that in the worst case scenario she would have to do another surgery to remove more dead tissue, which I was fine with, because money was not an issue. She even said I might be able to take her home in two days.  We brought her in on a Thursday, we visited her Friday and Saturday, on Sunday the vet called us to let us know that she was improving slowly, but she still had a fever. On Monday, I called twice in the morning to enquire about her health. They told me Dr. Costa will call me when she had a chance. She called at 4.50 pm, and told me that my kitty had eaten a little by herself, that the fever was going down and that the second surgery was most likely going to be necessary and to call her the next day to discuss that. I was very happy with the news obviously.   At 5.20pm I received another phone call from the Dr. Costa saying that she went to feed her, she took a breath and collapsed and she couldn't find a heart beat. THIRTY MINUTES after getting a good prognosis my cat died. Needless to say I'm devastated, hurt, enraged and feel cheated.  My kitty suffered a lot,  I feel that she wasn't handled properly, they didn't even put a cone collar to prevent her from licking the wounds, which I see all the time on sick pets, including my neighbor's kitty when he was neutered, which is a simple procedure. This facility is too busy, they can't offer a personalize service, and I don't trust this vet. I will never take another pet there.
"YOU MISUNDERSTOOD WHAT WE MEANT!! THERE IS A FEE FOR FOLLOWUP!!  /\/\/\/\-- Same thing as VW.  I read the review and went, figured if I got them to confirm actual costs a few times I wouldn't get zapped.    WRONG.  I went, got Logan checked out, bought $150 worth of meds and services, Vet assured me that "She won't charge for the 30 day checkup- it's a WEIGHT CHECK"    Went in 28 days later to weigh him (on my own)  confirmed AGAIN that the checkup I was scheduled for 2 days later was FREE    Went in for actual scheduled checkup, walked out since there was supposedly no charge, got a call saying I skipped out on $24.95.  I said I confirmed 3x the follow was supposed to be no charge and they pulled the "well that was WEIGHT check, for looking in his ears it's $24.95"    Not in the context of the first 3 conversations and confirmations I had.    Oh well, guess it's time for another Vet.  Hate that "billing mistake" crap and I'm not gonna subject myself to it.    PS --  am I off or when was the last time you had the VET ask for your SSN#?      If you guys at the ARK are reading this, all that info is bogus, I'm not giving you my SSN and personal info.  My credit cards and cash are all you need.  Sorry, but that's not your business to know.    rjp    EDIT: Answer to Becky below:  Becky, asking for my SSN isn't for "identification"- it's so you can blackmail and threaten customers with collections and ruined credit if they don't pay those sudden follow up fees you promised were free...    Nice try tho.
Hiya,     Dis is the garden cat known as Troibos Da Tippytappz.     Momz takes me here freaking out with emergencies ouchies. Momz has nots founds a good vets- other vet she took the flat face monstor to (you know dis one as "pug") and says she doesnt like. Good- longer time I skip my checkup.     Oh yes, di emergencies. I peed on Momz clothes and she was mad when I peed on her chair. I was giving her that as a sign I hurts so she made appointment to check up. Dadz not happies eeee thors. A few hours later, I no feel so well. Momz held me and it hurt so I pawed at her face to get awayz and ran to my hide place- the bathtub with my blue blankie. She calls gran maws and great grand maws. I hate rides. I dont know what the flat face talks about rides so nice. I screech at momz to show displeasurz at rides and this cloth box.     Vet office was scary but they finish fast. He opened di mout and look at my bootiful eyes and he poked my leg with something ouchie. I thought this place was for feel bettows? Then I get taken home and for two weeks mom gave me "the stick" with the pink candy. I noe likes dis candy so I make the squint face as Momz to report da displeasurez. Where is good food? I can haz cheeseburger and bundt cakez?     I dont know what happens, but then I feel bettows and back in di garden ordering da birds around. Yays!  Maybe he rubs da head and uses magick? I saws that on Green Mile. I no see Jerry Gumfory on the Tee Vees, but it works sames.     Oh Momz says that the price is reasonable. That means more fish dinnerz for meeesss. I like.
Got a free vet visit for check-up for my kitty when I first got her. They were so sweet with her :) Vet prescribed some ointment for some kind of infection that she had, and she was good as new within 3 days. They called to see how things were going within a few days, which I thought was really nice. If shots and everything wasn't as expensive as it is, I would have came here for all of her shots and everything, but I went to animal foundations for all of that. But if theres any case where I have to bring my cat to a vet for anything, I'd consider taking her here.     I'm not really fond of the area though, but then again, I was new to Vegas so I didn't know what to expect.
I took my cat to VCA Nellis Animal Hospital. I explained my cat was having a hard time breathing. They took my cat while I was filling out paperwork. Afterwards, I waited in another room to talk to the Vet. I was presented with a list of actions to take to find out what was wrong with my cat that cost over $700. I said I could afford that. The vet wanted to do ex-rays which I have my consent to. I was told it would cost $179. They put my cat on oxygen without my consent and I was presented with a bill of over $300 which I paid. They keep my cat the from 11am to 6:30 pm. The vet recommend another $90 plus of medicine.   11 days later I took my cat to another vet. He wanted ex-ray for $189. In less than 15 minutes, he came back with the results. He said my cat's right lung was not functioning and was suffering. After I paid his bill, I realized VCA Nellis Animal Hospital had billed me $79 for the the "ex-ray" report that was not disclosed. I discovered later they are part of the VCA Animal Hospital Group. I believe the hospital on Nellis only cares about the money.They keep the cat there all day to bill me for oxygen because she certainly did not have it after I took her home. I could not be more disappointed and I will never use VCA service again. I regret taking my cat there.
Dr.  Steelman is one of the most dedicated medical professionals I have ever met.  She is very busy for a very good reason - she is a great vet. She and her vet techs and staff are there 100% for the cats - no drama, no overpriced nonsense.
Best cat Dr I have ever had. She knows & remembers their personalities, much love at this hospital. None lIke it I have ever seen, home to the unwanted cats. GREAT
I agree with pretty much everything everyone has already said. The Dr. is great, shows real concern for the cats, and gives excellent care. The service in the reception area is not great. There are tons of cats wandering around and the place smells like a litter box. I love that they try to rescue so many cats, but I wish they didn't let them wander in the reception area. My cat doesn't like unfamiliar cats so we have to go in a separate room while we are waiting so he doesn't get freaked out by the other cats. I think that the service and care shown here outweighs the negatives, and I plan to keep coming.
I have seriously mixed feelings about this place. But after reading the review by James L., I realized that I wasn't the only one who felt this way.    First, Dr. Steelman did help my sick cat come out of a very serious respiratory infection. I will always be appreciative of that. The fees are also very reasonable. They are probably some of the cheapest in town. I would give her treatment of my cat 20 stars if I could. But everything else outweighed the good.     It's almost impossible to get an appointment. And when you do get in you still have to wait upwards of an hour in the waiting room. This is where the problems really begin. The waiting room is filled with cats. I love cats more than most people, so you'd think this wouldn't be a problem for me. However, many of the cats were sick with god knows what. They cough, have drippy eyes and noses, and wander around jumping onto your lap and peering into your cat carrier.    Plus, the entire place reeked of cat urine. The smell actually made my eyes water. I understand that they have a lot of cats there and that they are doing their best to take care of them, but when you can't keep up with basics like litter maintenance, it's time to reconsider and make a decision. Her fees are so low, they could probably raise them up by about 10% to hire more part-time staff and still be the cheapest in town.    This place is probably ok if you're cat isn't particularly ill or vulnerable. But even if you are desperate for a cat-only specialist, I believe that that this is NOT the place to bring a cat who is immuno suppressed.
This is the only place I would take my cats - those people who complain about the "Poppy cats" otherwise known as the rescue cats need to get over themselves! Without Bonanza Cat Hospital and the dedicated people there all of them would have been killed long ago at the so called "shelters" here in town! The staff there has NEVER been anything but wonderful and attentive to me and my animals - so maybe it was your snotty and rude attitude that was the problem, not the staff at Bonanza. Yes, sometimes you have to wait - there is only one Doctor and she is busy.  There is only one receptionist and she is busy. They are busy because they are amazing! Dr S. remembers all her patients, she does her best to take care of every patient in a timely manner but, given that it is a vet office there are emergencies and some cats need more time to treat.  If you want a caring, compassionate, vet this is your place. If you are impatient, a jerk or not compassionate enough to care about homeless/disabled cats please, go somewhere else.
My cat is 16-years-old and she has seen Dr. Steelman almost all of her life.  Dr. Steelman is the best vet I have ever had and I am 67 so I have seen more than my share.  She is very concerned about my cat's well-being.  She has always taken the best care of her.  Now that my cat is so old, she needs Dr. Steelman more than ever to deal with her joint issues.    Yes, Dr. Steelman does have many cats residing in her practice.  They are not aggressive.  In fact, they are very docile and very clean.  My cat does not like other cats but she tolerates the waiting room just fine.  You can be sure that if any cat appears to you like it has infection, Dr. Steelman is giving it antibiotics or other treatment so it could not spread to other kitties.  If the people that talked about the cats having dripping eyes had the same compassion that Dr. Steelman has, they would not make remarks like this.  Who would these kitties have if they did not have Dr. Steelman.    I have never been treated like a number.  Yes it is a busy place but the receptionists are great and Dr. Steelman spends a lot of time with you and your pet.    Please do not hesitate to take your kitty to Dr. Steelman.  You won't be disappointed.
I came here to bring my cat to get spayed before reading any reviews. It was one of the most affordable places i could find, and I am more than satisfied. The only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because I was told to be there at 830 on a saturday for drop-off, and was not let in until 9 am. They let me pick up my cat on a sunday when they are closed, so I will say that i did not feel like I was treated like a number. I love cats, so I don't mind the cats in the waiting area. To me, none looked sick or like they had an infection. They all looked healthy. As for the reviews about the place smelling like a litter-box, I had no such experience. Walking in I didn't smell much trace of cats. The cats wandering around are very friendly and love attention. I arrived just as they opened and did not have to wait more than 5 minutes to get through dropping my cat off.
Dr Steelman is the BEST cat vet in Las Vegas.     I don't mind the other cats in the lobby because (to me) they represent just how much love is working in this place. Being a vet is probably one of the most difficult career choices a smart, talented, and compassionate person can make. The fact that Dr Steelman has managed to create such a great (and true) Urban Legend about HER care of these cats in Las Vegas speaks volumes. She's wonderful through ALL the phases of a cat's life...even when you have to say good-bye.     Yes, there's sometimes a wait. Yes, sometimes the staff doesn't get to the "accidents" quickly enough to avoid odor. But hey, where else in town can you go, sit in a chair and have THAT many loving furry faces just waiting for you to say hello? Visit with these critters for just a little while and see just how lucky YOU (and the cats you have) are.    My way of helping is to donate to The Poppy Foundation - because Bonanza Cat Hospital takes care of all those beautiful creature that roam around the office. They can ALWAYS use donations of cat food, towels, newspapers, and money. The receptionist will be delighted to give you a tax receipt if you ask.
Dr. Steelman at Bonanza is simply put, in my opinion the very best (and fairest) cat vet in Las Vegas. She is very, very knowledgeable and very compassionate. I'll take any and all of my cats to Dr. Steelman until the end of time.
They let me adopt a very sick cat, and told me he was healthy. I kept calling them and telling them he was lethargic, not eating or drinking much,  hiding quite often, and was so weak he could hardly move.I kept calling them, as I could tell there was something wrong, and they shrugged it off. I later  realized, they knew he was sick, and wanted to get rid of him before they moved to a new location. I fell in love with him, and he died a horrible death while I was out of the house, 16 or 17 days after I adopted him. They should be ashamed of themselves!
Bonanza Cat Hospital is where I take all my cats.  I am very happy with Dr. Steelman and they have a new building which is much larger and new. They have rescued lots of cats and they take care of them all. She is also reasonable with prices. I'm sorry they moved further away but it's a great building.
I take all my cats to Bonanza Cat Hospital.  They are very knowledgeable and compassionate.  They have a knew building which is much bigger and I like it. I recommend this vet to others with cats.
This location is closed and they have moved to a new, much larger and nicer location:    6620 Sky Pointe Drive, Las Vegas, NV 89131    The waiting area is much larger, and the majority of the cats are in their own room.
I would like to offer my comments on Dr. Steelman and my recent encounter with Bonanza Cat Hospital.    I have several rescued cats.  I recently put down my oldest Las Vegas-rescued cat (because of renal failure) in early August at VCA Rancho.  I also lost a human--a dear friend and housemate of 20+ years--to cancer at the end of June.    My cat, Fluffy, aka Mr. Fluff, a Maine Coon cat who showed up with his brother at my back door 5 years ago, began developing weakness in his left rear leg.  I took him to VCA Decatur Aug. 21 (they had closed Rancho), and they took numerous x-rays and provided a radiologist's report plus treatment for an eye discharge and ear mites.  The x-rays showed no broken bones.  The vet prescribed Prednisolone, an anti-inflammatory.    I thought everything's peachy:  somehow Fluff just injured the soft tissue and he'll bounce back in no time.    He didn't.    I work driving cab in Vegas.  The shifts are 12 hours; my days are 13 hours; I'm gone from home 14 hours.  I've had to add additional hours since my housemate died, and I work 5 shifts/week.  I'm off Monday and Tuesday.    By Monday, Sept. 11, Fluffy, although using the litter boxes, was barely able to get up.  Apparently, his right rear leg was now affected.  I researched many, many vets on web.  VCA is definitely competent, but I feel that they pad their bills and possibly overcharge.  Maybe a casino executive can afford their prices; I can't.    I made an appointment Tuesday, Sept.12, at Bonanza to bring in Fluffy the following Monday.  By Wednesday, Sept.13, I was panicked.  Fluff couldn't get up all day Tuesday (Sept. 12) and he was urinating in his bed.  I researched his condition most of Tuesday night on web, got very little sleep, and appeared at Bonanza when they opened at 7:00 a.m. bursting into tears.  They told me to bring him into their care immediately.    Dr. Steelman called me Wednesday night at work to say that she was waiting for test results.  I saw Fluff both Thursday and Saturday mornings before going to work; Friday Bonanza had a full house and couldn't accommodate me with a room.      Dr. Steelman called me at the end of my shift Friday night around midnight.  Fluff was rapidly developing paralysis elsewhere.  We discussed options.  I elected to put him down.  Fluff died yesterday, Monday,  Sept.16, with the gentlest care I've ever seen a vet give a cat.  Dr. Steelman literally picked up Fluff, my gentle giant, and cradled him in her arms to take him away.  Her best guess?  Lymphoma.    Am I a fan?  You bet.  The rest of my cats will go to her for care.  The bill?  Unbelievably affordable.    Yes...the place does have a strong smell of cat--not litter box.  You can't have so many cats without a smell.  I saw only healthy cats.  Even one apparently in renal failure looked healthy and full of energy!!  I showed up at 7:30 a.m. Monday morning only to find out my appointment was 7:30 p.m.  At 7:30 a.m., staff and assistants were cleaning; at 7:30 p.m., staff and assistants were cleaning and feeding.  I have nothing but the highest respect for Dr. Steelman and her staff who work constantly and diligently to take care of and provide a home for so many cats.  They are moving to a larger facility next month.  If this story touches you in any way, please contribute to her Poppy Fund for stray/abused/broken cats.     Bottom line?  In a cold city where people don't matter let alone feral, broken cats and where nothing matters except acquiring money, Linda Steelman showed me a rare, rare exception.  She not only loved my cat and took great care of him, but the manner in which he was euthanatized was gentle on me, too.
I've been taking all my cats to Bonanza Cat Hospital for the past 16 years.  Dr. Steelman is a SAINT!   She's a wonderful doctor who does everything possible for the cats.     I've read some of the other reviews "complaining" about the "sick cats" wandering around the hospital.   Well, you folks will be glad to know that Dr. Steelman has solved that problem -- SHE BOUGHT A BUILDING WITH HER SAVINGS and interest free LOANS.    The new address is:  6620 Sky Pointe Dr, Las Vegas.    This woman loves the cats.  The cats in question are part of the POPPY FOUNDATION.  They are cats that have been abandoned.   Many times during the 16 years I've been going there I've heard customers say "...the cat is sick - put it to sleep...".   Dr. Steelman will NOT put a cat to sleep if the illness is treatable.  She would only put a cat to sleep if it was to put the cat out of pain/misery.    The new building has a whole separate room for the POPPY CATS.  Visitors are always welcome and encouraged.    As far as being difficult to get appointments.  It is - she's the best - everyone wants to bring their cats to her.   Dr. Steelman doesn't work 9 - 5.   She's often at the hospital late into the night - midnight or later.   Yes, you might have to wait when to come to the hospital - Dr. Steelman doesn't rush patients.    Just know that while you're gumbling about how long it's taking that when it's YOUR TURN Dr. Steelman will spend as much time with YOUR cat as needed too.    Wayne B.  I'm sorry you adopted a sick cat.   I find it difficult to believe that the staff at Bonanza would just shug off symptoms of illness.    I've even had Dr. Steelman call and tell me to bring in a cat on Sunday (when they're closed) because the cat was sick.    And for those who really can't wait for appointments.  Dr. Steelman allows people to schedule "drop offs".   You bring your cat in the carrier between certain morning hours and Dr. Steelman will examine the cat when she gets free time during the day.  The cats are monitored by the staff, so don't feel like your cat will be ignored.
Okay, I've been in this town nearly 30 years... and I've always had cats.. and I've always needed a good vet.  I thought I had a good vet until I met the people and doctors at Bonanza Cat Hospital.  There are no finer people to care for your cat.  They truly are more concerned about the well being and health of your cat than the money in their pocket.  They are wonderful!  When my old vet would have charged me over $800 to save the life of my elderly kitty, BCH only charged me waay less.  I can absolutely afford to take my kitties to the vet now that I've found Bonanza Cat Hospital.  The POPPY FOUNDATON at the Bonanza Cat Hospital too, is a beautiful place.  If you're feeling stressed, just stop in for some kitty loving.  Nothing calms the nerves like spending some time in a roomful of warm fuzzy love.  I couldn't recommend them more!  Thank you Dr. Steelman and Dr. Lemon for all you do
I've been taking my cats to Dr. Steelman for 15 years.  I was always a huge fan of her work in the community.  I am deeply disappointed in my last dealings with that place and Dr. Steelman. My cat was very ill, and you NEVER can reach anyone there. They NEVER return your phone calls. You wait HOURS to pick them up.  Then when you do, if your cat is still sick, and you have questions, THEY STILL DON'T return your calls. HOW SCARY. The receptionist keeps saying we are VERY busy. SO is the VA hospital and people DIE!     If you are VERY BUSY then our poor family members get forgotten.  Vodka Ghilarducci (my 15 year old purr master) pasted away today 5/24/14 of fluid in the lungs and heart.  Rainbow Animal Hospital was able to detect his pain and laboring breathing that was so hard to watch. We chose to do the right thing. I will NEVER GO BACK TO THAT PLACE. After all as they say, "WE ARE VERY VERY BUSY"!!!!!  Keep that in mind when you bring your babies there!    Here is THE CLINC'S MISSION STATEMENT:  WE UNDERSTAND THAT YOUR CAT IS AN IMPORTANT MEMBER OF THE FAMILY.    How is this EVEN possible when you DON'T call your clients back? How is this possible when you admit to being TOO busy?   Simple common sense say NOT!
I have been bringing my last 3 cats since 2003 or so to Dr Steelman.  I agree she's a Saint!  She works unreal hours and would always provide the utmost attention.  In fact, one of my adult cats was going to be put to sleep by another ER location for pets after spending a thousand dollars.  I decided to try Dr. Steelman first-she not only took us in immediately, she helped that cat live another 4 years with minimal cost by comparison!  I never Ever felt rushed considering how busy they were.  She knew my kittie's personalities and histories so well- I couldn't help but feel my cats had a better PCP than I ever did!  I had to move out of state and am only praying the next vet I am about to see is half as wonderful as Dr. Steelman and her staff, notably Linda who always followed up as well!  I used to bring my family to see the Poppy Foundation pets bc they are huge animal lovers too.  It's a beautiful experience to be surrounded by affectionate kitties.  Having worked with hospice and pet therapy, this was tremendous.  Kudos and best wishes to this foundation!  (Elisabet Lizzie Romero)
I wish I was not writing this review in the wake of putting my sick cat to sleep, but that's a sad reality some pet owners have to face, and it's so important to choose a place you can trust with your beloved little family members in sickness and in routine checkups.     My husband and I were glad we chose this hospital.  It's very clean and professional, and the staff were efficient and kind.  I didn't have an appointment, but was able to see the doctor within minutes.  For every treatment, you will be given price estimates.  At first, I freaked and became afraid that I was being cheated when I saw the long list of suggested tests.  But when I looked at the breakdown in a calm way, I saw that the doctor was just offering all of the best tests and treatments available to pinpoint the sickness.  And I was able to ask questions and then decide which ones I was able to afford and still give good care to my cat.  No one there ever made me feel pressured at all, and I appreciated how the doctor spent a lot of time with us explaining the test results and showing us medical texts about our cat's condition.    In the end, there was no hope for my cat, and they handled the euthanasia very compassionately and gently.  I will bring my other surviving cat here for any needs that may arise in the future.
We have taken our pets (4 Pomeranians and 2 domestic cats) to the Craig Road Animal Hospital for grooming, shots and examinations for the last 8 years and have never had a problem.  Both the staff and the doctors have always been very pleasant and professional.
I just moved to Las Vegas with my two daughters and two boxers.  A few months later after we moved, one of my boxers had bad allergies, and I took her in to see what could be done.  Upon seeing her, doctor gave us six different medications that cost $500; what was worse though was she gave the wrong dosing amount that made my boxer act like she was in a coma.  (thank god she said it was a strong medication and to keep an eye on her)  When I called to relate what was happening, all she said was "oh $h^T" and that the lables instructions were wrong.
Okay so I took my 6 month old pup here because she was coughing on and off. It almost sounded like she was trying to cough something up which scared me. After waiting about 20 mins (not bad) it was after work around 6:30pm - they brought us into the room where the doctor came in after about another 20 mins. The doctor then said she was breathing normally but recommended ax X-ray to make sure. Okay fair enough scan her. The results came back fine but said to put her on antibiotics because it could be kennel cough. The trip was about 200 including antibiotics but to me it did not sound like he was that educated. Will probably not return.
The facility is very nice and so is the staff but what really turns me off is receiving 2 quotes for a neuter (35bucks) then leaving with a 170 dollar bill. I don't get why it's so hard to mention that there will be additional fees or to state that neuters START at 35. I'm guessing that's for no anesthesia? Someone clue me in! Also my boyfriend had dropped my cat off and he told me they told him he NEEDED to get the cat chipped. That's an extra 40 dollars.  I feel like they're car salesmen! Selling extras! He told them the cats are indoor cats and don't need it and the lady told him it's needed. If I was present I would've said NO THANK YOU. I guess I'm just really annoyed about receiving two quotes for 35 and NO MENTION  of any additional charges. I'd like to give you five stars but I don't even think I'll be bringing my female in for a spay here.
I will never take my kitties back here, EVER! This is pretty lengthy but if you read it, you will understand why:  On Monday 4/21/14 I came in for a simple ultrasound on one of my cat's abdomens- she had been vomiting for going on 5 weeks now- I had already gotten blood work and x-rays done with a previous vet which showed nothing- next step was ultrasound and then, possibly, surgery. Most vets don't have their own ultrasound equipment and time was of the essence at this point and since Craig Rd does, I simply just wanted the ultrasound so we had some kind of jumping off point of, if they had to do surgery, which organ(s) are affected   I  brought my cat in at 640pm (after work and getting copies of her records), we waited for a room for approx 30 mins, no problem. When we got into a room, I was told it'd be another 45 mins before I could see someone. I was fine with this as I just needed some kind of answer for her. After 30 mins, a tech came in, asked me a bunch of questions and left. 20 mins later Dr. Calloway came in and asked me the same questions and stated in the least compassionate way that "we will just have to open her up and do exploratory surgery". Now, I was not opposed to doing the exploratory surgery but I wanted the ultrasound in addition to this to see upfront which area they need to explore. I was trying not to put my cat through any more than she needed. Dr. Calloway went on that they needed to do x-rays and blood work again- what for? I just had these tests done not even a month ago when she first started getting sick. She said exploratory surgery is the only way to be sure since I have done everything else. If this is the case, why did she feel it necessary to rerun tests we already did if they just wanted to slice and dice her? Now it was nearly 8pm and she informs me that the vet who can do ultrasound is going home when I was told by the front desk staff that any vet could do this. So, I asked what the cost for this procedure would be (just curious) and she said "I'll be right back". Another 20 minutes went by and another tech came in with a printout of everything they wanted to do to her- x-rays, blood work, ultrasound (even though she said it wasn't needed) and on and on to the tune of $2700 and change. Really? And he says "Ok- so you're gonna leave her here with us tonight to do this surgery tomorrow." Umm, no! I already told the vet this- didn't she hear anything I said?  In the entire 2+ hours that we were there, not once did anyone even look at my cat! They don't even know what she looks like! All they did was talk to ME and not check on the patient. I would've got the same result had I shown up there myself without her. Why did I have to stress her out and have her in a kennel for over 2 hours, not even including the car ride there and back if they weren't even going to look at her, much less do the procedure I was specifically there for?? So, I left in disgust.   I wound up taking my baby, Panda, to Advanced Animal Care in Boca Park for the ultrasound that Thursday (1st available appt) and they found a blockage in her small intestine. Surgery was necessary so we scheduled that for Friday morning and they removed part of her intestine which was necrotic (dead), the blockage had blocked the blood supply and killed off that part of her. My point is, the ultrasound showed where they needed to "explore", and that is what I needed to know. Panda is home now and doing great! I would like to add that Advanced Animal Care, Dr. Pederson, saw nothing wrong with her blood work and x-rays and did not find it necessary to redo these same tests. She also understood the urgency of our situation. AND, since Panda had to stay overnight 3 nights, she actually stayed with her! Who does this? Vets don't typically stay with their patients. And the cost? $920- including pathology of the dead tissue, just to be sure. That is a far cry from $2700!   So, all I can say is, I will never go back to Craig Rd and Dr. Pederson at Advanced Animal Care will be my vet from this point forward because of the superior care she gave my baby. Please do your research and ask questions! Your pet is depending on you for it's life!   It is my belief that Dr. Calloway at Craig Rd. was trying to play on my emotions and get more money. My gut feeling about her is that she really didn't care about Panda at all and was all about the money. It's $185 for ultrasound with them- I paid $400 with Advanced Animal Care and you know why? It was worth the price to get it done right and in the long run, it cost me less and Panda got superior care.   I'm sorry this is so long but I wanted to be very clear about why I  will never step foot in there again. I just felt like they turned their back on me and her when we needed them and felt I was being taken advantage of with the situation.
I took my cat there for an open sore that she had on her leg. I told Dr. V that I suspected ringworm. He did a UV light test (quick, easy and no charge) and told me he didn't think that it was ringworm. He said there were more extensive tests we could do but that he suspected an allergy or that she was scratching and biting due to anxiety. He gave me two options, a steroid shot or a cream. The cream was about half the price of the shot so we went with that. I asked what he would do and he said he would probably go for the shot since the results were quicker but did not make pressure me to do it or make me feel guilty for choosing the cheaper option.     When I checked out the receptionist mentioned that if she had to come back in the next 3 months to be re-checked that there would be no fee for the office visit ($40). That was a big relief because an unexpected vet visit was already out of our budget so I was relieved to know that if the treatment didnt work I wouldn't have to worry about the cost of the office visit when bringing her back. Luckily though we saw improvement within a couple days and haven't had to go back.     Even though this office is not the closest to us I will always take my animals there from now on. I love that there weren't any hidden fees and I was informed of my options and not pressured or guilted into the most expensive treatment. And they were open on Sunday!    And I forgot to mention, no office visit fee if you are bringing your pet in for routine shots/vaccines.
Been coming here for over 10 years! Love these two docs and love how they simplify things for real life. They don't gouge you on their prices either. They provide proper care and do what's necessary. They are honest and matter of fact. If things escalate to where the price gets overly expensive, they lay out ALL of your options and help you make educated decisions about your pet's care. Thank you, Dr. V and Dr. Wilson and all of your wonderful, polite and friendly staff.
Island pet hospital is in a good location in the Albertson's plaza on Ann/95. The vets and techs are friendly and responsive. The vet used an ear thermometer on my cat, which I appreciated because my cat has been to the vet so often that I hate torturing her more than necessary.    I found Island Pet Hospital by searching for Holistic vets in Las Vegas. My goal was to find a holistic vet who didn't look or talk like a cheesy crystal and beads monger from Venice Beach. Dr. Goldman seemed perfect.    He is very friendly and knowledgeable and has a pleasant demeanor. However, he and I had severe disagreements about the nutrition of my cat. That's fine, and I wasn't surprised by it, but he was also more than a little condescending. He belittled me and assured me that he, and the good folks at Royal Canin, knew what they were doing, and that I, a mere cat owner, had no idea of the best way to feed my cat. Oh, and have a bag of this Royal Canin kibble. It's teh awesome!    Finally, I'm also concerned about the cat "boarding" area. Their boarding area for cats is reminiscent of the kennels at PetSmart where cats waiting for adoption are kept. I suppose this is ok, except that the kennel is kept in the front office, an area that is busy, loud, and drafty.
My cat has special needs. She 'specially needs a breath mint. Her breath has smelled like her butt for years, but recently it was noticeably worse so naturally I thought her insides got turned around and that it was time to go to the vet. A coworker recommended Dr. Park and Courtyard and I couldn't be happier.      I have a hairless cat and sometimes they come with their own set of interesting problems. As it turns out kitty's insides did not get turned around! She was just in desperate need of a cleaning and required a few tooth extractions. I dropped her off one morning, and by early evening kitty was hairless and partially toothless with a clean bill of heath ... and better smelling breath.    Dr. Park is truly a wonderful vet!
Like most of us that love our pets like our children, I was so impressed with the ladies at the desk and Dr. Brooks too. We had to put down our sweet Sheba. Calico persian girlie kitty  we've had in our family for 13 years. This was devastating but EVERYONE at Sun City Animal Hospital was super sincere and kind and helpful. I couldn't have made it thru this process without their help. Also, they are always open, the prices are really fair and they really really care about our loved critters. Convenient location near Fresh n' Easy on 9320 West Lake Mead. Dr. Ashley Brooks is amazing. Very sincere, Extremely well educated and Compassionate. I've been to Vets in San Francisco, Marin County and many here in Vegas. This is as good as it gets. Our critters deserve THE BEST. Go in and check them out. Bettye Terry
Every time I take my cats here I regret it.  My oldest cat needed to detox his kidneys so they recommended he be admitted to the hospital for IV.  For three days I would call to check on him, every time being told in a cold, short tone that  "he's fine".  WOW, thanks for your compassionate, caring customer service!  $600 later I took him home empty handed without any aftercare instructions, no explanation of what was done to him, and no proof that his toxin levels were even reduced.  No one gave me direction with the new prescription food they said i needed to buy.  just sent me on my way without even saying goodbye!  When I called to complain I was told the Doc would call me.... that never happened.  I recently took another chance with Sun City animal hospital,  taking my kitten in for soft paws, aka kitty acrylics.  The first time they did an ok job, placing the caps on all four paws without me specifying.  Today, i waited two hours for something that only takes 20 mins, paid full price even though I brought in my own caps, then drove all the way home, across town and realized once i got her out of the kennel that only her front paws were done! seriously!! I mean come on, how hard is it to look at a profile history?  Or  better yet ask me what I'd like done just so we are clear.  I shouldn't have to tell anyone how to do there job right.  NEVER AGAIN will i trust this place with my loved ones.
they took real good care of our Lucy cat...and were very professional and honest.  very small location, so don't be fooled or put off by the front.
We take our chihuahua to this location.  Dr. Knighton is extremely helpful and the staff is great there.  The new office looks great and prices are reasonable too.
After a long night of hearing Sharmin (my 3 legged cat) sneeze, I dropped by the VCA Spring Mountain Animal Hospital to have her checked out.  It was my first time at this animal hospital and their website provided a free first visit as some others do.  I read the other reviews here on Yelp and decided to check it out.    Dr. Knighton was very pleasant and knowledgeable.  The visit to the vet was informative and the medication was reasonably priced.  The free first visit resulted in a savings of a little over $50 and I'll be coming back with Sharmin for a check up soon.    Also, they open at 7am which makes it one of the earlier opening Animal Hospitals here in Vegas which can come in pretty handy if you work a swing shift! :)
New cat from the animal shelter and we could get a free check up at VCA hospitals.  I dropped in with the new one, Haule, and had a check up.  I had been told he was about five months old, but the Vet told me he was a little bit younger based on his teeth.      He was in good health and they encouraged a booster vaccine, free as well, in two weeks.  So I knew I would be back.  There are no appointments, just walk in, their hours are long and seven days a week including Sunday's.  The staff were friendly and prompt.  I have used the VCA hospital system in Hawaii after my Vet retired and he recommended it, but when we moved to Las Vegas, I went to a couple of different animal hospitals.  I am very fond of Durango Animal clinic, but VCA on Spring Mountian is an excellent backup!
Always an hour wait. My cats would get sick every time after coming home from here. They are strictly indoor cats. Also way over priced even on the half off days.
I've adopted a cat from the Animal Shelter. She is beautiful and nice:)  I went to this place for a Free First time checkup.  It was just such a nice opportunity so I went. Even though I made a reservation, I had to wait about 1.5 hours. (including waiting in the private exam area for the doctor)     However, everyone was nice. Doctor was very friendly. The check up was very short but his assistant, front desk agents and doctor pointed out few characteristics of the cats and individual uniqueness of my own cat. since it was my first time owning a cat, it was very nice to learn more about my cat. I found out that my cat could be a different breed, had a shorter tail (half...) , and slight thinner than average cats. Which helped me to know more about my cat.     Since this hospital is open for everyone so there is no guarantee for the wait time but I am sure they take of emergencies first.    Except that the fact that there isn't a guarantee of the wait-time for regular check ups, everything else was good. I am going back for vaccine & maybe pet hotel next week !
Dr. Wallace!!! YOU ARE THE BEST VETERINARIAN EVER!!!     My cat got out and was attacked by a neighborhood cat and I could tell he wasn't doing so hot. So I brought him to All About Cats and they didn't even check his wound...they wanted to do some kind of EXPENSIVE surgery on his bladder (he's only 3 years old and only eats the BEST organic grain food money can buy)...I decided on taking him to VCA Animal Hospital... and they helped me treat his INFECTION!!! He had a FEVER and had a huge PUSS filled wound on his butt...they had to do an inexpensive surgery to clean it out, and they gave me everything i needed to continue to clean it. Dr. Wallace even gave me LESS EXPENSIVE options if I couldn't afford surgery!!! The doctors at VCA Animal clinic actually cared about my cat, and weren't trying to charge me an ARM AND A LEG to treat my cat for some CRAZY ASSUMPTION!!!     ALWAYS GET A SECOND OPINION!!! I'm SURE GLAD I did!!!    Thanks VCA Animal Hospital
The petinary is not exactly a modern place.  The desk is always staffed by a little hippie girl, and the main vet has some odd assistants and isn't the most smiley guy in the world.  But he absolutely saved my cat's life.  He gave me great advice, trained me how to give her the rather extensive home care that she needed, rather than stay in the "hospital" for weeks,   The bill, while a bit difficult to swallow, was way less than any of the other vets in town would have been, the places where they walk around in scrubs as though they are working in a hospital.  When i couldn't cough up all the dough right away, they let me spread out the payments in a way I felt comfortable with.     My cat is now happier and healthier than she has ever been in her life, and she is 17 years old now.  I give full credit to the Petinary for a great diagnosis, treatment and general care.
We have two puppies and two cats, and Dr. Kohn, and his team have taken excellent care of them.  One of my puppies is a little spunky, and what really blows my mind is how they are able handle him, and keep him calm.  Do not go to the Petinary if you like saccharine personalities.  Do go if you want high quality, no-nonsense, and affordable care for your furry loved ones.
They've always been able to get me in, even on freakishly short notice, as when Lumpkin ate half an aloe plant and I panicked. It's not five stars because I think sometimes they recommend over-treatment, like a special diet for her "allergies" ("Live with it, Catkin," I said, and she agreed), but I'd rather they over-treat than under-treat.     Also, they have an agreement with the Dane Country Humane Society, so if you adopt a kitty there you get a discount on your first visit. The cats-only atmosphere is nice, too, as I'm not sure Lumpkin's reaction to a pit bull would be pretty.
Just finished my third visit here-- I was even more impressed how Dr. Pamela Sanfleben is now bonded with my cat better than I am !! She needed him out of his container and I was just going to reach in and pull him out . She stopped me and said " let's make this a good experience for him - it's like a natural birth v.s. a cesarian". I notice when I say we are going to the VET he cries and hides ( hat's what we called his last Vet) but when I say "Nooo we are going to see Pamela, " he comes out and smells his carry container :)  My cat gives her 5 stars!!  And folks my cat's health is improving because of a direct result of her awesome medical plan for him. I could not be more pleased !!!!
My cat was in a tough spot when I found  Dr. Pamela Sanftleben ( "Pamela" she asked me to call her ) .I found her looking at some reviews on the internet done with people with actual profiles not anonymous ones.  I was so impressed. The level of professionalism, warmth compassion and skilled knowledge I have found here. I would say the last attribute was most important to me because my cat was being treated for months and not getting well. Pamela knew how to attack the issue right away. She even saved ME! I had been cutting my cat's thyroid meds to save time through a very short conversation  with her she asked if I have been having thyroid issues.  MY GOD I WAS SHUTTING DOWN MY OWN THYROID BY PUTTING THOSE MEDS IN MY MOUTH! And looking back how did she figure everything out so fast?  She does this amazing Sherlock Holmes thing. Lots of wisdom in this doctor. TONS. She is so kind and wow they are fast about returning calls and emails lightening fast !  She gives very exact directions for things to do with the medicines and the future care past the visit you are in with her now...   Prices are VERY fair less than I was paying anywhere else.  I want to pay when I am getting the right treatment and I got a twofer me and the cat!   I was so deeply impressed when she took my cat's face and gazed into his eyes and he suddenly relaxed all over and she taked to him like I do ! She knows how to manage the health as well as the social and emotional aspects of my cat :)   My cat stopped meowing traumatized when we got there and never made a peep after. The waiting room is super big and super nice and relaxing...The building is a little hard to find with construction but please if you are questioning where to go or what to do next please try Spring Harbor! --
This is the best veterinary clinic I have ever been to. We have recently started taking our cats to this clinic to see Dr. Sigel ( I hope that is the correct spelling). He is super friendly, and super knowledgable. We found this place because we were quoted what we considered to be complete price gouge at a different clinic that we trusted for years. We felt that they were trying to take advantage of us so we called around. Thats when we found this clinic. All of the receptionists here are super friendly,  and get the feeling while inside that you are as close to being family with them as anyone can be whom are not actually family! The doctor comes out personally to speak with you and walk you into the exam room. They never waste your time by having you speak with a "nurse" (or whatever you call the people that normally ask you all of the questions about why you are there while keying it into the system, only to have you repeating everything when the doctor comes in). The feeling is just cozy and very personal. The prices are soooooo competitive here, and you won't find yourself having to break the bank to take care of the animals in your family. This will be our chosen Vet for as long as we live in Madison. Great staff, great docs, great service, great price!!!
Our 5 1/2 year old cat suddenly lost the ability to put any weight on her back legs. Of course this happened on Saturday night of Labor Day weekend. After an unsuccessful attempt to contact our regular vet, I found Exceptional Care for Animals after a frantic web search. Took our kitty in and ended up having her there for three days while they ran a series of diagnostics and continued to monitor her and care for her. Despite their best efforts, we were never able to nail down her ailment and she didn't respond to any of the treatments that were tried. We eventually had to make the terrible decision to put her to sleep. All the staff from the docs to the desk were very helpful and kind throughout our kitty's stay and especially during the very difficult last day we had with her. They gave us time to be with her before and after they administered her final dose of medicine. A few days later we received a sympathy card signed by the staff of the clinic.       Yes, our cat's stay ended up being very expensive. But such is the nature of emergency/critical care and I always felt like I was presented with a range of options at each stage of the process and never felt pressured into making a particular decision. I'm confident that our cat received the very best care during her stay there and was made as comfortable as possible. I wouldn't have done anything differently and I highly recommend Exceptional Care for Animals if your pet requires emergency care.
If you find yourself having to go to Exceptional Care, you're already in a predicament.  It's the emergency clinic for animals and I've found myself in need of their services three times now, and each time was pretty great.    The first time, my kitty was dying and had been stabilized at another vet but began vomiting when we returned home before they could do a full case analysis the next morning.  I took him here to get him restablized and they were very compassionate and thorough and went over his history of severe illness.  They patched him up and sent him home to buy us time until the vet the next morning.  I was impressed.    The second time, dear heavens, was Christmas Eve morning.  A whopping 1am and one of our cats started to have some kind of a seizure.  I remained on the phone with a family friend vet for an hour until be broke out of it (I couldn't touch him) and then bundled him up in -12 degree weather to venture out to the vet.  OF COURSE he was totally fine once we got there but in order to enjoy my holiday, I needed him to check out as being okay.  They indeed looked him over and told me he seemed as fine as I was observing he was.   We went over a million questions for a through exam about toxins, poisonings, environment, etc and nothing popped up as a problem.  We discussed blood work to look for a cause for seizures but we both agreed that everything we were looking for was profoundly unlikely.  I took kitty home with a comforting reassurance that he was okay and nothing major seemed to be wrong.  A nice neuro exam and physical suggested it was some random fluke and we had an enjoyable Christmas.    The third time we had to go was one of my cats was straining and had a stone.  This can be life threatening quickly.  I waited a while but wasn't overly impressed on the lax diagnostics on that trip.  I reconsulted with my vet on Monday and there was certainly more to the story than what the emergency vet had told me.  But they did give her pain meds to keep her comfortable for the weekend.    Also, their prices are PHENOMINAL.  They're cheaper than my every day care vet (even after hours) with a higher office visit fee but all of the prices are very, very reasonable.  I will continue to go here when I am in a bind and having a pet emergency, despite there being a closer emergency vet.  The cost, the care, and the staff are all great.
I am giving this vet 5 stars because Dr. Kay is great!!  You know how sometimes with check-ups, you feel rushed and not all your questions are answered completely?  Not with Dr. Kay.  She provided us with so much information about our cats (specifically about their diet and how to clean their teeth)  She gave us several different samples of new foods that we can try with our two cats.  She was very clear on the options we have for our one cat who has to get a tooth removed.  I really appreciated her thoroughness and passion for really taking great care of our pets.  I would highly recommend Dr. Kay to anyone.  Visit their website - free check-ups for your pet on your first visit!
As both Kate's and CW's reviews note, the vets themselves are great.  They seem to take their time, have a good "bedside manner" and are knowledgeable.  Both of my cats have FIV, so it's nice to find a vet that understands the disease and isn't scared-to-death of it.    However... as CW's review noted, the techs (specifically the receptionist) leave a lot to be desired.  The clinic is also extremely pricey - an office visit is now more than $50, and labwork for one of my cats with visit totalled more than $200... that's super steep.    I'd be happy to pay that if I felt good upon entering and leaving the place, but with the current receptionist, I don't.  She doesn't seem to listen or comprehend or remember much of what you say... case in point, starting with the reminder call for my appointment, which went like this:    Her: I'm calling to remind you of your appointment, on (day and time).    Me: Yep, I've got it on my calendar and thanks for confirming.  I'll see you then.    Her: We also need your correct address and phone number.    Me: I believe you have both of those - I get your reminder cards in the mail, and you just reached me on my primary phone.    Her: Well, we had a card returned as undeliverable.      Me: Sorry, my mailman is absolutely attrocious - he regularly mixes up my mail with other people's and vice versa.  I could give you my PO Box, which doesn't have any issues.    Her: What is that?    Me: (tell her my address)    Her: And what is your correct phone number?    Me: You called me on the correct number, so that's it.     Her: But it's not a 608 area code.    Me: I realize that.  I have two homes - one of them is not in Wisconsin.    Her: Ok, so what is your Wisconsin number?    Me: I don't have a landline at the house here.    Her: Well, we need a correct phone number for you.    Me: What's wrong with this number?  You reached me, correct?    Her: Ok, well, I suppose that's fine.  I don't know why you don't have a 608 number though.  And I show that "Anne" is still on your account, is that valid?    Me: No, sorry - I don't know and never have known anyone named Anne.    Her: Well, it's on your account, and since you've got a weird number maybe you don't remember this person?    Me: Sorry?  I don't know an Anne, and the info on my account is accurate - not sure why you're having such a hard time with it.    Her: We'll see you tomorrow.      Ugh.  So, I arrive at my appointment today, and the same lady "greets" me at the desk.  Again, she insists that I have to give her a correct address and a correct phone number.      I reminded her about our conversation from yesterday, and her response was that I was being "difficult" and that they had a very important mailing returned as "undeliverable."  (the important mailing was a special offer for discounted teeth cleaning)    I reminded her about the mailman situation and that I gave her my PO Box yesterday.  She then went back to the phone thing... like Groundhog Day... only I didn't have the option of dropping a toaster in my bathtub in an attempt to end it all.    It's frustrating on one hand, but the tone and demeanor is what really bothered me - accusitory, cold, and slightly condescending.  As such, I really don't feel like supporting a clinic that charges so much for "premium service."  Sorry.    So, as long as the "supplemental staff" remains abrasive and semi-inept, it's unlikely I'll return to CAH.  If the prices continue to rise, I definitely won't return.    And, as a side note, I've noticed that many WI vets appear to be "alarmist" and/or "super thorough" - I've had a few vets attempt to scare me into a bunch of extra treament, in the form of lab work, x-rays, and so on... Never have I experienced so much panic-inducing upselling before... Companion is pretty good about minimzing this, but they do seem to be overly thorough at times.  Again - not a direct comment/observation about Companion, but WI vets in general.  Take note.
My cats have been seeing Dr. Kay at Companion Animal Hospital for many years (probably around 8+), since we switched from another veterinarian who was inattentive to our needs.  I am always impressed by the level of service we receive, both for routine visits and when the kitties need more in-depth medical care.      Dr. Kay frequently goes above and beyond in her level of service, and always puts my cats' needs first.  While she will provide you with all of your treatment options, she is very understanding that cost can be a factor, and has always made me feel comfortable working within my budget while still doing everything necessary for my animals.  She is also open to integrating alternative medicine and more natural foods diets into an overall health plan.  A few years ago when my cat ended up in the emergency clinic, she even went to check on him the first night to see how he was doing (at no cost to us).    Office visits are currently $44 (another reviewer priced them at over $50), and you can print a coupon off on their web site for $5 off.  I've been to some vets where an office visit is over so quickly I wonder what I paid for, but Dr. Kay takes a lot of time with each client so I feel this is very reasonable.  The vets are also very accessible by phone when questions/concerns arise outside of an exam.    I highly recommend this clinic & Dr. Kay!
::UPDATE::  I have contacted the emergency vet and the owner, or anyone else, of Companion Animal Hospital has ever called them, despite what they say. It is also illegal in the state of Wisconsin to disclose information to a third party without the owner's consent. Which was very obviously not given.    Original post:  I hate this place more than I could ever possibly express. Their incompetence lead to my cat almost dying. I brought my cat in here TWICE and they couldn't figure out what was wrong with him. I paid for expensive tests and still nothing. I broke down one morning after my cat was peeing blood and took him to a local emergency hospital in a panic because I was terrified for my cat's life. They immediately diagnosed what my cat's problem was and proceeded to help him. They said if I had waited more than 12-ish hours to get him in, my cat would have died. If I could wish any business out of existence, it would be this place. They may be cheap and friendly, but they have no idea what they're doing. Please don't ever put your cat's well being in their hands.    In response to the owner: First, I'm the co-owner of the cat. The cat originally belonged to my boyfriend and now he is both of our's. Said ownership has even been registered with the city of Madison. Trying to discredit me by saying that my cat isn't my cat, is a terrible thing to do.    Secondly, I have the paperwork stating that there was blood found in his urine when he was brought in. Which I'm sure the emergency vet would have informed this person if they actually had called. The paperwork of my original "take home instructions" from the emergency vet even clearly states that bloody urine is a sign of my cat's disease.    Third, the emergency vet did say that there was a blockage of the urethra that could have ruptured the bladder if not handled that day. I remember the conversation clear as day as I was told to watch out for further blockages that may occur. I was informed that if it became a regular issue my cat would need surgery to widen the urethra to lessen the chance of blockage.    Fourth and foremost, I gave my cat the amount of medication told by this vet. The vet actually gave me antibiotics because they suspected the problem to be an infection. Something that the emergency vet almost laughed at. So far every vet I have mentioned it to said that they don't understand why they would have prescribed it. The extra medicine brought in (which was mentioned on my negative review on Facebook) was Nature Calm and Cosequin. Nature Calm appears to be a calming nutritional supplement and Amazon is showing Cosequin as a joint supplement. It looks as though it is a moot point seeing has how the medication has nothing to do with my cat's disease. And, again, no one had called Companion Animal Hospital saying my cat was doing better. Both my boyfriend and I hate this business for what they did.    Lastly, attempting to slander my name by saying that "vicious, graffiti-like attacks by third parties" is what is going on is pathetic. Again, I am one of the two owners of the cat. Not that it should even matter considering how I was there for every step of the way and was even the only decision maker at the emergency vet clinic. That would qualify me as a first party. This owner of the Companion Animal Hospital is clearly unable to provide an adequate defense of the situation and is resulting to name calling. The fact that the owner is trying to make this already traumatic experience worse is disgusting.    I also have serious doubts that this person ever called my emergency vet and will be placing a call to the vet later tonight. (Updated at the top)
I have taken my 4 cats to this hospital and never had any problems/ issues.   The staff is always friendly, caring and patient. From the front desk to the vet- everyone truly cares for my animals. The vet takes time to explain whats going on with my pet and discuss the treatment options. We've done surgeries at this hospital on two of the strays and the care was wonderful! I was worried all day and the staff let me go back and check on the kittens to ease my anxiety as they were recovering from surgery.   A couple of times we've had emergencies and they were able to fit us in right away. The only reason I'm not giving a "five star".. is the cost. I don't have the insurance, we pay as we go, and it gets to be a bit pricey-meds, tests.  I would totally recommend this hospital.
Great place to go in a stressful situation if you'd like to blow a couple grand and still not get a diagnosis!    I took my then 14-year old cat to this clinic last year on a Sunday with uncontrollable vomiting.  She's an indoor cat with no history of ingesting foreign bodies.  The initial vet I spoke to x-rayed her and performed blood tests which came up negative.  She was admitted for "overnight observation" on a Sunday morning as her vet was not available until Monday.  I was awakened by a 4 am phone call from another vet advising she needed "emergency" surgery that would cost $3500.  Why?  He didn't know, but stated since her vomiting was not responding well to medication, it was best to do the exploratory to look for this mysterious foreign body.  I insisted she at least wait a few hours until she could get an ultrasound at the adjacent clinic when they opened.  The ultrasound showed no indication of a foreign body or any other internal problems.    Later that morning, my own vet examined her and made an instant diagnosis of an allergic reaction to her new thyroid medication.   And yes, I had advised the emergency clinic of the medication, the dosage, and the length of time the cat had taken it, when I arrived.  She made a full recovery once back in the care of her regular doctor.      Had I not trusted my own instincts, I might have been influenced by the "expert" recommending this geriatric cat be operated on with no clinical indications.     However, don't be concerned about unauthorized medical treatment.  You are expected to pay for every test and treatment BEFORE they will do it.  I do give this clinic one star as the cat did manage to survive.
4 stars for this particular visit.    I never thought I would have cause to update this review since I had found another emergency clinic should the need arise.  However, they open at 5 pm and my cat began seizing earlier in the afternoon (she has terrible timing).  When she didn't come out of it, I reluctantly took her back to EAC hoping for the best, but truthfully expecting her to pass before I got her there.  She was still seizing 30 minutes later, but alive....and EAC kept her that way.    I suspected kidney failure (she's 19), but exam and blood work showed no obvious reason for the seizure.  They administered the appropriate sedatives to stop the seizure, kept her on fluids, and monitored her for the next 36 hours.  They suggested a neuro consult and made all the arrangements for her to be seen immediately at an outside clinic as well as an internal medicine consult at their own clinic.  We dealt with 3 different doctors and a handful of employees, and all seemed competent and genuinely caring.  We were also in the kennel area a few times and it appeared very clean.  They were also helpful when I called for advice after she was discharged.    No one called in the middle of the night wanting to do some "exploratory brain surgery" this time either.  In fact, I confirmed that vet is no longer there which was quite a relief.
The Staff at this location were SO nice and supportive when I brought my dying cat in early this morning. It is nice to have caring and empathetic animal people around when you have to go through this. I deal with this loss a lot in my line of work, but my own pets are my babies and this does not get easier. Thank You Scottsdale Staff for everything on this sad day.
As any pet owner knows, one of the most difficult decisions ever is to take a deep breath and decide the most humane and loving end-of-life scenario for a beloved pet. The time came for Peg and me this evening for our 15 yr old calico cat. Dr. Samantha at EAC (as well as the compassionate assistant in front) were the people that we absolutely needed in this time of our lives  Dr. S was caring, obviously interested in the best decision for our Trish, and helped us make a very necessary and painful decision. While I never wish decisions of this nature for anyone, if you are in need of support and a caring heart and head, I highly recommend this facility and Dr. Samantha!
I am so glad I found this place, and it's right across the street!  It's in Melrose, the quaint neighborhood on 7th Avenue between Indian School & Camelback.  Now, for the review:  My 15-year old cat, Spike, got sick.  I got an appointment the same day.  They were so caring there.  I got into a private room almost upon arrival and didn't wait long for the vet.  It was bad news:  his kidneys had failed.  They ran tests and I knew...KNEW...I would have to put him to sleep.  I had been preparing for this day.  The female vet put her hand on my shoulder, which is exactly what I needed. The vet loaded him up with fluids so I could have a few days with my Spike.  Turns out, the next day, he wasn't doing any better.  I immediately went back, tears streaming down my face.  I whispered "I need to put him down".  They immediately whisked me to a private room.  Everything was humane and the people working there were so caring!  They let me sit with him after he died and said they'd be back in a bit.  I was a wreck, but everyone came in and hugged me.  I wasn't charged an arm and a leg.  I had him cremated and they gave me a beautiful urn to go with Spike.  I highly recommend Alta Vista based on service, price, caring and the wide range of services they offer.  They also do day care and boarding!
I'm not sure whether to give this place 2 or 3 stars.     We have taken our pets to Alta Vista for vet stuff as well as for boarding.    As far as the medical stuff goes, one time the vet was very friendly and helpful and we were completely satisfied. Another time a different (and very creepy) vet tried to get us to do all kinds of unnecessary tests on our cat and recommended hitting her in the nose (wtf?) .    As far as boarding goes, the person we dropped our pet off to was great. She said call anytime to check up on our cat. I called twice. Both times I got a different person and both times they were very rude and acted like I was a bother.     When we went to pick her up we heard an employee yell "SHUT UP" very loud presumably at one of the animals in their care.     That being said, our cat seemed healthy and as happy as one could expect after being boarded for a few days.     There are good things and bad things about Alta Vista. I think a lot of it depends on what particular employees you get on your visit.
The staff are friendly and helpful.  They seemed really concerned when my cat got sick.  The doctor personally called me when my cat was in the hospital overnight because of kidney stones.  They did follow up calls as well.  Plus the doctor was named Sean Penn, though I don't think it was actually the actor.     The hours are wonderful.  I would recommend this business to anyone.
Very caring vet.   I have been going to a different vet for years. They always seemed to be about money are never worked with me on payments for expensive surgeries after been a customer for years.   A friend recommend Alta Vista to me.  My first visit was with my cat that had been loosing a lot of weight and now not eating. My old vet wanted to charge me $500 for an ultrasound which  I could not afford.  I went to Alta and they vet was so nice to me and the other employees really cared about my cat. The vet had a feeling my cat was terminal and actually did a quick ultrasound to see if she could see anything drastically wrong and she did not charge me for a quick peek as the other costs of the visit were very high already.  I was not looking for free care... I was looking for a place that puts an animals health worthiness above money though.  I ended up having to put my cat to sleep he was diagnosed with cancer. They were very sensitive to the situation and gave us all the time we needed before and after the medication was given.   They are not close to me in fact they are about a 30 drive from my house but I will not go anywhere else again.  Finding a vet that cares like they do would be a rare find.
I have brought a few of my pets here for emergencies and they always get the best attention.    It started when my cat got run over in the early morning and I was running around all over Phoenix trying to find a vet to see him right away. The only emergency clinic in Phoenix, on Glendale, was busy. The vet couldn't see him. I was recommended this hospital by one of the assistants at the emergency clinic. I took him there and they saw him with some wait time, but understandable. They saved his life. He had to have his leg amputated but they did a great job and he is now healthy and happy, running all over the place.     Same goes for my beagle, who caught valley fever. They diagnosed him and put him on medicine pretty quickly.     I really appreciate this clinic. The wait can be difficult at times, especially if you have appointments, but they do see emergencies first.     Definitely recommend in emergency situations.
It was a first time I had to take one of my pups to the hospital and it was extremely serious. The staff and doc took great care of my little one and was awesome about communicating everything to us. The doc was great about personally calling and then also following up 2 weeks after. I would recommend taking your animal here.
Five stars? Yes. Because all I know is that when I took my dearest darling baby in he was in pain, and two days later he was normal again.     Leo, my sweet Maine Coon, started making weird licking-the-air motions and was drooling...that's not ok. I was (inwardly...ok and a little outwardly) freaking out.  After trying to locate a place with extended hours in the 'hood (thank you handy dandy Yelp app!) 30 minutes later me and hubby took our "little one" (he's not even slightly little) to the Alta Vista Vet Hospital.     I think we sat in the waiting room about 20-30 minutes. So we spent that time letting Leo get acquainted with his surroundings. We were then ushered into an exam room, Leo walked around, didn't seem too upset about the ordeal and waited maybe another 5-10 minutes for his exam. Which went awesomely. They are so good with kitties! I mean, sure, some of the credit has to go to his parents who raised him to be so respectful of people who are trying to help him...but I digress.    Turns out the poor baby had a back tooth fall out and it was looking swollen and raw. Since kitties can't really lick their back teeth, he was trying to massage it by licking outward (isn't he clever?!) They gave us pricing and estimates for dental work, gave Leo a time-released pain killer shot and gave us liquid antibiotics to keep him from getting a nasty infection of the tooth.  She (the vet) said if he gets better in the next couple of days it isn't anything to worry about, but if not, he may need to get an extraction done...and probably a cleaning.    This was on a Friday at 7 or 8 pm. By Monday our sweet, goofy boy was back to his old shenanigans (teasing his bratty sister and running rampantly through the house), no more air licking, no more plaintive mewling like "Yo! This feels bad! Whatcha gonna do to help a brother out, Mom?!", and the world is a little bit brighter again.
They have the most caring staff here. They never think I'm overreacting when I am concerned about either of my cats.  They treat us like apart of their family and even call us a few weeks later to see how were doing.  I have never found a place a good as this one. I recommend this place for anyone and everyone from regular visits to emergencies. The front staff is always my favorite because they engage you in conversations and are always very happy to help or just to chat if you call with a concern.
During a terrible time I was so grateful for this hospital. They were open late, compassionate, patient, and reasonably priced. Dr. Burke and the staff treated my cat with respect and kindness while being honest with her prognosis and providing alternative options.
I first took my border collie mix to Alta Vista to be spayed. They took such good care of her. The staff was friendly, timely, and informative. There was an issue with the price of the medication and they worked to find me alternatives that would help bring the price down.     I then brought her back for updates on all her shots and some light grooming. I received phone calls from the doctors asking me questions and giving me information.     But Alta Vista has been great even after I moved out of town. They were kind enough to contact another kennel and provide confirmation of her vaccinations, when I was unable to locate a copy.     I highly recommend you give them a try.
My poor little Harley, has to get a few shots and had some bladder issues, the vet was so nice to my cat, and keep on mind Harley dislikes everyone but me, sadly for me he bit the vet and the groomer when I was there, but they took good care of him and I  glad he is feeling much better
I find them to be reasonably priced. They were friendly to me and my cat even though my cat was as nasty as possible.  They put up with him and treated him with respect and dignity in the face of his complete nastiness and ferocity. He even scared me. He was ill and they made sure he was feeling better, even after the visit. My cat is doing better now. I consider them my "go to" vet at this point.
On the recommendation of iain B. I took Bo in for his check-up, vaccines and a grooming. I was pleased upon walking in. The traditional antiseptic vet smell was not present. The Lobby and the exam rooms were bright and clean. In glancing through out the facility I noted the cleanliness through out.   A few cats in carriers with their owners waited but were quickly received and greeted in their exam rooms. They also had 2 cats roaming freely keeping every one in check and were the true managers of the place. :P They were very polite and friendly. The folks here were friendly, they discussed the option of sedation for the grooming, which I was against, and asked instead for a call if he became unruly and I would just come and pick him up as is.   Luckily it did not come to that. Turns out he was as the Tech/Groomer described him a "total meat loaf" and let her comb away. I picked him up and he was calm and about 5 lbs lighter with just the combing...maybe next time a shave? We'll see how the early stages of summer treat him.   In closing, for those with cats I would recommend checking it out.
I am completely and utterly shocked by the review written by "SS G."  After checking the other reviews they wrote, I have to question how accurate their review may be.  I have 3 kitties who have been going to Larkspur since they were born in 2007.  My babies go once a year for teeth cleanings, vaccinations, wellness exams and blood tests.  Dr. Smith has always been an attentive and knowledgeable doctor who takes the time to review everything and explain what was found.  He is very good to my babies along with the office staff.  I love the "cats only" atmosphere and the clinic is adorable.  My babies are in perfect health frankly because of the good veterinary care and of course the love and care they receive from us.  I did take one of the babies in for an eye allergy and Dr. Smith prescribed the best medicine and diagnosed her patiently and thoroughly including detailed instructions in how to give the medicine.  I always get a response to emailed questions and when calling they are always kind and willing to help.  They also send the cutest kitty birthday cards and holiday cards.  Again, not sure what happened with "SS G" but I have to question the validity of their review.  Please call them or check out their website and come to your own conclusion. www.larkspurcatclinic.com
I'm new to Phoenix, and I was pretty happy with my first visit here today.  For starters, it's only about six blocks from where I live, so convenience is a large factor.  I also like the fact that there were no other animals in the waiting area.  Buddy kind of freaks out over birds, probably because he wants them in his tummy, and I didn't have to worry about hiding him from Polly.  The place was really clean, and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful.  My only very minor complaint was that I think Buddy reacted poorly to all of the cat noises around him, most of which weren't pleasant.  Buddy actually liked going to his old vet, shots and all.  I was always so proud when he would purr away while getting his shots and then rub up against the doctor when it was all done.  But he was visibly frightened, and I could feel him cringe every time he heard a shrill "meow" coming from the next room.  I think this is a question of personal preference, though.  He didn't react like this to any other kind of animal.  Except that one incident with Polly, of course.      By the way, Polly is safe.
The best cat clinic, by far! I have 2 cats, both of whom have had serious medical issues in the past. One is 7 years old and the other 9.5 years old. I've taken them both to many other clinics in the past, and was always given absurd estimates, costing over &1000+ dollars. When we took them to Larkspur, Dr. Smith was automatically able to make a connection with them, with the most minimal tests. We got answers at prices we could not believe, and I mean that in a very positive way! If we take the cats to the clinic, and ask about potential tests, Dr. Smith will always be honest whether or not those tests are necessary, and usually, they aren't. He could have taken advantage of a situation to rip us off, and he didn't. We've taken the kitties to Dr. Smith for about 2 years now, and have started to call him our cat whisperer! If I don't know what's occuring with my kitties, I always feel better knowing that I will take them to Larkspur, and get answers. The staff are amazing as well! The other day when I took my cat Halloween to them, he managed to escape his carrier, and ran under another customers car, and hid under the hood. The 2 techs at the front desk both ran out, and went under the hood to get him out. They got oil all over themselves, and yet, had compassion all throughout the ordeal. I'm so thankful to them, as they could have just not done anything, or had the fire department come and get him out. Love, love, love them!
This place is the best. I've taken two cats here and now my german shepherd. Wonderful people working here, everyone is very nice. Cheap but without the sacrifice of quality. I'll always recommend this place first to friends and family.
The doctors and staffs are very professional, kind and thoughtful.  I became a cat lover last Sep.  I adopted a kitten from AHS,  they took very good care of her when she got an URI.  Unfortunately sweet Georgina passed away in Jan.  They sent me a card and angel kitty pin to remember her, they are so sweet.  Also they don't charge you arms and legs, they are very conscientious.  I really appreciate it.
We had adopted a kitten from the humane society and were advised to go here because the initial check-up would be free.    The appointment took over two hours and when we finally did leave, we were given medication that we were not instructed how to use. I would rather pay a little money to have veterinary staff that is going to take the time to review things with us.  We will be searching for another vet and not coming back to this location.
I went in without an appoinment and they were able to acomodate me last minute. I had to wait around 30 min but my cat had an ifected leg due to some biting cat. The staff was very professional and informative. They waived the exam fee since i was a first time customer, the final bill seamed fair and best of all they gave coco medicine and treated him better than how i get treated at the hospital. I cannot remember the veterinarians bame but she was wonderfull :)     Thumbs up for helping my coco :)
Echoing Tracy, this place is truly a wonderful animal shelter. While of course recognizing the differences in fundraising and available resources in the animal shelter world, Campus for Compassion should still be recognized as a clean and hospitable place for homeless pets where the staff is super-friendly and genuinely cares. In other words, while some shelters, especially city or county-run ones, can't necessarily be blamed for the poor conditions their animals are housed in, it is still refreshing to see a non-profit organization that's making every effort to provide a shelter that's on a whole other level. This place is literally a few blocks from our house, and since the moment we moved in, we have literally been there two times a week to check out all of the new kittens (it's full-on kitten season right now!). Last Friday afternoon, we finally succumbed and adopted two beautiful little tabby brothers. (We already have two cats, so we knew that we were in for a crazy month or two!). The adoption counselors were patient and kind and treated us with respect both when we played with the kittens in the "get acquainted" rooms and when we sat down to fill out our paperwork. Do be forewarned that they take a long time to fill out all of the adoption paperwork and get the process finalized, so don't expect to just be in and out. If you want to adopt a homeless pet from a great organization run by great people, definitely stop by here! As a side note, they also have a little pet shop with food, supplies, and toys - because it's a nonprofit, everything is tax-free and the proceeds go back to the Humane Society.
Just wanted to add that the Humane Society's partnership with VCA Animal Hospitals (offering up to $500 per pet of free post-adoption care for certain standard infections and medications) was amazing. Do note that there are time restrictions (I think the offer is up 2 weeks after adoption). We ended up going to VCA Elliot Park in Tempe (see my separate review for them) for our two new kittens and having two visits each, as well as antibiotics, completely covered. This was such a big help, as the costs right after adoption are often the greatest (because of shelter conditions, etc). I hope it incentivizes a lot of people to adopt who otherwise couldn't afford it. More good homes for all of the adorable kittens we see every time we go!
I love this place so much I would love to move to the area and volunteer. I came here to get my therapy pet which happens to be a guinea pig named Clark and while we were there we could not resist a rat named ratatouille so we snatched her up as well. I could not help but take forever looking at all of the darling pets and feel so sad that I could not take all of them home with me. The employees are very much as in love with pets as I am and you can tell that each and every one of them is an avid animal lover and not just some person who is working there because it's a job to them.     The person who helped us let us take our time petting each pig and getting a feel for each animal. He even played with the rat for what seemed like an extended amount of time. Don't expect to waltz in here and waltz on out of here in 15 minutes, you really want to make sure you feel a connection to the animal so just sit there and play and hold the animal. The employees will tell you all you need to know about the animal's history and demeanor. Plus they want to make sure that they are going to suitable homes so you will need to fill out an application and if you live in apartments make sure you go and adopt while your apartment complex office is open because they will need to call and make sure that you are allowed to have pets in your complex, no exceptions.    The staff is so friendly and we were even able to purchase an extra cage for $12! If you know small animal cages you recognize that this is a steal for a new, moderate sized animal cage. The facilities are very nice for an adoption center, there is a gift shop for your new pet so you can pick up beautiful collars and pet dishes ect. I think you even get a discount when you adopt a pet. Each animal has their own section and there are rooms where they will put in in with the pet and play with them. As I was leaving I couldn't help myself and took Clark out at the car so I could cuddle him, an employee was going home and stopped and chatted with me and was very nice as she was happy to see Clark going home. I also like that they provide you with a free vet exam and expenses paid (if needed) up to $500 for any conditions the pet might have although they are thoroughly taken care of at the shelter. The appointment just needs to be made within 5 days at any VCA hospital that they will give you a flyer for in your adoption packet. I will be back here again.
I had one cat, and I liked her a lot. I started to feel a little bad though because she was alone a lot. One day my wife talked me into driving to the humane society "just to look". I now have two cats and I like them a lot. The Arizona Humane Society was professional, courteous, and I had a great experience with them. We were given helpful ideas for every aspect of introducing a second cat to the home and drove away feeling confident, and the fact that Sherlock was covered up to five hundred bucks for an initial checkup was a huge bonus, we actually found a new vet because of it. I will recommend the humane society to anyone I know looking to adopt a friend, it's awesome.
I brought my last cat Marty here for his neutering & regular shots until he died in a tragic accident some time ago.  Yesterday I came in & found my lovely new kitty I call Abby.  It has always been a pleasure to work with the staff members here.  They're just full of love for the animals & provide an excellent service in offering them up to responsible new homes & providing low cost pet health care afterwards.  The shelter is clean, the animals properly fed & cared for while they're here, & I think these gals & guys deserve another 5 Star Yelp review, so here it is!     :-))    PS:  They have many precious cats here (near 100?) to choose from, who need loving homes.  They're all spayed/neutered (if old enough), caught up on their shots, & available at no cost now.  (Donate what you can!)  YOU could make a special difference for both your new pet & the Humane Society by adopting right now while they're VERY full here!     :-))
So I want to tell you my story of getting my best buddy here at this location. And then I can do a proper review.     I was looking for a cat as a friend and also as someone to help me through my depression. Animals are found to be great sources of help through everything, and I wanted to give a cat a forever home. So I looked on the website for a few days until I came upon a handsome Lynx Point Siamese. The second I saw him, I had a good feeling about him. So I went straight here.     At first I didn't see him anywhere and had to ask if he had already been adopted. They had him in quarantine to make sure he wasn't sick or anything, but I still got to meet him! Whew! What a releif. So it took a few extra minutes to get him, but I waited in one of the rooms. They brought him in a small blue crate. When they opened up the crate I sat on the floor to be more inviting to him. He looked around for a little bit and then came right up to me and let me pet him. He started walking on me and was really comfortable already. He really loved my attention and how I was talking with him. I had found my buddy I had been looking for. So I adopted him right on the spot!     On the way home, he escaped from the temporary box they put him in and came and sat on my lap the rest of the drive home. Normally I wouldn't let an animal do that for their safety, but he seemed so happy and content, I just couldn't move him until I got home.     That was just a little over a year ago. Now he's fully grown and is still my bestest kitty. I look forward coming home to him every day and hanging out with him. He really means the world to me.     So now that I got that out of the way, the Humane Society was wonderful when I went! I now make monthly donations to them. It's not a lot but the least I could do to help for all they did for me. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Everything is very clean, and everyone really does seem to care about the animals and who they go to. I really hope to volunteer sometime in the near future for them to help out even more. I would love to help out with the other cats. If I could, I would take them all home with me!     Thank you AZ Humane Society!
The Humane Society has been my go to place for pet adoption over the years. I got both of my cats from the Humane Society, and they both are wonderful. I like that they provide a vet visit and a bag of quality food with adoption. Additionally, I like that their volunteers/staff are friendly and have seemed to be knowledgeable and the animals are kept in individual small cages or in large enclosures with 2-3 animals. The cats I have adopted have been wonderful, in good health, and seem to have been taken care of in their (extensive) time at the Humane Society. Both cats were lonely hearts (had been in the shelter for months) and had nominal adoption fees (5$ and 20$... wow). Both had been spayed and received medical attention. When it is time to adopt another furry friend, this will definitely be the place to go.
VCA Northern Animal Hospital takes care of my awesome cats F. Scott and Zelda.  Unfortunately, they needs lots of help and I am starting to feel like the animal hospital is my "Cheers."  I literally get a resounding "Hi, Lissa" when I walk in the door.  They take super care of my two cats and Dr. G. is amazing!  They only get a 4 out 5 stars because I am currently going every week (I literally have had a standing appointment for at least two months thanks to my cats unwillingness to heal).  However, they are great, I just want to go back less frequently :)
One of the worst animal hospitals I have ever been too!!!   My friend took in a feral cat that she found, only to find out that the cat was pregnant.  She was overdue and we took her to this vet only to be told conflicting stories on the cats health and how many babies she had (several ultra sounds done).   Not only did they have the cat for five days and did nothing, but they stated that unless we paid $1500 they could do nothing to help her - we either had to put the cat and her babies down or surrender the cat to them if we did not come up with the money.      Within one hour, we found a vet that did an emergency c-section on her for $700 and saved the cat and three of her five babies.  If we had waited any longer, they all would have been dead!      They have the worst "bed side" manners and at the end of the day a corporate facilities looking for cash and not even willing to allow us time to raise the money to save this cat's life.  I am letting all my animal friends and rescues not to waste their time.
This is a corporate vet and everything bad that corporate vets do. I don't know how else to put it. I have been twice because the humane society pays for a visit within five days of adoption. So of course I am going to use the vet visit. From the second I entered the exam room with the vet tech I felt like I was on a car lot and preparing for battle. It is all about up sale and scare tactics at this vet. Which I expected, I have been to corporate vets before. So my cat had an upper respiratory thing that animals in shelters get and the vet put him on antibiotics (incidentally the cost of the antibiotics is about $8 more per bottle than at my small vet office in central phoenix) which is great so we rescheduled for a check up.    I should not have gone. First of all I got shamed and lectured for a few minutes because my cat was not in a carrier. I know this was my bad but seymour never once got out of my arms as I knew he wouldn't because he is a very calm cat. I really did not see the harm and the carrier makes him so anxious. I was compared to a parent who does not put their child in a car seat. awesome.    Next I meet with a new vet tech who tries to upsell me on every vaccine on the market which I politely declined. He then tells me my cat is too fat (yea I know that) and should be 12 lbs. Yea no that is the equivalent of telling a 5 ft 11 large bones woman to aim for 115 lbs. He's a big cat not just fat. So the vet comes in (a totally different vet than I saw last time)  and tells me her name then says wow that is a fat cat you need to get his weight under control or like all fat adults and animals he will likely get diabetes. I am also a fat person so I feel like the lecture was intentional and she did not see that I adopted this animal 2 weeks ago. I have also been to this rodeo a few times and I do not have or make my animals fat. We are on top of the weight loss plan. Unlike the tech because they don't seem to communicate well she tells me he should be 15lbs which is the difference of him losing 3lbs or 6 lbs. Quite a different for an animal under 20lbs! She then says oh his eyes are pretty though just got to work on the weight. What does that mean? Did my cat really get fat shamed? lol hilarious! Then she says oh good I can feel his bladder so he's not too fat for an exam. Really? stop talking about how fat you think he is and say something nice to him while you are molesting his internal organs.    I'll be going to my own vet thanks;)
Our 14 year old cat was not eating so we brought him to VCA. We have been using VCA for years and are so happy that we have vets that care so much for animals. They did blood work and we got the results mid day on a holiday weekend. The results were not good. Our cat was suffering and we needed to act fast. Late on a Friday the team at VCA got a room ready with candles and a very professional and caring staff to help us with putting down our wonderful cat that lived a long happy life. I can't say enough about Dr.Martin, Dr. Hammerich and all of the staff at VCA. Each and every staff member is amazing. Thank you so much for what each and everyone of you do.  I would recommend VCA Northern to anybody.
I recently had an issue with my cat, Heiko, where he needed to have his elbow fixed.    See: http://www.yelp.com/biz/pride-animal-hospital-chandler#hrid:iWYZtW8yfDP6ptvcnK6L6A    I was referred to SVSS. After I left Pride Animal Hospital, I called and made an appointment for early the next day, 6:30am to be exact. This is perfect for me since I work night shift and with 6:30 I could just get off work and go straight there instead of staying up half the day when I was normally sleeping.    I met with the assistants and Dr. Tara Enwiller. I loved all of the staff, including the front-desk. They were very thorough and Dr. Enwiller was very helpful in describing what had happened, whereas Dr. Chen was unable to.    They brought out the two estimates (closed re-set of dislocation or the open surgery). They explained all the risks and everything to me.    Aside from the seemingly simple procedure costing a lot, it was painless. I actually opted for the more costly provedure, which I had to put 70% down. But, I said they were to just do the less costly procedure. Then I left for home, slept, and picked him up when I was done.    The post-op debriefing was also well done. I need to go back here soon to see if I can get his cast fixed (not their fault).    So, I think this place is top notch. My cat has a cast on with an awesome looking fish decal on it and he seems happy with no pain. I will chalk that up to a good clean procedure.
Of course no one wants to use this place by choice but if you need the extra care for your pet the staff here have been very professional, helpful and supportive.  I have mainly worked with Dr. Wood and Lindsey and they have been very helpful and supportive while I have managed my cat's illness.  Also the emergency vet Dr. Tan was very supportive to us when Dr. Wood was out of town.      I appreciate that they talk with you about your options, the pros and cons, and let you guide the next steps at your comfort level.  It is always hard to be in a position to make serious health choices about a pet and I was very pleased with how the medical staff help you through this process.  Thank you.
When I adopted my cat, Luca, in CA last year, he was having some problems with blood in his litter box.  The vet I was using at the time didn't show much interest in solving his problem.  She said he probably had worms and gave him a shot.      It got a lot better over time, but a year later he was still periodically bleeding; I would find drops of blood on the white tile in my apt.  So, I looked at some Yelp reviews and found a new vet.  He diagnosed possible Colitis and put Luca on a hypoallergenic diet.  There was a significant decrease in blood so I thought we had it figured out.      We moved to Arizona and started going to Banfield.  After about 10 mos, Luca started to bleed more often.  His new Banfiled vet (Tempe on Elliot) INSISTED he see a specialist.  I was LOATHE to go.  I was afraid the specialist would order a $2,000 colonoscopy then tell me nothing useful.  Boy was I wrong!    We saw Dr. Polina Vishkautsan, an Internal Medicine Specialist at VCA Referral Center in Mesa.  It was $162 for the consultation, and worth every penny.  Much to my surprise, she gave me her undivided attention for an hour.  She listened carefully to his history, and recommended we do a fecal test specific to a parasite called Tritrichomonas foetus.  She told me that this parasite isn't widely known, and while Luca's symptoms were not typical, she thought this was likely his problem.    She took a sample and sent it to a lab at a university in North Carolina that is conducting research on this parasite ($144 for the test).  One week later we had our answer - Luca has Tritrichomonas foetus.  He is unusually lucky in that his symptoms are very minor.  Most infected cats have terrible bloody diarrhea, and many are euthanized.      I had done some research and discovered that when she told me the treatment for the parasite is 'not pretty', she was right; it could actually kill him.  We discussed his quality of life and decided not to treat him unless for some reason he gets much worse.  This information came at a critical time.  With all the foreclosures in the area, I took in 2 foster cats.  This new information made it very important to keep the fosters isolated, for their own safety.    Dr. Vishkautsan is an EXCELLENT vet.  She is one of those rare professionals that is truly dedicated to her craft.  I highly recommend VCA and Dr. V.  For $300 I got a definitive diagnosis, and I am so happy to finally know.  And I didn't have to get the $2,000 colonoscopy done!  Thank you so much Dr. V!!!!
About 2 days after I posted my initial review on here, I got a call from this hospital.  They wanted to explain why I ended up with the charges for the IV when I had told them not to do anything until after the consult with the doctor.  I felt a bit like I was in some kind of country where I didn't have free speech rights, so I hung up.  The hospital should have thought about the charges they were charging me for AT THE TIME I SHOWED UP WITH A CRISIS rather than taking advantage of my emotional state.  And I'd like to revise my estimate of the doctor's knowledge.  I showed up with a cat I suspected had been poisoned with antifreeze.  The doctor told me that was unlikely because according to her antifreeze does cats in so quickly they won't be alive for  couple days like mine was.  She was wrong, as I had the kidney tested at a vet diagnostic lab.  Just be CAREFUL who you go to and who you pay a lot of money to.  Do your own research.    9/27/13:  Someone thought this review was "funny" ?!?!?!  What kind of nut thinks this is "funny"?
Dr. Melinda Wood is one of the best, veterinarians I have ever worked with.     Does a fantastic job of communicating your pets condition/treatment options, and explains it in a way you can understand clearly.      Having a sick pet is difficult, but Dr. Wood made me immediately feel comfortable about the whole process.    If you need an internal medicine specialist I would recommend her!
The Dr.s and staff at Eastside Animal Hospital are very friendly. We started going here when our cat developed cancer, so they weren't visits for a happy reason. But my cat liked Dr. Dan and that's what was most important to me and my husband. Unfortunately our cat got quite sick and everybody there was very sympathetic. They even referred us to an in-home euthanasia service. We'll continue to go to them with our other cat. We would recommend them to other animal lovers.
Dr. Nowicki has been my family's vet for as long as I remember. He is great with our cats (and so is his entire staff). When something is wrong, he explains all your options to you. And when it comes to putting an animal down, it's always done with so much understanding and sympathy.    I can't imagine taking my animals to another vet.
I have never been to a vet quite like this one. The entire office staff are all so nice, and the doctors communicate with each other to get different perspectives on diagnosis. My six week old kitten had a severe case of pneumonia and I didn't think he would be able to pull through it. The doctors, technicians, and staff were with me every step of the way towards his eventual recovery. Words cannot express my appreciation of their kindness and genuine concern but as long as I am in Arizona they will be my PCV.
If you keep stuffed animals as pets, then this place is for you. Anything alive and you love like a family member, stay away. I know that's a tad harsh but in all sincerity, I'm dead serious.     I took my 1 year old long haired cat to be spayed. I went over all the details over the phone in making the appt. No eating after 10pm, pick up in the afternoon and yes, I positively wanted a sedative after surgery. Seriously, why wouldn't my cat have a pain killer after major surgery and no, price is not an issue. Can you imagine waking up after having a hysterectomy and not have a pain killer? I had been warned and I didn't even know it.      I arrived in the early morning and........waited,.....and waited. Alone in the reception area by myself while a few assistants at the front desk did A..B..S..O...L...U..T...E..L..Y nothing. Finally, they took my paperwork and took my little girl. That's right I luv my cat. And, I needed to get to work.     So, I call in the afternoon and no one knows what's up with my kittie. No worries, I call later. Finally, my kittie is ready after 4pm. I go to pick her up and the vet was nice enough but really drove me right out of my skin.  What is up with all the up-selling. Yes, the vet upsells. More vaccines,- seriously, the cat was vaccinated 6 months ago, she is fine. Does she need grooming, she is a year old and grooms like a fiend, no thanks.  But the kiss of death was the push for declawing. Now, you know if I had a hissy fit over the sedative being an add on to the spaying, the damn declawing just about put me over the edge. Really, you - a vet, who should know better than anyone the harm declawing can do to a cat. Tell me how you would get around without your toes and your are pushing declawing? Thanks for offering to overvaccinate and amputate my cat. I paid my $495.00 and I left with my baby. And we won't be back.
We are new to Arizona and made the mistake of choosing Arizona Avenue Animal Clinic for our 11 year old cat, who visited them to be groomed. Our first impression when my husband and I walked in was this was not the place for her. It was 8:30 in the morning on a Wednesday, there were 3 ladies at the front desk and one customer sitting and filling out paperwork. No one asked if they could help us or even acknowledged we were there and it was quite obvious all the front desk employees were in a bad mood.  When they finally got around to helping us, I provided paperwork to show her recent rabies vaccination from February of this year. When I set up the appointment, I asked if they would need proof of her vaccine history. The person I spoke with on the phone stated rabies was all they cared to see. When the lady drew up our paperwork for the days visit (a simple grooming), she also added on an addition $175 in additional vaccines and exams our cat would need, without even asking if she was current first. On the new client paperwork it asked if our pet was aggressive and would need sedation. I clearly put on the paperwork that she could be aggressive in a veterinarian situation and would definitely need sedation but also, when I called to make the appointment, I discussed this with them at that time b/c I do worry with her age about her reaction to sedation and they stated it would not be an issue.  We dropped her off and they called later to state she was done and the earliest she could be picked up was 2:30. At 2:30, we went to get her and were ushered into an exam room where a rude vet tech snapped at us that she had bitten another tech, it broke the skin and, therefore, animal control would have to be called and it would have to be reported. Not a problem since she is up to date on her rabies vaccination.  She didn't let us speak much and carried on and on about the rabies vaccination and that's why it's so important b/c it's as much protection for them as it is the pets, all pointless considering, again, she is up to date on her vaccines. We were treated as though it was our cats fault for the mishap and only after waiting for her to be done talking, and then our persistence of asking how it happened, did she disclose that it happened right when we came to pick her up, she was still considerably groggy and they did not put her back in her carrier while she was still under (where she would feel more comfortable when she woke up) and when the tech went to get her she tried to protect herself and bit him. Even though it was stated on her paperwork that she could be aggressive, and she had to be sedated to be groomed, the tech took no precautions on getting her but it was her fault he was bitten. They never seemed apologetic that the event happened; just angry with us somehow that she wasn't handled appropriately in their care, under the circumstances.   In the past, with her prior vet of 10 years, we dropped her off by 8 a.m. and picked her up at 11 a.m. They also had to sedate her but by the time we got home she was completely back to herself. After her visit at Arizona Avenue Animal Clinic, where she stayed all day, it was clear she was over drugged. When we got home she could barely stand up, when she walked she could only take a step or two before falling over and she stayed in this condition until the next morning. We were concerned with her and could not believe they would release her in such a condition. From our first impression to our last moments with them we were nothing but disappointed with the customer service we received. We question their care for animals and, based on the additional charges they tried to stack on our bill for unnecessary vaccines, we feel they are more out for money than truly caring for pets. Do yourself, and your pet, a favor and choose another veterinary practice.
Dr. Kristi and Dr. Christina saved my beloved cat's life.     My cat was in sudden obvious pain one morning a couple years ago and I took him in immediately. He had a urinary blockage so they had to hospitalize him and insert a catheter.    Both vets were awesome. I was crying my eyes out and they were sensitive and sympathetic.     They helped me work out a reasonable payment plan for the hospitalization.     Two years later my cat is healthy and happy.    I live very far away from this clinic and my cat can't handle long car rides. But I highly recommend AZ avenue clinic for anyone in the Chandler/ Gilbert area!
My husband and I have been taking all of our cats to Az Ave. Clinic for many, many years. All of the Drs. here are 1st class and I would trust any one of them to care for my precious four-legged babies.  This clinic is the type of place you would find in Mayberry, very down-home, and reminds me of the place we took our pets to back in the Midwest, back when I was growing up. These people are loving and caring to animals, and respectful to their owners.  If something needs to be done for a pet, options are always thoroughly explained. The Drs. always follow-up with a phone call after a surgery or procedure to check on the well-being of a pet.  Kudos to Dr. Christina, Dr. Kristi, Dr. Mike, and all others who have been there for our feline family!
We had never been to this vet before, but my kitty of 12 years suddenly got very sick, very fast.  Going into this appointment, we were sure we'd be facing that awful decision that no pet owner ever wants to have to make.  My husband & I were both emotional wrecks at the clinic.   Dr Mike was very, very good.  He was very honest and compassionate in explaining all sides of  Scotty cat's situation.  He gave us alone time in the exam room to discuss it and more time to eventually say our goodbyes...  A few days after this all happened, we received a card in the mail.  I was expecting a standard signed sympathy card, but we got a card and a personally written letter from the vet saying some nice, comforting words about that whole situation.  It was surprising and very touching.    We'll definitely be coming here with our other pets from now on.
I am really ashamed I even brought my cat here. These people aren't for the animals, they're just after the money!     05/21- I brought my cat here to get her yearly vaccinations before my trip to Florida since we were flying w/ her. All was fine and I paid a little above what I'm used to (I have paid for vet services in both San Diego, CA and Panama City, FL.) I could deal w/ the price issue as long as my cat was taken care of. I was told I needed to be back after 3 weeks for her leukemia booster. I asked if it would take long since I work in afternoons and the manager "Mary" said that no she'd just get her shot and be in and out. I thought okay cool, I'll bring her back the day after I come back from Florida.    06/12- Took my cat to get her booster shot and thought alright, I should be in and out. No that wasn't the case. I had to wait about 20 minutes and Dr. Christina shows up. I thought to myself it was weird they were having the vet do the booster shot instead of a vet. tech. but I guess that's how they do things around there. She checked my cat and then gave her the shot. Out we go. I go to check out expecting maybe $20 for the booster shot but no, I'm surprised by $63.75 charge. I asked if they charged me for another exam and they said yes, that they always do. I told the girl at the desk that that wasn't what I was informed. I was told I'd get the booster and be out. Mind you, I already paid $100 before for just vaccinations and an exam and thought everything was covered when I came in. I wasn't told of any additional costs on our 3 week follow up for the booster. Not on the invoice nor from "Mary." I have taken my cat to followups in Florida and California and have never been charged something I wasn't told about prior to coming. Even in San Diego where you'd expect to be swindled out of your money because everything is so damn expensive there, I never had to deal w/ this. I paid $43.80 for an additional exam and $19.95 for the booster shot after I already paid $19.95 for the first shot.     So what I'm saying is these people don't really care about your animals. All they want is your hard earned cash. I'm not saying I wouldn't pay a pretty penny for my animal because I would. I'd just like to know about it before I go instead of being lied to.     Take my advice and just don't go here. You're better off going to the vet down the street. I don't normally write reviews but when I feel like I have been scammed out of my money I'd like to warn people before they do too.
AWESOME experience!    One of my cats were starting to act very temperamental, made weird gagging noises before she'd spaz out twisting her neck.  I thought maybe she had some kind of psychiatric issue and was hesitant to bring her in before I can figure out what exactly was wrong.    When I offered her a treat and she went for it tentatively, and immediately acted like I hurt her it was the last straw and I made an appointment.  They were able to see us within an hour.    The staff was very nice and careful around my unhappy cat.  A tech came and held her by the scruff while Dr. Davis did his examination.  Thankfully within minutes he found something sticking out of one of her back teeth.    They sedated her, pulled it out, chipped the tartar that had built up around it and gave her an antibiotic shot that would cover 2 weeks.  All for about $220.  As easy and reasonably priced as it was, I felt terrible for not bringing her in sooner!  They were so nice and expertly handled her.  They explained everything to me before and after the procedure.  I would definitely recommend this hospital!
Pretty great experience all things considered. I had a kitten thrown over my backyard fence and was able to get him the next day. He's a bit crazy, being that he was raised by wolfs, but the vet was awesome with him! Clipped his nails and everything while we waited for test results to come back. I definitely would recommend this vet. Prices are right in line with most vets. When costs may be a bit more its worth the extra $$ for the great service you receive.
The ways in which this animal hospital has been there for us for over a decade are infinite. I've repeatedly been in awe at how they have always gone far above and beyond for me and for us in troubling times and it has always brought me great peace to know that when it has been needed, my pets have not only had the best medical care possible, but also the most heartfelt and dedicated. This is truly an amazing team that has the best interest of the pets we love so much at heart, not to mention, those of their human clients. I can't express how much that has meant to me
Unfortunately, I can't agree with the other reviewers here.  I have taken my animals here for a few years, and I will be finding a new vet ASAP.  The prices here are higher than vets in other parts of the East Valley (probably on par for Scottsdale though).  The biggest problem I have is the high-pressure sales pitch I get every time I go in...even if it's just to buy cat food.  On my last visit, I was asked 3 times if "I was sure" I didn't want to buy their $600 "wellness plan" for my cat.  When I explain that I simply can't afford these things, I just get looks of reproach and end up feeling like I'm a bad pet owner.  In addition, they tend to hold you hostage here on prescription items.  On more than one occasion I've gone to get a refill of Heart Guard or prescription food (mind you it's a 30 minute drive for me) and been told I can't have it until they see my pet for some mystery appointment that they suddenly need even thought they are up-to-date on their exams/check-ups.  Last straw was when they refused to honor a coupon that I had printed off of their website the day before because they forgot to put  "for new patients only" on the coupon or anywhere on the website.  I'm done with this place, but if it works for you, great!
Took my cat in to be checked for ring worms. Dr. Sura was so awesome, she even brought me to the back room and let me look under the microscope so I could see the ring worms for myself! She cares about my cats so much that she has even sent me txt messages weeks later asking how they are doing! I know she is a great vet because I can tell she actually cares :-)
This is the third time we have been to Aztec Animal Hospital and I can feel confident in writing a good review for them. All three times the staff has been friendly and professional. They remembered our kitten's name (we brought him in for ringworm) and they even made a follow up call to check in to see how he was doing. We brought him back a week later because the medicated shampoo didn't seem to be stopping the progression of the infection. They were able to make the appointment the same day we called and even comped the visit as a courtesy. The rooms are sleek and clean. There are educational pamphlets everywhere. I thought it was a really nice place and will be going back.
Keep your beloved pets away from this unprofessional place. A few months ago I took my young kitten into Dr. Pence at AZ Spay & Neuter for a typical spay for her. The surgery was done the same day by the Dr. Pence himself and later that day I picked her up seemingly without any complications. Nearly a week went by when it was detected that the kitten was in pain with a dis-coloring on the belly area that exacerbated each day. Little did I know from a routine surgery, but Dr. Pence (according to a professional vet who corrected the mistake) failed to properly stitch up the fibrosis layer tissue and subsequently internal bleeding was causing the dis-colorization. I asked him how such a simple routine procedure by someone who bragged about their 35 years of experience could be so botched? In response he had nothing at all to say in his defense and was not remorseful in the least for his mistake if not confrontational about it when contacted. Needless to say I took my kitten to a real vet to have the damaged caused by AZ Spay & Neuter repaired to the tune of $500 asking the clinic to at least help with the expensive bills of which they refused. So that response to it and the terrible job that nearly killed my little kitten over their negligent surgery, is reason for this terrible review on a nightmarish experience.
This hospital in truth should get 0 stars.  They butcherd my beautiful, sweet 3 yrs one month old manx cat, Romeo just one yr. ago.  I'm just now able to talk about it. We asked the Tech. not to use an anal thermometer due to his breed.  She became so angry at our arrogance she threw the thermometer down on the table.  That should have been a clew to get out of there.  The vet diagnosed him with bladder stones, She did the precedure in 2 days, which I now know was wrong.  We took him home the 1st. day.  He cried and could barley walk the whole night, obviously in a lot of pain, w/fluids leaking from him uretha.  the next morning, we stuipidly brought him back for further torture.  The surgery took several hrs.  Than I was informed they could not leave him for care overnight.  The Vet, N. Council, advised us to take him 20 miles to an E..R. clinic. She took sweet Romeo with all his tubes in her car and we followed her.  The next morning the ER clinic called and advised us to pick Romeo up, that he was fine. It was a Sunday. 2hrs later at home he went to the litterbox straining to pee, fell over on his side.  I rushed to ER clinic because Hillside was closed.  the vet at ER stated he would not reach Dr. Council because she is off on Sunday's, but my cat is dying.  They did not care.  $5,000.00 dollar procedure, to kill my loving cat. I miss him every day. And so does Romeo's litter mate, Juliet, who will never be seen at Hillside. I've been told by numerous Vets that bladder stones are common, rotuine procedures, done everyday, with the cat living a long healty life. But this recently graduated presumptous Vet managed to put my cat through so much pain and suffering.  The owner, Vet never came to talk to us or console us. If you want the truth about Hillside, they are more concerned about charging large sums of money for their service, than caring for their animals.
I have been taking our cat Boris to Hillside since we moved here from Michigan in 2007.  Boris has had excellent care from both Dr. Rosonke and Dr. Council, as well as the veterinary technicians Gayle, Heidi, and Matthew.  The front desk staff have also been incredibly helpful in getting Boris in quickly for a recent health problem, they are wonderful.  Thank you Andria, Audrey, Amanda and Kelly.  Everyone here really understands that having a sick pet is a very difficult time both physically for the pet and emotionally for the owners.  Everyone here is so supportive and they truly care about the care your pet receives.   You cannot go wrong with bringing your pet here for both wellness care and illness issues.  I highly recommend Hillside Animal Hospital.
From the moment I walked in the door, I felt at ease. Courtney greeted me and was cheerful and professional.     Coco and I were greeted next by Matthew. Immediately you feel comfortable with Matt. He is very clear in the way he explains things to you. His genuine concern for both the animal the owner translates in his every word.     Dr. Rosonke, immediately struck this great balance between casual talk and the task at hand. It helped ensure we were relating at a comfortable level. He maintained a professional demeanor, but made me feel at ease. He analyzed the situation, made appropriate recommendations and developed a workable solution.    After Dr Rosonke left, Matt made sure I understood what we learned on that visit, next steps and how to best help Coco. I left more educated and confident in her care.     The last participant in my Hillside adventure was Nikki (I think?). As with everyone, cheerful, professional and friendly.     Start to finish my experience was first class.    Thank you Hillside.
We've been bringing our cats to Hillside Animal Hospital for years.   This place is amazing.  There are so many wonderful things to say about Hillside.  5 years ago we moved to the area and we had had previous vet care from a place in Chandler where they couldn't diagnose what was wrong with our cat, Tuffy.  Dr. Rosonke is THE MAN, he was able to diagnose our little boy and we had a great treatment plan.       Hillside is a one stop Doctors visit for your furry babies.  They have everything they need in house. You don't need to schedule separate appointments to go to a specialist or a lab to get tests done.  Dr. Rosonke and his staff can do it ALL!       The front lobby and exam rooms are warm, trendy and inviting; not the typical cold and smelly vets office you're used to.  In one of the exam rooms, they have a couch with a tv in it where my cat can sit and watch the aquarium fish tank channel.  In each exam room is a computer plus flat screen so they can go over all test results, ultrasounds, X-rays, etc. with you.   On the wall are artsy animal pictures; no Garfield and Otis pictures in here!  Oh, and they also have a gift shop with fun toys, collars, leeches and food that are all carefully picked with the staff's stamp of approval.     The customer service at Hillside is amazing. Everyone is super friendly.  It's kind of like walking into Cheers, everyone knows your name.  As soon as you open the doors you're greeted by your first name, they even greet your pet too.   The environment feels wonderful, they are all in great moods, smiling and looks like a happy work family.  You won't need to worry about anyone mistreating your pet cause they're having a bad day.   I will never take our animals anywhere else.  We love Hillside Animal Hospital.
I have been to multiple vet offices in the past with my "kids", but have never loved any of them as much as I do Baseline Animal Clinic.  I found Baseline Animal Clinic after my cat had a broken tooth and was looking for a vet office with reasonable pricing.  This place may have had the cheaper price, but I never expected them to be so valuable to me.  Dr. Fitch, as well as the other doctors and staff, have been so sympathetic, caring, and helpful every time I'm there.  Recently, my cat has been having some problems that resulted in a very serious infection.  All of the staff have shown sincere concern for me and my cat.  Dr. Finch has been very great about helping us get the treatments needed without draining our bank account.  He does very good at explaining the situation and all of our options, and explains why he recommends one option over the other.  Most recently, he was debating getting some lab work to determine the type of infection, but Dr. Finch decided that it would not provide clear results, due to the extent of bacteria and infection, and it just wasn't worth the cost in this case, when he could just as easily (and much more cheaply) use his experience and knowledge to choose the best treatment... any other vet I've ever met would have made us spend the money for lab work, even if they thought the chances were very small of getting some helpful result.  After going to Baseline Animal Clinic, I won't trust my "kids" lives to anybody else.  I would highly recommend Baseline Animal Clinic to anybody that is looking for a wonderful vet office that will take the best care of your pets, make you feel comfortable, and not rob you blind.
I had the unfortunate task of taking in my friend's kitty who passed away while she is on vacation.  Even though I tried to steel myself in the car to not become a blubbering mess once I walked in, it happened anyway.  The girls at the front desk were so nice and caring.  They treated the kitty with a lot of dignity and I appreciate that.
I was pleasantly surprised by the care my cat received when we went in for an exam this mroning due to what appeared to be an infected eye.      I called the office last night because my cat's eye looked terrible.  It was wet and pussy, swollen shut and she was miserable - not eating and not drinking.  The receptionist was so pleasant and encouraging, told me that we could come in first appointment of the morning - on a Saturday!      We arrived and immediately were brought back to an exam room.  The tech came in, asked a lot of questions, was very thorough with the health history, answered some questions.  Dr. Dobbertien came in shortly after to examine our cat.  He spent nearly 30 minutes with us!  I have never had a vet be so willing to spend time with us and be so willing to answer questions and talk about treatment and future issues our cat may encounter.  I wish my own doctor was so approachable!  Seriously can't say enough about how much I appreciated this!  When we left I told my husband that I usually feel as though I'm inconvienencing a dr with questions, like they are tired of me, wanting to go on to the next patient.  Not so with Dr. Dobbertien.  He anwered all of our questions, and offered loads of info.      I would recommend this office to all of my friends and family.  They charged $45 for the office visit - very affordable in my book!  The only thing that I can see some people complaining about is that the office is a bit older than some.  It isn't as modern and doesn't look to have all of the bells and whistles of other offices....doesn't bother me one bit and I'm sure my cat didn't notice.  :)  Perhaps this is one reason their prices appear to be lower than some clinics.      BTW, did you know that you can use Walmarts $4 prescriptions for your animals?  I brought the list of $4 medications to the office with me.  Dr. Dobbertien chose an antibiotic off the list which he said would do the trick to clear up my cat's eye infection.
i was referred to dr finch by a friend. what a blessing that was.i found a weimaraner wandering the north phx desert and fostered him while i searched for his owners. after numerous attempts and avenues to locate his owners to no avail, i decided to keep him. about a month into this, he had decreasing energy, and it got to the point that he would not get out of bed.not even to play ball(his favorite).i  took him in and dr finch examined him , and felt that it was valley fever. after a expensive test confirmed that it was , meds were administered and the journey began. 1 year later , we were able to stop the meds because his titer was good. 3 weeks after stopping meds, his energy decreased,  he stopped eating, and then  stopped drinking. dr finch ordered some more bloodwork( im thinking the valley fever came raging back). the results should that it was NOT the valley fever. after studying the bloodwork , he determined  that it was addisons disease. the test is very expensive and dr finch was conifident that it was addisons.so i agreed to do the test. the test results showed , without a doubt, that it was addisons disease. pete was administered a steroid , and he perked up a little bit,and started eating and drinking again on his own. dr finch administered the meds for addisons, and he really perked up. then a week later, for an unknown reason, pete slipped into addisonian crisis. dr finch was available for me after hours to help coach me thru it, and get pete stabilized with meds. i cant say enough about how kind, smart, and caring dr finch and his staff is. petes life has been saved 3 times, and 2 of those times were because of dr finch and his staff.........
Dr. Patty is a great person and was always great with my two cats. She has a great sense of humor and is very intelligent. Her and the staff are very friendly and always made me and the cats feel comfortable when there for a visit. I moved out of state and miss this clinic and would recommend it to everyone.
We have been taking our cat here for several years, and the previous cat too.  Service & care is wonderful.  The staff is caring, makes prompt appointments, and really pays attention to you and your animal.  Dr. Pat is very nice and explains the issues with your animals carefully.  They are also reasonably prices and accomodating.  I really recommend this Vets.  (I could only hope for this level of care from a people's doctor's office..)
Dr. Patty is wonderful!  She treated us (and our cat) like family.  She was kind and helpful, and especially sympathetic to our sick kitty.  She took the time to explain our options and their costs, which was great.     It's been less than a week, and they have already called 3 times to check in on our cat.     The pricing was fair.  It was $57 for the office visit, $50 for an antibiotic shot, and $90 for labs.  I would gladly pay it again here.
Dr. Patty is awesome, very caring, and doesn't try to be a know it all. The staff is great, and the service is fast. I'm so glad I found them. The menagerie of friendly cats is a wonderful experience. I always enjoy taking my fur babies here because they enjoy it.
After a terrible experience with another area vet, I switched my Mr Rileyface Pussycat Head III, Esq to Estrella for a kinder, gentler touch. Thankfully kitty has not had a medical emergency since we switched, but goes in regularly for shots, checkups, etc. The staff is friendly and professional, you don't have to wait weeks for an appointment and waiting room time before appointments is minimal. I wish my person doctor's office was this user friendly!    Because of kitty's health history he must eat special prescription food, and this office always has plenty of it in stock - unlike many other offices where you have to order it two weeks ahead of time. Trust me, if you saw my nearly 18-pound cat you'd know that waiting around for food is NOT an option.    Reserving the fifth star for something that really knocks my socks off, but until then, 4 stars sums up my kitty-friendly experience perfectly.
I have both my cats on one of the Wellness Plans that Banfield offers. I pay $46/mo (both cats included) and it has been worth it. Shots, teeth cleaning, comprehensive exams..all covered. Ive checked into pet insurance and it was more expensive..Plus they're open on the weekends and it couldnt be more convenient. They have always been great with my cats so I have not a single complaint with this location and recommend them.
Our kitty was struck ill quickly and unexpectedly overnight and was completely unable to move his lower half. Roadrunner Animal Hospital is not our usual vet, but is the closest to our home so we went in as soon as they opened.    We had no idea how bad our cat was, but the Dr. explained in great detail why he was unlikely to come back from the condition. We made the difficult decision to end his suffering and the staff and vet were extremely supportive and compassionate. They were quick with the tissues and hugs and we appreciate that they took the time to comfort us. The techs made us ceramic footprints to remember our pet, and washed and folded the towels we used to carry him in.
We were referred by another vet office that was booked, RRAH was able to give me a same day appointment on a FRIDAY. I was SO thankful. Th front desk person was very helpful and understanding. I loved our vet and the vet techs ALL were SO nice and good with our cat. They gave us 4 treatment plans, I even called the next day as out kitty was still struggling with his bladder and they were so accommodating. I didn't have to drag our cat back in to be seen and they happily got us some anti spasm medicine that helped immediately. I've been to one other vet hospital and it was far from this awesome experience, oh and our vet called to follow up and make sure our cat was feeling better! Well done, definitely going to stick to going here!
After our elderly cat stopped eating and drinking water for a couple of days we took him to VCA.  Paid $230 for blood test and urine analysis, which after taking our cat to two other vets, it was a complete rip off!  That $230 included a "free" exam.  Oh, and they tried to bill us for the "free" exam and had them take it off our bill.    The vet said they were going to call us the next day to inform us about our cat's blood and urine results.  Around noon the next day we didn't get a call so we called them.  The receptionist said the vet was busy and she will call us back in an hour.  THREE hours went by, so around 3:00pm we called AGAIN.  The receptionist said the vet will call us back at 5:00pm.  Well at 4:55pm, we still didn't get a call.  Third time's the charm right?  We finally were able to speak to the vet!    If the above reasons haven't convinced you yet, keep reading...    The vet's diagnosis was that our cat was being picky with his food and recommended that we experiment with different types of food.  No hydration shot or medication for our cat, just experiment with different types of food.  All that for $230!      After experimenting with various foods, our cat still wouldn't eat or drink and he only got worse.  We took him to Oasis for a second opinion and after conducting a ultrasound, the vet could see masses in our cat's stomach and pancreas.  We definitely wasn't expecting such heavy news.  What's worse is that VCA MISDIAGNOSED our elderly cat and only prolonged his suffering.  If we didn't get a second opinion, our cat would have probably died from liver disease.      Our experience at VCA is the epitome of veterinary malpractice; misdiagnosing and overcharging.
Horrible experience with Dr Lisa (didn't catch her last name). I've used this vet before and I like Dr Winn. But I won't go back after the way I was just treated by a business that potentially would've received $500 or more from me.      Dee at the front desk has a terrible, unfriendly, unwelcoming attitude.  The vet wanted ME to decide on a course of treatment which made me feel like the reason I waited in the exam room for almost an hour was because she was Googling the condition on the internet based on what I told the young lady at check in!!     Ultimately, I didn't like the way she grabbed my docile, calm cat to begin the exam. Then when I (yes, ME) wasn't sure if the infection was bladder or uterine related she got very condescending and unprofessional. I put my cat back in her carrier, walked out and checked Yelp in the car for another vet and made an appointment elsewhere for later today. I wish Dr Winn would clean house. Jess, at the front desk, is a sweetheart. His business could be so much better without the dead weight.
I haven't had a pet since I moved out here with my lifestyle and travel I felt would not accommodate a pet. Two years ago one of my neighbors left behind a cat when they moved out (so sad please nobody ever do this) The average life span on a stray Cat is 2 to 6 years although statistics will vary.  This poor little guy came up to me after awhile and was so hungry I fed him, needless to say we adopted each other.     I needed to find a vet and get him checked out, a friend refered me to Sunrise Vet Clinic, Dr Henderson.  It is a older clinic but if the Dr is good I don't mind.  He was so nice, kind and gentle to my kitty.      So I recently had a abscess on my KitCat I've never seen that before so I texted my friend she gave me the number to call of the receptionist she returned my call off hours (I dont know if this is normal) she made a appt for before opening hours to get KitCat in to get help. Again he was so kind and gentle my cat wasn't even scared while he was being examined.    They have been very understanding about payments and let you know about the options of different drugs and prices of them before you pay.    The clinic is out of my way and a bit older but nicely kept and the people who work there are amazing.  I think it is worth it for my new best friend and his comfort.  I will definitely be back with my KitCat
The receptionist (Jesse) seemed a bit distracted or maybe apathetic, but the two nurses and the doctor more than made up for his lack of sparkle.  My girls haven't been to the vet in a while, and no one made me feel bad about it. They were kind and gentle to my girls, and very patient with their nervous mother.  The cost was on the lower end to comparable services in area, and the business is long-established. Photos of family, friends, colleagues, and records of accomplishment can be viewed around the waiting area. The art in the exam room was a satire cartoon of cats as Norman and Norma Bates, I think.. so I am presuming this vet has a cynical side. I am digging it.  We found our neighborhood vet!
I don't know how to rate our experience. Everything was fine in the cat section until they brought the boxes out for the "euths". A few minutes before closing I would say about twelve boxes were set out for cats and even kittens(!) that were being taken out of the adoption center to meet their demise. My main complaint against that is Lied should do that afterhours! To see such the reality of pet overpoplulation was very shocking. My wife left in tears.   Enough about that, my main reason for writing is to say SPAY and NEUTER your animals, and if you have some extra room in your heart and life, please run (don't walk )and adopt an animal!    UPDATE: I went back the next day to adopt a cat we had seen. "Harpo" (now Fritz) was still there. I did notice how empty it looked now that the other felines were taken away. All the staff I interacted with were very nice and the place is very clean. Fritz was not yet fixed, so I had to come back on Sunday to pick him up.  Sunday we picked him up and brought him home. More friendly staff interaction. I ended up giving Lied 4 stars because of the many good aspects of the place. I did not give five stars because of the "euth" incident.  Go down today and adopt a lifetime friend!
Have adopted 2 cats from here. The staff is very friendly & helpful. The cats were healthy and playful. Very clean & sanitary.
Adopted 2 cats from here last year. It is a kill shelter, but that may be a good thing in the long run. It would very expensive to keep every stray alive and healthy for their full life. They do the best they can with what they have. We need to educate people to get their pets fixed.     First cat was a tortie girl that hid in the back of the cage. When the staff guy tried to drag her out she growled. He put a note on her cage about that. I did not adopt that day, but I couldn't help but think there was a good chance that girl would get a death sentence. Not a bad cat, just really afraid of everything. I went back and she was still there so I adopted her. I also donated $100. (patches)    So Patches just hid for a couple weeks, more than a normal cat would. I decided to get a second cat to see if she would socialize better. I picked a black 4 month old boy with a broken tail. This guy was just the opposite. (curly) Curly never hid. He found Patches and chased her everywhere.     Patches is starting to come out of her shell and lets me pet her a little. BTW, you never know what or who you will see at the shelter. When I was there the second time I saw this blond with big tits adopting a ferret. I knew I had seen her before. She said she was adopting the ferret, Nancy, to be a chum for her other ferret, Sid. I remembered her name on the way home, Holly Madison. Turns out she does a lot for the shelter. Way to go Holly.
I just received a note from an employee of Lied that I will share, "I know it's an old posting but I work as an adoption counselor at Lied and the cats that are moved right before closing are not the euth cats. All of the cats that got adopted and still need to be spayed or neutered have to be moved to surgery holding in the main building for the doctors in the morning. Our staff is very discrete on moving the unfortunate euth cats each day. Hopefully your wife will find comfort in knowing those cats she cried over that day all got adopted and are in happy loving homes most likely as I type. : )"  It is possible I misheard what was going on. I wasn't eavesdropping. This adoption counselor said they are discrete-that was my only rbig complaint.  That said, I think the employees were great and the cat area was very clean and tons of signs stating that you should use hand sanitizer between handling different cats--a very good idea. Fritz is still an awesome cat, I don't forsee our getting another cat for 5 years or so, but Lied would be the top of our list. If you love animals, and can offer them a great home ,go and adopt one today!
I am a cat lover!  I would have one of every kind but know I couldn't be able to handle more than a few at one time.  I have had cats all my life and they can be wonderful pets.  We wanted to pick up a kitten, we knew that the spring would yield more but we stopped in to take a look.    The selection was limited as far as the young ones, they had plenty of older cats, I had two already, one solid black and one black and white, both short hair.  My husband and I were drawn to a five month old, orange and white long hair.  His eyes were carmel colored and so expressive.      After a few minutes of play, we knew he'd come home with us and it was done.  He gave us fit in the carrier on the way home, crying and carrying while in the car, once home, he was out of the box and immediately became friends with our other two.  He was a great addition.      We have had picked up three cats from the shelter and haven't regretted it at all.  I know that not all animals here are rescued but it's a great place for a cute cuddly pet, so stop by and try not to take them all home with you!
I've adopted 3 kittens from here now. I am always recommending animal foundation to every one I know. You cant get a price like this anywhere else which includes a 14 day vet guarantee and covered costs up to $500. I only dislike how nobody ever answers the phone.
0 stars! They are killers! Took a cat in and he was put down in 24 hours. They said he had a "medical condition" yet didn't even do bloodwork. I had already had numerous tests done on him and had the records faxed to them. I was told that if he wasn't able to be put up for adoption that they would try to place him in an animal rescue. They didn't try to do anything. They just killed him.
Being the animal lover that I am and not being able to claim ALL of these animals as my own, I decided to look into volunteering opportunities with the Animal Foundation.     They take in THOUSANDS of animals each year and it's sad whether big or small, fat, skinny,  just born, a stray, surrendered, all of these animals deserve to be loved.     I finished up volunteer orientation (they have various dates and locations to attend), and volunteer training (conveniently on weekends) and as soon as finals are over I am volunteering my hours as soon and as much as I can. They're adorable and are so excited to see and feel human touch.     If you are considering a new pet, please stop by the Animal Foundation prior to "picking one off CL" or paying hundreds-thousands of dollars for a forever companion.
We went to rescue a baby kitten and was turned down because I didn't want them contacting a landlord due to fees . I think it's sad they turned it down and when my bf said he would keep it at his house they still said no because they didn't want the kitten at my house . SO we had to find a kitten another way. Sad they say to rescue fur babies but we couldn't our kids were sad leaving this place instead of happy .
I've been taking my cats to Dr. B for over 8 years and he is always so friendly, caring, and loving towards my animals. He always gives the best advice on how to treat your animal. AAA offers fair pricing and I would recommend them to others.
I'll try to make this short. We found Dr. B / AAA Clinic by Yelp reviews. I needed to have my cat's eye looked at and treated. Turns out Dr. B was able to use a less abrasive way to diagnose the issue and method of treatment, than my previous Vet and the first opinion I got here in town. This kitty (I have two) happens to be a REAL piece of work when it comes to dealing with a Vet. She is almost impossible, in fact. She totally freaks out!! This stresses my out even more, because I love her so darn much and hate to see her so upset. Dr. B was the most patient and took his time to care for my kitty. And he was great about keeping me calm and assured as well. Long story short, he was able to give her the best and (in my opinion) the most attentive care needed and the costs were such a breath of fresh air! Also, the meds he gave me suggests a much more thorough approach to her healing. I am soooo glad I found this Vet / Clinic! I will definitely be taking both cats there as long as I'm in the Vegas area. I absolutely recommend!!!
I have been to three different veterinary clinics since moving to Vegas and I am so glad I found this place.  My poor cat is getting to that age where he has several problems, needs medications and somewhat frequent checkups.  Their staff is wonderful.  I am often stopping by to pick up special food or meds and have been helped, at one time or another, by all of their front office staff.  Everyone has been very friendly and helpful.      But, hands down the best has been Dr. Ley.  I am so glad that she has been there to help with some of the medical problems that have come up for my cat.  Even when I can see the waiting room is full and I am sure she is busy, she always takes the time to answer my questions or return my phone calls.  Their service extends beyond paid visits to those occasions where I have a question and they have a vet return my call with information.       On two occasions I have been to other vets at this clinic and liked them both.  However, I prefer the continuity of sticking with the same vet and would recommend this place to anyone.    Also, they have office hours every day of the week and are open until 10pm on weekdays.
I have been to several different veterinary clinics in Vegas since I got my best friend, Jerry, over ten years ago.  West Flamingo Animal Hopsital is a very good clinic although it is a bit pricey.  Except for the bitchy receptionists, they have an exceptional staff and the place is as clean as a whistle.  I have always been able to get an appointment very easily and when I get there, there is no waiting at all.    Dr. Yach is so kind and so knowledgable.  I have learned so much from him.    Open 7 days a week!  The business hours of West Flamingo could not be more convenient.  They open at 8am and close at 10pm Monday through Friday and 8am-5pm on Saturday and Sunday.    They also have a fantastic website (westflamingo.com).  I use the Pet Portal to keep organized.  It has all of Jerry's history, current medications, shots, etc., along with reminders for future appointments and vaccinations.  I was even able to upload Jerry's photo in the Pet Gallery!  Check him out!.   He's adorable!    Thank you West Flamingo Animal Hospital and Dr. Yach for taking such care of my best friend.
This place has the most caring and loving Doctors and Staff...I've been going here for 11 years!! They've taken care of my beloved 12 year old cat and even our little rats we had!!
DO NOT bring your animal here!!!  Dr. Stefanatos prescribed a medication that KILLED my pet!!!  I will forever miss my little guy.  If you are looking for a holistic doctor pkease go to Dr. Brandt at Natural Care Institute..
Stay away from this vet! First the receptionist is the rudiest meanest person in Las Vegas.! How this lady is in a medical field where one should have compassion is beyond me!   I took my cat there on an emergency basis. I liked that dr s is holistic and I have had good experiences w her on wellness visits. However on an emergency basis- IT WAS THE MOST HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE EVER!   I won't get into details too much but basically she told me my cat had an infection because he had dirty teeth.. I only got this response after dr would not return my call for TWO DAYS! And this was an emergency to them.?    Anyway during the TWO DAYS it took to get that gem of a diagnosis from her, cat's health was still declining.  So took him to another vet who found he has a mass in his gi Tract (which maybe cancer- we are investigating as i write) causing bloody stool. He spent night in hospital w iv fluids and antibiotics.  How could this person missed this?  I am hurt and speechless.  Oh did i mention the secretary refused to send my cat's medical records to the emergency vet?!  oh yea- super ethical as well as mean.    Her dirty practice and rude staff needs retire. Go elsewhere.
The staff is so friendly and very helpful. They took the time to talk to me on the phone about switching to their location from a different animal hospital. It was very refreshing to walk in and have such a pleasant staff at the desk and on the phone. The doctor did an excellent job, he was very gentle with my puppies. I really appreciated that the doctor asked me if I would like for him to do their shots in the back, or in front of me. I'm very glad I switched to this Animal Hospital!
They did an alright job, I mean they did get the job done which was to spay my bunny. The staff didn't know much about rabbits, when I called the person on the line said they don't get rabbits often so they are unsure about the procedures given. It made me feel uneasy, but I went ahead anyways cause they do it cheap (90-100$)  When I got there, the staff kept questioning me about how to raise my bunny, and what my daily routine was cause they were curious. When Dr.Kempf came in he just told me the price and that they would have to put her to sleep. I asked about any other cost of medication and he just told me it would be $10 extra.  I got the bill and it was $30 extra, and well I was just prepared to pay about $100. It seemed like they just did the procedure and just told me the price, I didn't really get any details on what was going on.  I'm not entirely sure if they're good or not, I mean they didn't really know how to handle picking up my bunny or even know information about the care of bunnies.  In the end, I wouldn't come back because it makes me feel as if my pets are not in the right hands.
Great location, great staff. Dr Wiggers was fantastic. We are new to the area so having a great vet like this is comforting.
So, I mentioned a while ago I was boarding my 13 yr old cat here for 17 days. I didn't want to have her in the car in a crate for 16+ hours a day driving to Ohio...  I spoke with Dr Wiggers about my concerns. I didn't want her to lose 2 lbs like she did at the petsmart hotel (was only at that place for 7 days..)  Awesome experience. Not only did Dr Wiggers check on her, but the two boarding techs did, and a vet assistant. When she didn't eat her dry food they gave her wet food.  They let me setup her little room with her catnip and blanket.  Obviously I was anxious to see her when we got back, so after unloading the car we went straight there.  lolol! Instead of losing weight she gained a few lbs. Easily fixable, but I could tell she was much better taken care of.  Happy kitty = happy mommy!
Dr. Wiggers was really great with my cat, and with me as well. She took care of all my concerns, and helped make sure I wasn't paying for anything unnecessary. She followed up personally to let me know how the lab results came out.   The rest of the staff was efficient and friendly, and were able to work me in right away without an appointment. I'll be coming back.
I started taking my pets here because my old vet was just realy disappointing during the time when one of my cats got really sick.  For a couple of months, my old vet place ran a ton of tests, always only to find nothing wrong with my cat, even though he was obviously sick. After hundreds and hundreds of dollars and at my wits end, my boss suggested I take all the lab results and bring it to her vet for a second look.  Dr. Parantula at Warm Springs Animal Hospital examined my cat and really looked carefully over the lab results and found some abnormalities that my vet had either obviously missed or just chose to ignore.    It turned out that my cat had stomach cancer.  At the end of it all, I had to put him down.  I ended up doing it at Warm Springs rather than my old vet.  A week later, my old vet called to see if I wanted to do more labs.  I told him no, because my cat had already died, and thanks for caring.      For anyone who has lost a pet, you understand how heartbreaking it can be.  I feel like if I had had the right vet from the beginning, I might have been better prepared.  I didn't even reallize something was REALLY wrong until Dr. P noticed the abnormalities on my cats lab results from the old vet.    Needless to say I've been going to Warm Springs to see Dr. P ever since with my other pets.  They are all so personable there and really care what happens to your pets.  I don't have to feel doubt when they tell me a diagnosis or that everything is okay because I know they've gone above and beyond to make sure they've thought of everything.      They also work with my boss on a ton of animal rescues.  She says they are the only vet she trusts, and now I know why.
We have taken our cats to see Dr. Gockerman at Paradise Pet Hospital since we got them in March 2011. She is always professional and loves animals. The staff at Paradise Pet Hospital is friendly and helpful. Dr. Gockerman has given our cats loving, attentive care and gave us great advice on socializing our shy kitten. We continue to appreciate the quality of service at Paradise Pet Hospital.
Our family has been going to this veterinary clinic for over 30 years.  Wonderful staff, clean and caring.  We love Dr. Dolginoff and recommend him for your pets needs.    And as a side note, they have been in business for years, not all the years at this location. So for people who feel the need to correct my information, please don't. Thanks.
The staff at Tropicana Animal Hospital are great. The Doc that worked on our cat Pepper was Patrick he had great communication skills and explained everything to us so we understood all of our options.
A few weeks ago I came in with my cat, Sensi. I don't see a regular doctor there, yet but it's mostly because EVERYONE is so wonderful there that I can't choose. On this occasion I saw Dr. Tennard (Amazing) He let me know that unfortunately my kitty was very ill and most likely had cancer. I took her home with me to spend some time with her and brought her in a week later to put her down so that she wouldn't have to suffer anymore. After all she was 13 years old and lived a very full life. When I arrived everyone was very sweet and very respectful and seemed sad for us. As I was saying my goodbyes the doctor gave me a huge hug and told me that he would take very good care of her. As I left I met the same kindness. 4 days later I received a card in the mail from the whole staff sending their condolences. It means so much to me that they cared enough to do that. It shows a true love, respect and understanding of how important these animals are to us. I will be a forever client of Tropicana Animal Hospital!
This is a great place. They never try to upsell you and they often charge nothing for a followup. They are really great people. Dr. Anast has taken care of my cats for years and I can't speak too highly of him.
decided to take my cat here based on the great reviews.BIG MISTAKE!  Dr.Anast took one look at my cat, based on my description of what was going on with him and proceeded to tell me "I have a VERY sick Kitty"  cost=500.00 to tell me my kitty was very healthy, just depressed!  i dont know about you, but a price like that made me depressed!   never going back, except to get copies of labs and xrays, had a great experience with Flamingo Pet Clinic
I have been taking our animals to this vet since we moved to Las Vegas 11 years ago.  Very caring and compassionate staff.  I had to have my cat of 17 years put down today and Dr. Anast was very understanding and did it at no charge.  I will always bring my animals here and have recommended him to others.  Thank you Dr. Anast.
Love love Dr. Taylor! When my cat decided to eat my childs pacifier over a year ago Dr Taylor posted me several options and explained everything for removal. He saved my terror cat! I live much father away from the office, but will take the drive! I came from using Banfield at PetSmart, never again! Dr Taylor and staff know how to work with cats that aren't always pleasant, they are willing to do what it takes to make sure the animal gets the care it needs.
We adopted a kitten from a rescue group who told us we had to take the kitten to this vet for a review, because it is there current vet.     Although I find the vets attentive and careful, I think the office is very poorly managed.  We make appointments, but we always get stuck sitting around the waiting room for 30 plus minutes waiting for our turn.  Plus they take walk ins on weekends and from what I can tell the walk ins get priority over the patients with appointments.  The last time I was there they had a vet shortage and several emergencies.  We were just coming in with a routine follow up and ended up stuck in the lobbey with our poor cat in a box for over 2 hours.  I know these things happen, but I wish the staff would have called and asked if we wanted to reschedule or told us the wait would be that bad when we got there so we could reschedule, rather than saying nothing and after 1.5 hours of waiting informing us they have had "issues all day."      Like I said good with your pets and they will catch everything, just wish I didn't have to waste so many of my hours on Saturday waiting to see them.
Moving here from Chicago in 2000, it was imperative we find a good animal clinic where we could take our 17-year-old parrot Max for care.  Everyone recommended Flamingo Pet Clinic and they were right!  Max visits the clinic about every three months to have his beak trimmed and his wings and nails clipped.  Max loves the staff; they're so gentle with him, and the doctors are so concerned, making sure they address any questions and concerns.  There are also many pet items (foods, treats, vitamins, etc.) for sale at the clinic, and they also will board your pet if you go on vacation.  Through the years Max was boarded there a couple of times for over a week and he loved it!  When we picked him up to take him home he would be very talkative and bossy, a good sign he was comfortable in his home away from home.  Max will have a birthday soon, he'll be 30 years!  He's healthy, active and feisty; thanks for over 14 years of good vet care from Flamingo Pet Clinic!  We'd recommend them always to take care of your family members.
We recently had a sick bird who we took to this location and unfortunately it was too late for them to do anything as she had died once we arrived but the doctor went out of her way to come out of surgery to see her and tell us why she passed. The entire staff was extremely kind and we even received a small package from the hospital containing a card of condolence and a beautiful poem about loss. This was very unexpected and above and beyond anything I have ever encountered from a vet in the past and cannot say thank you enough to them. I HIGHLY recommend this hospital to anyone with a pet as it's hard to find strangers who genuinely care about your pet and you. Thank you so very much.    -Jennifer & George
I had a wonderful experience with this vet office.  Dr. Schexinder, was able to diagnose a relatively unusual dental disorder on my cat (previously missed and dismissed by other vets).  She was sweet and nice, spent lots of time discussing the problem and gave me extra reading material about it from her own personal vet books.      My cat ended up having major surgery and they were very cautious about making sure he was ready and healthy to go home.  Everyone I have encountered was nice and professional, they were exceptionally sweet to my sometimes cranky and anxiously pet.  Plus they have wonderful hours for those of us we work 9-5 M-F.  I was able to drop my cat off for surgery before work and pick him up after work.    As for the previous review, I am not sure if they remodeled, but they have lots of reception seating, that is in clear view of the reception desk.  There has always been at least one person (usually 2 or more) at reception and I have never had to wait longer than 3 minutes to be shown into an exam room and I never waited longer than 10 minutes for a vet or vet tech to come to the exam room.
I took my cat in to be boarded for a few days and to get neutered. When he came home he was very lethargic and wouldn't eat or drink. He actually wouldn't even really move and would hide under the covers all day which he never did before.    I assumed this was all normal considering all he had been through and we had just moved into a new apartment.     Well, I noticed last night that he was licking at a huge laceration on his lower abdomen. I must not have noticed it before because he has long hair and must've been keeping it clean and had been hiding so much.    I called the vet and all she could say is that it's unfortunate that he was hurt and it didn't happen there. I know it sure didn't happen in my apt bc I literally took him from the vet to the new empty apt that still has no furniture so there is nothin sharp. I only have an air mattress and I've checked to make sure there aren't any sharp objects anywhere.    So now my poor cat just had his second surgery in 7 days and is so traumatized. I definitely didn't take him back but to another vet. Beware!!!!
Dr Wong saved my cat's life!    She admitted him immediately for Iv fluids and  Antibiotics, after my 'regular vet' said he was fine-he wasnt!   She still calls to check on him!   Also I had hard time giving him his oral meds so I brought him back and they gave him his pills for me for no charge !
Dr. Diaz is amazing!  I have been taking all my animals to this pet hospital for nearly 10 years.  They helped me take care of my 18 year old cat and were so kind and compassionate to my two labradors.  I now have an asthmatic cat that sees Dr. Diaz once a month for treatment and he is doing great. Their rates are excellent and I always know exactly what the charges will be before my pets receive treatment.      I cannot recommend Dr. Diaz enough!  I wish I could give this vet 10 stars!
I can't say enough good things about Dr. Hewitt and Dr. Lopez and their fabulous staff at Cheyenne West.  I have spent many hours with vets after being a special needs foster for shelters and rescues, so I've seen the spectrum!  I was referred to them by a friend who used to work there as a tech, especially because of Dr. Hewitt's specialty in animal dentistry.  They are always friendly and helpful, and were very kind when I had a beloved cat get diagnosed with a chronic disease.  Both doctors spent time with me discussing different options and diagnostic tests, and were wonderful with my pets.  When my cat's tests results came back, Dr. Hewitt spent close to a half hour on the phone with me explaining each result and what they meant.  I was so impressed with his "bedside manner" and how he handled such a complicated case.  Their pricing is very competitive and will help you file a claim if you have pet insurance.  Even though I moved 40 minutes away, I still make the drive to this clinic because they are so fabulous.
Unfortunately I have spent a lot of time at Cheyenne West lately. We adopted a cat from Dewey Animal shelter in February. Cheyenne West is one of the places that gives free checkups for cats adopted from the shelter, so we brought him in to get checked out. I could tell that something did not look right with his ears. Dr. Lopez discovered he had an ear infection. It appears he's had chronic ear infections for quite some time, so I had to bring him in for a few followups. The infection is now gone. They never charged me for the followup visits.    My other cat has also been spending quite a bit of time at the vest. About a week or so ago my wife called and said that he was foaming at the mouth. I told her to take him in right away. They were able to see him immediately. Dr. Lopez called me to explain everything that was going on with him and to explain our options. He ended up having to stay a couple of nights there. Dr. Lopez called to say it appeared he had a severe case of pancreatitis. She explained everything in detail and again gave me my options. When I picked him up they sent me home with an antibiotic. He looked very bad. I don't think Dr. Lopez or I thought he would make it through the weekend. He wasn't eating or drinking. They game him an appetite stimulant and pain medicine. He is still on the road to recovery, but he's eating, drinking, purring and about 90% better. I thought for sure I was going to lose him. I am very grateful to Dr. Lopez for helping pull him out of the woods.
We too have been with Cheyenne West since the days when they were actually on Cheyenne. When we "interviewed" Dr Lopez for the job of taking care of our kids she got right down on the floor with them and exhibited the kind and very gentle demeanor that we find essential. She is very good about explaining all the complicated facets involved in veterinary medicine.  They are not the most reasonably priced clinic in town but we find value in the amount charged. Just be patient with the front desk staff. They are the only weakness we have found. While not quite rude, they are not overly friendly either. Simply efficient might be a kind way to describe them. We are on our third generation of pets with Dr Lopez and we trust her with their lives. What more can I say...
I don't know why I wrote 6 reviews before reviewing this place. I have two cats, and I've been bringing them here since 2005 (although the building was off of Cheyenne Ave until about 5 or 6 years ago.  Very good receptionists and doctors' assistants, but the doctors and surgeons are beyond great. I took one of my cats to have her eye removed (infection), and I still shake my head over how good the surgeon was (her last name was Dr. Lopez, but this was a few years ago). I myself have had a bunch of surgeries, and there's always been some sort of post-op problem (minor infection, etc.), but this eye surgery had no problems at all, none. Amazing.  Our regular doctor (he also does surgery on pets' teeth, but we haven't needed that yet), is Dr. Hewitt, and he is also very good. I have one cat who doesn't like to be picked up, and one who is very skittish, but both of them like Hewitt, even when he probes and prods them.  The only complaint that I have is on the prices of the prescription food. A can of their cat food costs more than a can of tuna fish, which I think is crazy, but what can I do.  On the other hand, Dr. Hewitt has given me a lot of breaks on our office visits.  Their new location is just down the block from my house, so that's always a plus.  Overall, my cats like it there, so that's all that matters.
Cheyenne West is a great vet office!  We took our cat here for a check up before we move across the country with her.  We needed to get a check up, updated vaccines, and some happy pills to make her more happy during the 19 hours we will be in the car with her.      Everyone we encountered was super friendly and helpful.  The front desk staff was nice, the vet tech was friendly and good with our cat, and the vet was just awesome.  You can tell they all really like animals and enjoy their jobs.  Nice!    We also had a great sit down with the vet.  He gave us a ton of info about all of the new vaccines and tips on traveling with a cat.  He spent a lot of time with us and made us feel valued.  Our usually snobby cat even really liked him.  Go figure!    The reason I didn't give this place a 5 star rating was we were really late going back for our appointment.  I think we finally got called about about 25 minutes after our appointment.  Everything else they did was fantastic!    I would recommend this vet office to anyone with a furry family member!
I personally had a very good experience here today.    I called earlier today because my snake had a bunch of mites on her that came out of nowhere so I freaked out and called them. The girls at the front desk couldn't help much with my problem because they weren't familiar with snakes which is fine not many people are aware of how much trouble a snake could be if it ever is trouble. They left my number for the doctor to call me back because he was in the middle of surgery.    When he called back I explained to him my situation and that I really didn't have the money at the moment to pay for a checkup and the whole 9 so he told me the one thing they'd only charge me for was the $35 spray I'd need to treat my snake of the mites.    I went in and the doctor completely took care of my snake and explained what all I need to pick up at the store and what I need to do to treat her. There was no hidden fees or anything they remained true to their word and I only payed the $35 for the medication for her. So personally I do feel this place is very great and I will be coming back if I have anymore problems with my snake.
I am writing this review based on the only two times I needed to have my animals seen at this location..  The front desk was friendly and warm, the clinic was clean and presentable..the visits with the young male vet (I happened to have him both times) were great!  He answered all of my questions,  listened to all of my furry mama blabble, and truly took his time with each appointment. This hospital is right around the corner from my place, and I will continue to give them my business!  Great animal hospital in my opinion :)
I took my Pitbull "Boomer" here because he injured his paw. The nail was completly ripped off the quick and the raw meat was showing. The staff attended to us right away and didnt even charge me as an emergency visit. The vet was super friendly and really made me feel like I was in the right place. The preformed a "Way Back" on his paw and supplied him with Pain Medication and a cone. When I checked out the cashier showed me my invoice and the Vet waived the emergency fee of $300.00 waived the medication price of $15.00 and only charged me for the "Way Back" wich was $171.00 5 Stars all the way!!! Thank you for the excellence.
Another review liken this 'animal hospital' to a dealership. In a way I agree, except that comparison may be giving Centennial Hills Animal Hospital (CHAM) too much credit and is too unfair to dealerships.     The experience is so unpleasant I don't actually want to author this review. It is possible that for the purposes of routine shots and other 40$ treatments/procedures/matters, this animal hospital is perfectly fine. You may want to consider if it is fine or not, but I don't believe for larger, serious procedures (surgery) you should consider CHAM at all. If you are reading this because there may be something seriously wrong with your smaller animal friend, and your first choice is not to kill them, start looking for a different option now. Don't even finish reading this overly long review; just look for another Animal Hospital, please. You're welcome.    The cat that lives with us was sick. She was vomiting constantly, quite violently. We meant to take her to a higher rated Animal Hospital that is in the same area, but there was an error committed in mapping out the directions so we came to CHAM instead. What followed was the doctor taking a series of xrays (one of which was taken incorrectly, which I had to pay to have retaken at another hospital) and going to the HIGH side of a quote instantaneously. Her recommendation was so extreme (barium GI tract exploration) that the other hospital would not even believe that it was recommended by a veterinarian.      When we asked if it were possible that the xrays results be given to us in hard form so we could get another opinion when the veterinarian was going to show us her findings (this is post-the barium recommendation), she abruptly shut down the presentation/sales pitch for barium and stormed out of the room. It was like a bad SNL skit (think Will Ferrell as a doctor).     They charged an extra 5$ for the CD that the xray results were placed in.     In the end, the poor cat was just constipated. You can't make this shit up. - E
I came here when my cat suffered sudden weight loss. She was suffering from renal failure; I asked them to do everything they could to save her, but unfortunately nothing could be done and I lost her. The bills were massive, but I made every arrangement I could to cover them; I maxed my credit cards, paid out my entire savings, and opened a new credit card just to pay more. After that I was left with less than 1/4 of my balance. Unfortunately, I was laid off my job the next week, now with no income, savings, or credit. I explained the situation to them and said that I would pay soon, but would need a couple months to get new work. When I finally got a new job and called them to make payment arrangements, they had already sold it to a collection agency and killed my credit. Despite my requests they did nothing to remedy the situation. I paid the rest of the debt to the credit agency, but will not go here again.
When I lived in Vegas this was my faithful vet office for the past 6 years. All of the staff are friendly and professional. They really care about animals. Instead of rushing and forcing my cats for samples, opted to keep them during the day at no extra cost.    The place is kept clean and though it smells like animals it doesn't reek of animal filth. Whenever I asked questions, the doctors took time to answer them and make sure I understood. They also have weekend hours which is next to impossible to find without paying out the ass.    This a trustworthy, caring facility. If I return to Vegas, you can bet your sweet cheeks this who I will trust to look after and care for my fur babes.
I have been a client of Dr. Neil Patton (Rainbow Animal Hospital) for over 14 years.  Dr. Patton has treated all of my 13 greyhounds and 3 cats past and present throughout these years.  He and his support staff are always very conscientious of my feelings and show the utmost professionalism in their practice.  Dr. Patton and his associates are very knowledgeable in all aspects of veterinary care of my greyhounds.  I've often referred Dr. Patton as my Greyhound Guru.  Whatever the case may be, he always explains the issue in layman's terminology and addresses the different options that can be followed to pursue the correct treatment.  I've always walked away feeling that my greyhounds are in the best of care with him and his support staff.  Always has shown the "extra" mile when it comes to his practice.  Every year the staff always waits for the GREYFAB3 or 4 or 5 whatever the number may be to come in dressed as Santa and Missy Santa and the Reindeer to bring gifts and cheer amongst them.  It always brings a smile and hug to everyone in the office.  I'm very pleased, appreciative and thankful to have such a wonderful veterinarian and support staff care for my "kids" also known as 45 mile an hour couch potatoes.
We have 3 cats , office staff always ask if we've been helped. Dr's always have follow up calls , best of all prices seem resonably
This place is great.  We tried a "cat" specialist first, but was very disappointed, so we tried Durango and have been happy very since.  My 21y/o finally passed from old age and complications of a tumor.  They were helpful with his finally care.      Then came our shelter cat that brought to the house the shelter virus, we went to Durango for his care and then the subsequent care of our other cat.  They are very compassionate and take their time to make follow up calls.  They send reminder post cards for their vaccines and teeth cleaning appointments. And the prices seem to be reasonable compared to the other place we had tried.      Now they have a cute web site that allows you to post your pets photo's and check on their records.  Just a great animal hospital.
I hate to say it, but we did not have a good experience here. A while back, our Bengal cat was acting pretty strange. I don't know how to explain it, but he was meowing like crazy, seemed to be in pain, and would lose balance when trying to walk. The two vet hospitals that I usually go to were closed, so I came here because it was close to my home and they were still open that evening. Yes, the one thing I do like about this place is that they are open 7 days a week and close at 8pm on weekdays. I called ahead of time and they were nice enough to tell me to come in right away.     The first doctor that we saw said that our cat had glaucoma, and I was sent home with 2 small, expensive bottles of eye drops. We came back a few days later for a follow up. We were set up with another doctor since the one we saw previously wasn't working that day. This doctor said that it could be "something else" and its possible that he doesn't have glaucoma. He ordered a bunch of tests - blood work, x-rays and a few other ones. Of course we had agreed because we were very concerned about our baby. We even agreed to have him stay at the hospital for a few nights, hoping that the doctors would monitor him and find out what was wrong. When the test results came back, they basically told us that everything looked good, but because they knew something was wrong and did not know what it was, we got referred to a specialist.     So we took him to the doctors at the veterinary neurological center. I won't even mention how much we spent there, but at least they gave us some answers. Our cat had a really bad ear infection. Which explained why he was walking funny and had high eye pressures. Anyway, what I cannot understand is why the doctors at Durango could not figure out that he had a ear infection. I mean, isn't that one of the more common problems that they would see? Another odd thing is that the doctor at the neurological center explained that surgery would be a good option. They called the doctors at Durango and asked if they could perform this type of surgery and of course answered that they were not comfortable with doing it. So we got referred to another specialist.     It makes me wonder if the doctors here really did know that our cat had a bad ear infection, but because they did not want to do a surgery, they decided not to deal with it and sent us to another doctor. I guess I'll never know, but one thing is for sure, I won't be returning.
My favorite vet is no longer here, but I still connected with Dr. McDermitt.  He and his staff provide excellent care of my cats.      They seem very busy however, and it pays to be patient, they have a huge amount of employees, but the number of pets coming in the door, it's overwhelming.     The appointment was on time, the care performed was excellent, and they called to update and arrange for pick up time.  Services are excellent, staff excellent, good place for veterinary care.
We've always had good luck with Vets, but our trip to All About Cats was the best experience we've had a vet ever. One of our cats has been in not so good health for the last couple months, and our other vets treated her for a UTI but she still seemed under the weather. They had even suggested the unthinkable as this cat is a senior cat. Knowing that our cat was still in her prime we went for a second opinion. I found reviews of AAC on other websites, and thought this could be a good place to go. The facility is one of the cleanest vets I've ever been into, and the staff is very friendly, very prompt and very caring. We were able to get an appointment with 2 days notice, which was great. When we met with the vet tech, she spent about 15 minutes with us going over the ins and outs of their philosophy and a bit of our cat's history. Once we met with the Dr. she did a thorough examination, and she spent over 30 minutes with us getting a feel for what was going on with our cat. We have never had that much time with a vet before. When we explained that our previous vet had suggested the unthinkable option this Dr. said she was not going to suggest that today...this is the kind of thinking I appreciate in any kind of Dr. After they ran tests on our cat, the Dr. spent another 15 minutes going over the results and the course of treatment. Our other vet didn't catch some other issues that were going on with our cat, and didn't fully treat the UTI. Now we have a positive course of action that will allow our cat to regain her health. We have decided to bring both our cats here now.   The prices were pretty consistent with our other vet, and worth every penny.
I found Dr. Koppe after we moved here 10 years ago, and our kids have gone here for their physicals and shots ever since.  The practice has grown and there are now three veterinarians in the practice.    I find that the staff is caring and the specialty of dealing only with cats is great!    Our two long hairs were adopted from Dr. Koppe after they were abandoned here by someone who left them there for boarding and then abandoned them.
I've used Yelp for a few years. The reason I joined today  is to speak about this Veterinary Hospital.    Everyone in the area has seen the really cute, large, green neon cat face on Durango by Tropicana. I drove by this place for years thinking it was some kind of niche, overpriced cat place. I could not have been more wrong. Well, it is a place for cats. That was correct.    The facility:  The building is designed specifically for cats and their owners in every way. It's very clean and quiet. The decor is cat themed, but somehow still in good taste. There are even paw print recesses in the white ceiling tiles! The exam rooms are clean. There is a note up that there are litter boxes and bowls for water should you need them if you have to wait. I've not waited more than 10 mins here ever- even when coming in for a  same day, emergency appointment. There is cat literature in each room to read. The boarding area is visible from the reception area through glass. Visiting cats look really happy. They get a lot of attention. There is room for them to hide or be social. Spotless. A big flatscreen with cat programming is visible from both public and each private area.    The staff:  Techs are competent yet compassionate. I'm sure they've heard "my cat is the best cat ever" a thousand times, but you'd never know it. They want to help. They relay their experience both of owning and working with cats. They know how to handle cats so they don't freak out. They are patient with me so I don't freak out too.    My cat has seen Drs. Berquist and McCormick. They both are fantastic Vets and are extremely knowledgeable, caring, gentle and professional. Each time they give a  lengthy exam of the entire cat.They understand cats and what makes them tick. Over the last 2 years my old lady cat has been though a couple struggles and they came through for her each time. Dr. Berquist had hope when even I didn't recently. She cautiously reassured me, yet confirmed that my 1992 model cat (her words) is getting on in years and this could be the end. She took time out on Labor Day to call and make sure my cat was ok when she wasn't in. So kind. FYI Yay- not the end. :)    They are clear about price before any test or procedure. The customer is given a price sheet that is discussed. Absolute necessities are talked about. What would be good to do is next. They take their time and help with decisions. No hurry or pressure..    The receptionist even calls after to check on how my cat is doing. I wish MY doctor and staff were this good. They have a respect for their clients that I've seen in few businesses of any sort.     The clients:  Every time I'm there I end up talking to the most interesting people. This place attracts people who appreciate their pets.    It's a step higher than the best of veterinary clinics. They go the extra mile. I wouldn't consider any other. It's THE place for cats.
It's not possible to give zero stars as a rating or I would. This business is way overpriced and lacks the common compassion one would expect from a vet. When they first opened, I was delighted to find a vet exclusively devoted to cats and took all my pets there over the course of 2 years. Such an error of judgment on my part! When my elder cat had come to the end of her days and I called asking for an immediate appointment to ease her transition, I was told bluntly that (even though they were still open and less than 10 minutes drive from me), it was too late that day for an "attended" appointment but I could drop her off to be euthanized. Imagine not being with a cat you have owned for 15 years at the end of her life! I kept her home and she died the next day in my arms. At least she wasn't dropped off like a piece of meat! Save yourself a lot of grief. Go to another vet that truly loves animals and appreciates your custom.
I discovered All About Cats last year (although I'd driven past the cat shaped sign many times), and I'm very glad that I did! The facility is clean, quiet, well organized, and very cat-friendly, and the staff is amazing. My kitties got very thorough examinations, and the vet took the time to speak with me in-depth about the issues they'd been having.      My cats were encouraged to make themselves comfortable in the exam room, and there were treats everywhere for them.  Although the vet discovered some issues, she was very caring and complete in her explanation of what could be wrong and possible scenarios and solutions. They'd never received such comprehensive care.  Although they are a little pricier than some vets, I feel as though it was well worth the cost.
Where do I begin...Right before Christmas during a scheduled dental cleaning we were given devastating news that our 7 year old kitty was in renal failure. After very little information, no dental treatment performed (kitty had a couple abscessed teeth) and a bill for $700 we were informed we needed another $650 in tests to figure out what we could do.  We did some homework over the weekend, changed to renal diet foods and set out for a 2nd opinion.  I had passed the "Happy Kitty" sign of All About Cats many times on my way to work.  I called and explained our situation to the receptionist who immediately scheduled us for a consultation. The staff was so compassionate and understanding! When we arrived we felt very at ease with an immaculate non-threatening atmosphere.  The doctor and staff spent well over an hour explaining realistic treatment and expectations.  We left the office with a ton of information, new food and alot of medication. The bill was 1/3 the cost of the previous doctor that did nothing!  2 months later kitty is stable and doing very well!    Within 30 days our other kitties came down with cold, flu and upper respiratory infections.  Over the last month we have been in the office several times per week fighting different illnesses. My pets have never been ill, so this has been a difficult time. The care is outstanding. The fees are VERY reasonable. The doctors and staff call frequently to check on the kitties, even on weekends. Having women doctors is like having a mommy checking on your babies. Sorry men, women are just more compassionate!  I think they call to check on me too! I feel so blessed to have found such wonderful care for my critters. I highly recommend this office to anyone with cats. I can't say thank you enough, I really appreciate all you have done for us!!!
Much praise for the staff at All About Cats!    My cat is not the happiest when at the vet or when being boarded. We have found the staff to be attentive and understanding of her needs, despite her sometimes difficult temperament. We have even learned more about her through the technician's working with her!    When we board her or bring her in for an exam, we are confident she will receive the best care possible.
I have driven by this hospital and have seen their big cat sign many times. Earlier this year, we decided to bring our cat here after checking out their website and reading all of the good reviews here on Yelp. We were concerned about our 13 year old cat after noticing some big changes, such as how he was drinking a lot of water, vomiting more often, being picky about his food, etc, etc.    The staff and doctors were very friendly, knowledgeable and professional. We were set up with Dr. McCormick, who conducted a thorough exam of our cat and really took the time to explain everything in detail to us. She ran a few tests as well, but only the ones that were necessary in targeting the problems that our cat was having. The appointment did not seem rushed, which was great because it showed that they really do care about their patients!     The only downside was that we had an expensive bill, only to find out that there were no major problems with our boy. It turned out that he was going through normal changes that are commonly seen in senior cats. But at least we know that he is good and healthy! Excellent services and care = money worth spending.     The hospital is very clean and organized. One of the nicest vet offices I have been to. I would definitely recommend All About Cats because we had a great experience here! Its too bad that they are not open a little later in the evenings or on the weekends.
I would not recommend All About Cats.  I took my 1yr old cat here after he started developing a sore on his mouth.  They tried to sell me $500 worth of medication for him and told me he might have to be on steroids the rest of his life.  Being the sucker that I am and willing to do anything for my cat I bought the medicine after THREE doctors told me this was my only choice.  When I got home I did my own research on GOOGLE and learned that something as simple as switching from plastic food bowls to ceramic food bowls might solve the problem so I tried it and it worked. Sore was gone within a week.  No need for $500 worth of medication and a lifetime of steroids.  They couldn't have suggested this to me before I spent a fortune on medicine that I didn't even need?  Of course not- they just want your money and a business that lacks this kind of integrity is not for me.  I now go to West Flamingo Animal Hospital and have been very happy with their service.
The first time I came into the clinic was a while back and I was under-impressed. The person at the front desk seemed aloof and uninterested.    However, I came back again with my two adopted boys because I may have to board them in the future and I prefer a kitty only environment for them. The staff and vet seemed genuinely interested in my boys who are gorgeous Tonkinese! However, I do think they are driven by a business model--they tend to sell up, but I chose not to have all the testing done they suggested (the boys had the sniffles), but I took the meds and they're all better now. Everyone is kind and seem to love my beautiful kittens.    I'm very satisfied here with the service, but their prices do seem high. I am having my boys neutered at the Poppy Seed Foundation (at Bonanza Cat Hospital) clinic on the last Sunday of this month because the cost is phenomenally less expensive ($50 per kitten) and the monies are donated to the shelter there.
My last post was filtered out but completely legitimate. AAC has been amazing with our fur kids. As an update, we were able to have an extra 7 months with our kitty Mr. Sockies due to the wonderful care of Dr Mc Cormick and Dr Berquist. Fees and meds were minimal and most times they did not charge for multi cat office visits. In the end they were there for us when Mr. Sockies crossed the Rainbow bridge. Most recently our baby kitty had a luxated patella which was a design flaw from birth.  They repaired at a very reasonable cost.  Bristol now runs on 4 legs again like it never happened. The staff is consistent, the prices are affordable, the care is priceless!!!! Thanks AAC!!!
You won't find a more professional, caring and compassionate staff and doctor's then at All About Cats. The facility is always clean, fresh and welcoming. Their boarding facility is fantastic and our cat comes back as if he was on a vacation.     Recently, at his stay we found out he was ill and they took excellent care of him and have provided us with a plan of action. They recognized he was ill due to his change in behavior, because they pay attention. Their personal commitment is evident in the way they responded thru phone calls and e-mails while we were away. They did everything possible to make our cat comfy and us knowing he was in great hands.
Our Kitty was really sick and we were new to town.  Made a same day appointment and took her here.  The staff could not have been friendlier or more compassionate.  In the final analysis we had to put her down, there was no choice.  As bad as an experience like that is, they were wonderful.  Their facilities are clean and pleasant and they obviously care about cats.  Highly recommend them.
All about cats is heaven sent for me....when I moved to Las Vegas four years ago with my adorable cat Bijou I did not where to go and take my cat to....one day I drove by All about cats stopped and inquired about there service and found that they are a full service facility from your veterinarian to to boarding and grooming everything you will ever need with caring and wonderful people.....also when I wanted to travel to spend Christmas with my son in Texas I left my cat there in their boarding facility for ten days this was my first time leaving my cat in a boarding place and I used to call and ask about him but my cat was happy and was perfect when we picked him up....I highly recommend this facility to anyone I was living in Los Angeles before never saw a place like this for cats only clean, new building great people......I am very happy.
My Experience.     I went there for the boarding service (around 12days)    They did Prior Health Check, she was fine.   After I left, about 6days later, they called saying my CAT was SICK. (appreciate the call)I was worried and felt bad because it was her first time getting sick since I adopted her (1year).  I made few calls, and went back to pick her up.  I paid and saw the receipt. It was around $45 Extra for her medicines.   I questioned because First, they did the Health Check prior and Second,  they charged me W/Out letting me know. But the lady just said my cat could've born with the virus or she had it already.      I said okay, and came home.
Preferred place for my little one, staff is always professional and courteous. Every doctor that I've seen for a checkup or vaccination has been gentle, attentive and caring. Would definitely recommend this veterinary for anyone who has any cat children themselves. Have not tried the boarding but would definitely try if needed.
We have been taking our cats here since 2007. I like that they specialize in cats and seem to know what to do when my cat is sick. I also like that the place is clean and doesn't smell like cleaning solutions, or anything else animal related. I can get an appointment fairly quickly, especially if my cat is sick. It is easy to see that Dr. Berquist loves cats by how she handles them.    If they are not sure what is wrong with my cat, they will throw everything (all treatments at once) at her. They give me a print-out with all the treatments options and prices. Usually the list of options ends up being $300-$600. Almost always they want to do x-rays and blood tests. My cats have had more x-rays than me and my husband combined. I want to do what I can to keep my cats healthy and alive, but it's hard for me to determine what treatments are necessary.      With all this being said, I still go to All About Cats, because I am a pushover when it comes to my cats. I will whatever I can when they are sick.
The staff is amazing. The facility is clean and calm. This is our first visit and we will definitely return as regular patients. They handled our cat Howie with love and affection.     We came for a first time check up because Howie is a new addition to the family and came to us with matted fur: we want to have him groomed. I originally thought that he would need a complete shave, which would require anesthesia, and lots of money. Since the cat belongs to my teen, she is responsible for the cost. When the technician suggested that we could just have his matted areas shaved, we were very pleased.     The entire visit, checkup, nails clipped, shots and shaving, took less than 30 minutes. And Howie loved the attention and we could tell he wasn't traumatized by the visit.     We definitely recommend All About Cats!
Terrible Place!!! Don't take your cats here...all they want is your money. My cat got out and was attacked by a neighborhood cat and I could tell he wasn't doing so hot. So I brought him to All About Cats and they didn't even check his wound...they wanted to do some kind of EXPENSIVE surgery on his bladder (he's only 3 years old and only eats the BEST organic grain food money can buy)...I decided on taking him to VCA Animal clinic... and they helped me treat his INFECTION!!! He had a FEVER and had a huge PUSS filled wound on his butt...they had to do an inexpensive surgery to clean it out, and they gave me everything i needed to continue to clean it. The doctor there even gave me LESS EXPENSIVE options if I couldn't afford surgery!!! The doctors at VCA Animal clinic actually cared about my cat, and weren't trying to charge me an ARM AND A LEG to treat my cat for some CRAZY ASSUMPTION!!!     ALWAYS GET A SECOND OPINION!!! THEY WILL RIP YOU OFF IF THEY CAN!!!
This is the finest veterinary specialty clinic I have ever used.  Every person in the office was helpful, courteous, and kind.  The clinic is large and light and clean and inviting.  The veterinary radiologist, Dr. Arch Robertson, expertly performed a cystocentesis on my cat, the next day following up with the lab results and discussion of next steps.  The internist, Dr. Ale Aguirre, was equally compassionate and professional, and clearly explained potential causes and treatment options.  I highly recommend Vetmed, when you need a specialist for your pet.
Tonight, my 15 year old Maine Coon is recovering from surgery to remove several cysts on his liver lobes.  He is recovering nicely after Dr. Foote and staff took great care.    My first experience with VetMed was when my boy needed an ultrasound at my regular vet and the next day Dr. Robertson came to perform the ultrasound.  Great bedside manner and also let me stay right next to him while they were doing the exam.    When my vet contacted me with three recommended choices of surgeons to go to and VetMed came up as an option, I knew who my choice would be.    Today I waited with my cat prior to his surgery for a few hours and then sat around while he was being operated on.  Dr. Foote and Ashley were great at explaining everything to me and making me feel comfortable.  The rest of the staff were very polite and while I felt a bit like the "crazy cat lady" because I sat around waiting for the "good word"... I was glad that I didn't seem to be a burden.    After the surgery, Dr. Foote came out with a smile and explained how the procedure went, how my boy did and then she brought me back to see him while he was in recovery.      Hopefully, if he's doing well tomorrow, I'll be picking him up and taking him home with me.    The facility is probably one of the nicest veterinary facilities I've ever been to.  So clean and also very professional.  Great staff as well.
Our Roxie was experiencing renal failure, our regular vet told us she had to be put down, they could not help her. We took her to Dr Aguirre at VetMed where he took new blood tests which did not match with the vets (untrue findings) and he told us he could absolutely help her.    He was clear that this would be a costly procedure and had us think about what steps we would be willing to accept. He was not pushy nor did he make us feel pressured in any way. Our pup was 5 years old, had she been 14 I don't think we would have put her through the treatments.     It was a tough go, she couldn't lift her head and was near death. After 5 days of treatment at VetMed she was still very exhausted but she wagged her tail and that was the sign she was on her way back to good health. Dr Aguirre is amazing. Professional, intelligent, loving and the most kind person I have ever met. Roxie gained her weight back, she is doing very well and has continued with the compounding medications Dr Aguirre prescribed. I know there are many who can not afford to pay a high cost to save their pets, and I understand completely their decision to let the pet pass on. But we were fortunate to find Dr Aguirre and to save our sweet 5 year old Wheaten Terrier. The best friend my husband and I have ever had. THANK you Dr Aguirre.
My cat was diagnosed with fatty liver disease. Penny is 2 1/2 and was going to die from liver failure. As you can imagine this was a very intense situation for me. Up to this point, I have spent $2500.00 on her. I was referred to VetMed by my local vet because my cat need a procedure that my vet didn't perform. Penny needed a feeding tube and VetMed charged me $1900.00. OBVIOUSLY this is a lot of money for a single mom who's in finals at school to fork over, so at the time of service I inquired about everything being inclusive in that price. e.g. Was I going to have to pay to take this out etc. The vet told me that everything was included in the price. Great. Thank you. Have a great day while I go home and tube feed my cat. However, that was not the case. A few days ago I received a call informing me that my cat will need weekly dressing changes and guess what? It's not included in the price, it's about $30.00 a week. For a dressing change? That takes 5 minutes? That cost pennies on the dollar? I'm starting to believe that these so-called pet lovers love the money and not your pet. How hard is if for them to do the right thing and change my cats dressing so she doesn't get an infection on top of everything else she's got to deal with?     Yeah, I'll do it myself. Thank you VetMed for nickel and diming me. Real great of you.
This was my first visit after moving to this area and it was so much more pleasant than I expected given I had an old cat  who had stopped eating, stopped grooming, obviously didn't feel very well and who hates being handled.  The place is clean, bright and the staff were wonderful with my old girl. Dr. Bowers is terrific and took pains to be very gentle in her examination of my cat.  In the process she found a small hernia in the cat's stomach and very gently manipulated it into place. They did blood tests and we discussed treatment and started an antibiotic just to deal with a possible infection.  The next day the doctor called and discussed blood test results and I told her my cat had started grooming and eating immediately when we got home, so it seems the hernia may have been in a position that was causing her discomfort.  Some things on the test may have been caused by her not eating, so we are in a wait-and-see period to see if she stays feeling good.  It is now 3 days later, my cat is back to her old self, grooming and eating very well.  I am more than impressed with the care and treatment at this clinic...for both my cat and myself.  It was all I wanted a clinic to be and more.   Cost was what I would have expected for a first visit examination and with the tests that were run, but certainly was not exorbitant.   Definitely will continue to use them for both my cats and to recommend them to anyone who needs care for their animals.
I recently had to take my cat in, who had sustained an eye injury and needed a follow up appt. I found all of the staff from start to finish to be very courteous, friendly and knowledgeable. I did have a bit of a wait to get checked in, but I was 20 minutes early for my appointment. Last Summer I had to put my kitty to sleep and the staff here were caring and compassionate and it helped me get through the process knowing that my Simba did not suffer for one second. They let me stay there until I could pull it together enough to go home. Also, their prices were far less expensive than many in the area, which was a huge plus. I would say the only con is that the place isn't very big. I would imagine on a busy day like Saturday that it can get a bit crazy in there.
I was referred to Dr. Stacey Hoffman and Vet Care Internal Medicine Specialists when three other local vets had unsuccessful results with treating a respiratory issue in my chow chow.     Over the period of 9 months she underwent several rounds of various medications, had a bronchoscopy, tracheal and bronchial washes, biopsies... you name it. This may sound extreme, but I was going through similar issues at the same time and both myself and my pulmonologist thought perhaps there was a common denominator, so I was really hoping to find an answer for both of us.     As the last two vets ran out of options, they both suggested that I take Zoe to an internist. I didn't even know there was such a thing! There are only a couple in the state, but everyone involved agreed that there was only one option, as Dr. Hoffman is considered to be one of the leading Veterinary Internists in the entire southwest. In fact, since having visited her practice, I have found out that people travel from all over the US to see her.     Taking your pet to Dr. Hoffman is unlike any other experience I have ever had. The service is literally on par with what you would receive if you were seeing a specialist yourself.     The office arranged for all my records to be available prior to Zoe's visit. The office then called me to set up the visit and provide a consultation. Based on Zoe's medical records, potential treatment options were reviewed and an overview of the process was provided.     Basic costs estimates were provided so I knew what I was in for and then the appointment was set. In order to minimize the stress on your pet, it is common to schedule time for the potential procedures along with your first consultation. So after my first phone call with the office, we had a game plan already defined.     Prior to my visit, Dr. Hoffman had thoroughly reviewed the file (I knew this because she had notes). She spent about one hour with me reviewing the records, performing an exam, and discussing treatment options. Once we had determined what she could use from previous treatments (biopsy results, etc.) I was given an estimate and Zoe went back in for her procedure.     There were regular communications from the office as to her progress throughout the day and when I went to pick her up; I was given a package of information that rivaled anything that I had received from my own physicians. I was sent home with the appropriate medications and was called on several subsequent days to check on her status. Follow up care, which is still ongoing (a couple of months later) was provided via phone consultations in order to minimize Zoe's stress and to avoid office charges for myself.     Overall, my experience at Vet Care was exemplary. It's not cheap, but if your pet has a serious issue, the multiple visits required elsewhere can quickly add up to more than your visits here and the level of service is unparalleled. Dr. Hoffman has elevated veterinary care and offers both professionalism and sensitivity. I really can't recommend her enough!
This was a good experience for me. I took my kitty, Ireland in because of a cold and I was told it was not serious and I didn't HAVE to purchase medicince unless I wanted to. No upselling, no panic tactics to get me to spend more money. There was just an exam charge and all of the staff was very friendly and took good care of my sneezing kitty! The cold did go away on it's own as the vet implied so I am glad I didn't purchase antibiotics. Kitty is a Humane Society animal so they were very good at checking her over and making sure she seemed healthy and thriving. There has been no follow up since the visit, but other than that, very good service. Easy to find, convenient location, good parking, clean office.
It's hard to find a good vet these days. I swear that the tainted pet food crisis of last year made vets even more likely to push unnecessary and expensive "recommended" tests, treatments, and pills on pet owners. What happened to vets that just love animals? Anyway, I selected this vet because my husband and I adopted two 2-month old kittens from the AZ Humane Society's Campus for Compassion on Friday and VCA is the selected provider of the free (within 5 days) appointment that you get after adopting from a shelter. Having adopted four previous shelter cats, my husband and I have been to a few of these free appointments. Usually, the vets seem upset that they have to give services free even though these appointments give them an opportunity to secure future clientele, and they try to convince you to add a bunch of bloodwork or fecal exams to the bill. This vet did not.     Furthermore, they cover up to $500 of necessary medical services for specified respiratory, digestive, and other conditions for each pet that is adopted from the Humane Society (this is in addition to the free first appointment and free goodies!). The Office Manager and front desk staff were super friendly when I was checking in. They offered me free kitten food and printed cat ownership information. The technician was gentle and patient, and the vet himself was really kind and seemed to genuinely be interested in the kittens and their well-being. I'm sorry that this hospital is so far from our house because otherwise, we would return to them in a second for our two new feline babies and our two existing cats.
This animal hospital is extremely clean and well run and the staff is friendly, but I've been bothered by the somewhat excessive markups they charge for non-prescription medicines and pet accessories. I would advise anyone to price-check with Amazon for anything before you purchase. I'm still taking our cat here for check-ups, etc., but there's something impersonal about the way they operate. Sorry I can't be more specific than that.
Now that a week has gone by, I feel I can write this review and not become unhinged. My beloved cat Pepper, who was my constant companion for the last 2 years, spent last weekend at this Emergency Animal Clinic. Our regular vet told us to bring him here as it was the 24-hour animal hospital closest to our home. It turned out he had a very serious bladder stone condition, and come Monday, when we were able to see our regular vet, we made the heart-breaking decision that putting him down was the best thing to do.     However, if the staff at this EAC had managed to give us all the information they had, we might have been able to save Pepper a lot of pain and misery sooner and maybe us hundreds if not thousands of dollars. First of all, this place is ghetto. Nothing about the appearance and upkeep inspires any confidence. Secondly, they have rotating doctors and technicians, so you are always talking to someone new. And everyone has a different opinion, and most of them were inconsistent with what our vet told us in the end. The reception area staff was unprofessional. The first girl we spoke to stammered over how to ask when Pepper had last urinated or defecated. Um... how about learning and using appropriate terminology? The person entering my information transposed 2 of the numbers of my cell phone number. No wonder they had to call my husband instead. I verbally corrected it with them over the phone, but when we went in later that day, they still had not changed it on Pepper's  paperwork, so we took out a pen and fixed it ourselves. They neglected to call us when Pepper's urethra blocked yet again within the first 12 hours. They neglected to call us when his temperature spiked again and he became agitated. They said they told my husband the results of his blood tests over the phone, but he does not recall hearing that information. They did let us come see him several times, and while we were waiting to be led back to the cages, we were regaled with loud and stupid personal conversations, that apparently the staff did not care that the rest of us in the waiting room could hear. It just pissed me off that we were all in life-and-death situations and they were all into their petty gossiping. Not that I expect a medical practice to be a somber graveyard, but appropriate conversation at an appropriate volume would simply show respect for the clientele.     When I told my boss, a fellow cat lover and downtown resident, what happened, she said that she too had once taken a cat to this EAC in an emergency. It was having severe upper respiratory problems, and they were having some trouble getting it out of its carrier. So instead of getting my boss to see if she could coax it out, they tied a rope around its neck. Around the neck of a cat who couldn't breathe. She took the cat somewhere else immediately.    I will also never go here again in an emergency, and have since spoken to a number of people who have given me other options should I find myself in need of immediate after hours care. Our bill (which had to be pre-paid, mind you) was nearly $2000. Outrageous indeed.
Kerstin, I'm really sorry for your loss and your ordeal.  I, on the other hand, had a good experience here the other night.  I got in from California this past Saturday and noticed my 16-year old cat, Daisey, was extremely lethargic and not peeing where she was supposed to.  She barely ate her nightly treat (my cats are spoiled and get a dollop of wet food at dinnertime) or the little treats I had gotten at PetSmart.  She also practically collapsed onto my lap, when she usually walks around a bit and liked every part of her little body scratched.  I texted my friend Maura, who's a veterinary neurosurgeon (#thevet) and she said she had a friend who was there right then and gave me directions.  It wasn't too far from my house.  As soon as I walked in and told them I would have to put my Daisey to sleep, they whisked her away for the arm catheter and put me in a private room.  The LAST thing you want to do in this situation is sit in a waiting room, crying.  They came in after just a few moment with my paperwork and went over all the different urns I could buy.  The price wasn't more than what I had paid at Alta Vista (will NEVER go there again!), so I signed and waited for my Daisey.  Dr Rose (I can't remember her last name!!!) is Maura's friend and brought Daisey in.  They gave me as much time as I needed, alone, with her.  I really didn't want her suffering to go on much longer, so as soon as I called, the doctor came right back in.  I got to be with Daisey until the end.  Today, I got a sympathy card in the mail and a phone call about her ashes being ready.    Picking them up was a really quick process and, though painful, not their fault.  They have cats there that were abandoned that live there, in the office, and serve as blood donors.  How awesome is that??  I even brought Dexter with me, as I am looking for a new vet for him.  They only do emergency services, but gave me a postcard with several vets in the area.  I wouldn't hesitate to go there again!
This place really made a terrible situation as easy as possible.  Our cat was hit by a car or beaten, and my husband found her immobile and crying horribly in pain.  We rushed her to the clinic, and the doctor saw her right away.  She told us our options, but was very upfront about the liklihood that our kitty would pass no matter what we did.  She didn't pressure us one way or another, and left the room so that we could talk privately and make our decision.  My husband asked if they could give her some pain meds while we talked about it, and they gave her some immediately.    Once we made our difficult decision to put our kitty down, she brought the cat into a private room with us so that we could say goodbye.  She left us alone and gave us as much time as we needed.  She also let us be present in the room when they gave her the final shot.  At all times the doctor and the techs were compassionate and very respectful.  I was crying and they were very sensitive to my feelings.  They treated my little kitty so gently even after she had passed.  They even sent a sympathy card to our house a few days later.  I really appreciated how they helped us through this difficult time, and I would definitely reccommend them if anyone else is in a similar situation.
Got there at 10:30 pm, was greeted by very nice staff in a clean environment. They took my little guy in the back and checked him over, got permission to do some X-rays, and were very good about relaying what they were doing and what was happening.     With X-rays done and pain medication, plus the initial fee it came out to be substantially less than I expected. They did good work, were very professional, and courteous. Dr. Paylor was very nice, and knowledgeable.     Thank you!
I visited the vet on Monday after my 6 week old kitten, Stella, had been sick all weekend. I knew something was wrong with her as she was throwing up and wouldn't eat. I waited 30 minutes and the vet proceeded to examine her and tell me nothing was wrong with her! I spent almost $100 here for them to test her blood sugar levels and give me no feedback. They sent me home with some food and a good luck. 24 hours later, yesterday, my baby died in my arms. How can a vet tell a pet owner that nothing is wrong with very little concern or help. I'm completely heart broken. Thanks for nothing.
I had just taken my cat there a few months back for her annual check up and spent a thorough time with tests and getting all my information transferred since I recently moved to the area.  I noticed something was wrong with my cat and called to describe the unusual symptoms and the lady answering the phones was extremely unhelpful.  She didn't suggest or offer even speaking with the vet and even discouraged it after I asked for it.  She told me the vet wouldn't be able to know what was going on but said if I saw the symptoms again to bring in a video.  Maybe I'm naive but I'm use to getting better care than that from other animal clinics and have at least talked to vets on the phone with my concerns.  Also, I think it is always better service for a trained professional to discredit my concerns rather than someone answering the phones.  I wasn't expecting a conversation right then and there but perhaps a call back regarding my concerns given I'd established care for my cat already.  Guess it is time to find a new vet, which I told the woman on the phone and she agreed.  I am thinking it is probably an ok place to take your animal if you need a shot or something concrete otherwise look around for some place else.
Dr. Hunt has been our vet for the past 2 years.    Recently, one of our cat's health has started to decline, and Dr. Hunt and his staff have been absolutely wonderful in terms of their compassion, expertise and attentiveness to us during a very difficult time. Dr. Hunt simply cares about the animals he's treating. I can't express how much I appreciate Dr. Hunt following up about our pet's care after we saw the specialist, and how he made sure we understood what was happening.    I deeply appreciate how supportive he and his staff were about our decision  not pursue chemotherapy, further diagnostics and surgery- as recommended by the other vet - instead he has helped us give our pet the highest quality of life possible.
I had the terrible decision to make to euthanize my 20 year old cat, Bandit. I was going to go to the Emergency Animal Clinic off of Scottsdale Rd. further north but I had previously had a bad experience there. I saw there were some good reviews for this Emergency Animal Hospital and, thank God I did. They were so kind and compassionate. They let us take our time, never rushed us. They knew it was a very painful thing to have to do. They made one of the worst things I have ever had to do as 'easy' as they possibly could have. They eased my nagging doubts about it without putting words in my mouth. I am ever grateful for their kindness on that incredibly sad day and would recommend them to anyone who has an animal friend who needs some emergency care.
Without getting into a long, drawn-out account of our visit to this establishment, I will share the following.  Arriving with an ill family pet, we were greeted with warmth and kindness by the front desk staff.  We didn't know how long we would have to wait, and we were told that because of the nature of an emergency pet clinic, there were no set appointments and no way of knowing how long each appointment would take.  We were fortunate to only wait a few minutes before being shown to an exam room.  After only a few minutes, a tech came in to check on our kitty and not only treated her with a very tender manner, but was kind to us, as well.  We waited a bit longer after that before we saw the vet, but once we did, we did not feel rushed in the least.  Dr. Brantley took as much time as we needed to discuss all of our options, her personal and professional opinions, and to help us feel as ok as possible with our ultimate decision.    Having a regular vet whose staff and policies we are familiar with, it was a little intimidating having to go to a new place especially during such a delicate time.  Thankfully, every person we dealt with was kind, attentive, thorough, and really wonderful to deal with.  I hope we don't have occasion to visit this emergency clinic again, but if we do, I will feel confident in my decision and that the care of my pet will be of the highest quality.    Thank you, Adrienne, Mark, and Dr. Brantley, with all our hearts for being so wonderful with us and our sweet kitty The Wookie in her final hours.
CAN YOU SAY "UPSELL"?  This place is the worst of corporate veterinary medicine:  the over-the-phone quote (without my asking) of about $100 inflated within minutes of our arrival to an additional $60 "shot for pain," followed by $250 "at the doctor's discretion" for x-rays and up and up, to about $1400. As a doctor myself, I know about some of the costs and skills required, and found the approach to be offensive.  But they did help my cat. Two stars.  Consider emergency treatment elsewhere.
If I could give this place a ZERO I would. DO NOT go to VCA Paradise Valley emergency because all they care about is the money not your pets. they have a motto about their priority are the pets and customer service excellence, that's a joke! There is a tech there by the name of Lindy who is condescending and acts like she cares, and rushes everything. I could hear them in the back laughing it up while I was in the room frantic for my pet and all I hear were obscene language. These people don't care at all for you pet, even the doctor by the name of Baker is a real class act! He has no sympathy and no bed side manner and just treats you like another number. The receptionist with the bob Adriene I believe is over the top on fakeness and acts like she cares and understands what I was going through that night, plus she is very odd. Over all this review is not based on pricing because I would do anything for my pet money is no problem, it's the crappy staff that wear their "I care for your pet" hat like toilet paper stuck to your a$$. Seems this place has a huge turnover rate and staff that is completely incompetent. Do yourself a favor and go to Sonora Veterinary Specialist, they are right down the way on 40th St and Cactus and they are exceptionally better and educated. DON'T waste your time or money on VCA, this place is full of unprofessional slackers that rush you just to get you out and going. Idiots!
f I could give this place a ZERO I would. DO NOT go to VCA Paradise Valley emergency because all they care about is the money not your pets. they have a motto about their priority are the pets and customer service excellence, that's a joke! There is a tech there by the name of Lindy who is condescending and acts like she cares, and rushes everything. I could hear them in the back laughing it up while I was in the room frantic for my pet and all I hear were obscene language. These people don't care at all for you pet, even the doctor by the name of Baker is a real class act! He has no sympathy and no bed side manner and just treats you like another number. The receptionist with the bob Adriene I believe is over the top on fakeness and acts like she cares and understands what I was going through that night, plus she is very odd. Over all this review is not based on pricing because I would do anything for my pet money is no problem, it's the crappy staff that wear their "I care for your pet" hat like toilet paper stuck to your a$$. Seems this place has a huge turnover rate and staff that is completely incompetent. Do yourself a favor and go to Sonora Veterinary Specialist, they are right down the way on 40th St and Cactus and they are exceptionally better and educated. DON'T waste your time or money on VCA, this place is full of unprofessional slackers that rush you just to get you out and going. Idiots!
Had a cat emergency, told by local vet to go straight there this morning. Arrived 10 mins to 8am, vet had already left and was told they were closing. Their hours are posted as closing at 8. Receptionist called vet to see if she would come back and would not. What kind of emergency clinic is this??? I'm new to area too so it's not like I know where to go. Had to go across town to another clinic.
I have been taking my cat(s) here for over 6 years.  Dr. Ford is my cat's doctor.  She is personable and easy to talk to about your animals health.   I find the front desk to be very friendly and willing to help you with any task.  I have also had excellent experience with all of the techs.  This office will call you to following up on you animal the next day to later on that night depending on your animals' issues.  I have found the entire operation to be excellent.
I am so glad to have finally found a great vet here in the valley! We took my precious little Pom in for a cough only to find out the worst news possible... Her little heart was failing. Now, at 18 years old that wasn't a huge surprise however I was still devastated. Dr. Benigni was amazing and extremely compassionate.     I saw another post on here saying all they cared about was money. I COMPLETELY disagree!! (In fact they are one of the more affordable vets I've visited in the valley) Dr. Benigni explained to me the tests we could run and all the treatments we could try, but she also explained to me that treating her heart would ultimately make her other organs fail and she did not recommend we spend the extra money. Instead we took her home for a few days to love on and spoil her.     The day we knew it had to hapen, they got us in right away and were extremely compassionate. Afterwards I even received a card signed by everyone there. Bottom line, even though the circumstances surrounding my first visit there were not the greatest, they have gained a customer for life. We will be taking our Rottie and cat there in the future for all of their health care needs. I've never felt my animals were in better hands.
I went here off of the Yelp recommendations and I'm glad I did. They seem to be a group of caring, professional staff through every step of the process. We just moved here from Tucson and I feel fortunate to have found such a great practice for my cat.
We have been taking our cats to AAWC since moving to Arizona in 2010.  We have been consistently pleased with the vets, the staff, the services, and the facility. And, much as I hate to admit it, the prices. Their prices are inline with other vet offices that I checked out. Yes, it is expensive to take a pet to the vet. And, yes, a vet expects to make an income...and recoup the cost and effort of going to vet school. OK, I will get off that soapbox.  Within two years of moving here both of our elderly cats developed serious health issues and had to be euthanized within a few months of each other. Doctors Parva and Heetland were extremely compassionate with us and our pets. They offered alternatives and helped us come to terms with each loss. Since then, Dr. Parva helped us find a new cat who is fitting in around the house quite well. Thankfully, she has decided to let us remain....as long as we serve her every whim.
I took my kitten to the Acacia Cat Hospital for its first visit after adopting her from the Arizona Humane Society. The facility is not modern or fancy, but clean. The staff and the doctor we saw were friendly and caring. The prices seem good too. I plan to continue to take my kitten to this office.
I have had my kitty Miller for 8 years. She has never been to any other vet.  I like this place so much we drive across the city just to take her for her shot and exams because it is such a great place. I just adopted a second kitten and she is going there too.  Greatest cat vet in the Phoenix area.
I just got my kitten last weekend and it turns out he had ringworm and an upper respiratory infection:(  My girlfriend took him into this clinic because the Humane Society was going to be footing the bill. He didn't seem to be getting better so I after the appt the other day so we decided to take him back in today. Immediately after walking in the door we were greeted by Dr. Sengoku who had seen him before and she went through the list of what she wanted to do. She remembered all the details about our baby boy and we went straight into the exam room. Our kitten seemed as comfortable with the doc as he does with us which was nice since we were all sorts of worried. She was very gentle and helpful, explaining all the details of the meds and treatments. She even hooked us up with some extras to make our boy get healthy faster. I definitely recommend her to anybody who needs a good vet. Thanks again!!!
These guys are super nice to my husband, myself, and our cat Beckett.    It's very clear that these people love animals and what they do.
When we first adopted our Chihuahuas a couple of months ago, we took them to the VCA for a check up and the attendants there were kind and gentle with them.  They even called a day or so later to check up on them.  It was good to know that they also have boarding services which I think is convenient since we travel a bit.      CON: The location is a bit obscure.  It's right off the highway and it's hard to see it.
I brought my cat Charles here because it was close and because they've got a dedicated cat-only entrance. I couldn't have been more pleased with the courteous and calm way they treated Chuck, even though he was pretty scared. They took his basic vitals and cat-sitted him for a few hours to administer his routine shots and physical. Though it wasn't cheap, I like knowing that Charlie is a happy, healthy kitty.    A couple weeks later, we were having some "out-of-litter-box accidents." I called VCA to get their advice. The vet called me back and left a several minute long voice mail: Try using two litter boxes, or change the location of the current one. If that doesn't work, bring him back for a UTI check. I moved the litter box and voil, no more problems! I was impressed with the thorough and professional manner in which they handled my concerns.    We'll be back for another visit in October!
This update is aimed specifically at the comment posted by the business, in response to my initial review.      The comment is both deceitful and insulting.  Here is my response.    For someone with a PHD, you need to understand not only how to express your thoughts in written form, but to do so accurately and succinctly.  Also, you need to be honest.    Point by point:      1 - " I reviewed the record.  I cannot comment on his wait time, although I'm sure it was excessive"      You said you could not comment, then you commented.  Really?    2 - " Unfortunately, Mr. R had low expectations, not high ones."      Not quite, I had high expectations, not low ones.  If I had a low expectation, it's unlikely you would've received a scathing review from me on Yelp.  I wouldn't have cared.    3 - " He only wanted "the shots".  No exam."      You are correct.  However, I was VERY clear when I made this appointment.  I'll even go so far as to say explicit.  If an exam is policy, and thus a charge will be made to the customer (me) it should have been stated when I spoke to the receptionist and informed her of my desire to only have the shots administered during this appointment.  I have no problem paying for quality services.  I have a problem paying for services I made it clear I did not want, and was not informed were policy to perform regardless of the customer's direction.    4 - "Mr. R was not expecting to be educated about the importance of heart worm prevention, as he only wanted " the shots".  When Mr. R was presented with a written estimate (which he signed prior to services) he was taken a back at the cost of premium veterinary care.  Again only expecting bare minimums."    I don't mind being educated.  And yes, again, I explicitly set up my appointment for just the shots.  I'm the customer, you need to get a grasp on what that means.  Moving on.    You then INCORRECTLY state that I was presented with a written estimate prior to services.  Here is the order in which my visit went:    -Sat in waiting room.  -Brought to exam room.  -Seen by vet.  Pet was examined.  Heartworm was explained to me and services were DENIED at this time, as my initial review states. It would help if you read it again to make this clear.  -THEN the vet left, and a tech brought in the estimate.  Which I denied.  A new one was brought in without the heartworm (etc) fluff added.  -After the correct estimate was signed, a tech provided the shots and sent me on my way.  I never saw the doctor again.    From this, you can gather that the doctor already performed services prior to the written estimate (the examination).      I also do not appreciate your last shot at me, assuming I value bulk pet healthcare, since I own four pets, over the overall health of each and every one of my animals.      You disgust me.  Not only have you lied about your practice's policies and procedures, but you have gone as far as insulting a former customer who you are 100% responsible for losing the business of.      I will be reporting you to the better business bureau first thing tomorrow.  I wasn't going to take it that far, but you decided to come here, lie, and insult me.
I can't believe this wasn't reviewed yet!  This place rocks, and Dr. Heather is the very best vet in town. She's reasonable in price, thorough in her evaluations, and super kind. She handled the life and death issues so carefully and warmly, and she talks about her own pets and has compassion!     When our cat Everett died, she not only called us throughout the whole cremation process, but she sent a card and when we picked up the ashes - she had made a single footprint "ornament" with a ribbon and his name on it as a gift.  Never had a vet do anything so kind.      We have had MANY cats and MANY VETS.  I know a good vet. Go here. Please go here!
Dr O is the best, she has cared for our brood for years.  All of our pets are family there.  It is a very cat friendly office and the staff are always responsive and helpful.  You never feel like another customer here, there is obvious serious concern and caring for the well being of the "babies".  We have Dr Oyan to thank for saving the life of our Bailey and Ashley they both separately developed life threatening illnesses and she got them through it all, both are happy healthy kitties.
dr. oyan was just fantastic with my high anxiety kitty - aptly named houdini for her self-preservational talents as an escape artist.    previous vets have been.... patient (at best) about how i have to fetch her out from underneath furniture and disengage each of her claws from my body in order to get her on their table, and how i sometimes fail to keep her there (escape artist - remember?).  this one got down on the floor with us and fed her treats while she trembled under the chair.  this cat suffers more terror than any i've ever seen at the prospect of being in new places - and even more terror at the thought of being touched by strangers.  i was stunned to see her tentatively allowing dr. oyan to handle her.  i've never seen anyone be so understanding and patient with my terrified baby.    another thing i appreciate - dr. oyan was really communicative with me... pointing out all the interesting things in her xrays and showing me how to check for swollen glands.  her prices were reasonable, and she made recommendations but never tried to pressure me about anything.    frankly, i don't think anything will ever keep my psychokitty calm when she has to leave the comfort of her home and routine... but this was far and away her best veterinary experience ever.
Dr. Oyan is the best vet for cats.  My 20-year-old tom cat only spent a short time under the care of Dr. Oyan and Megon because he was already in an advanced stage of CRF.  I wish I had found Dreamy Draw Cat Hospital sooner, he may have lived a good bit longer.   It was a long drive, but well worth it.  I highly recommend this vet, but stay far, far away from Elliot Park Animal Hospital in Tempe.
Dr. Heather and Megan saw our little guy Ike because we were concerned he ingested a toxic plant. After visiting a 24-hour animal hospital and feeling like we were being miscommunicated with and ushered out the door, Dr. Heather and Megan listened to our concerns and gave us personalized and personal treatment.   Both Megan and Dr. Heather are great listeners with a warm and matter-of-fact bedside manner. We were super pleased with our first visit here and will be certain to sing their praises to anyone in need of a vet for their cats! Our kitty Ike was clearly enamored with all the attention and kitty treats they lavished him with. :)
So I took my kitty, Miss Allie, at my brother's recommendation (he owns AZPetPals and KNOWS good pet care).  Allie is 11 years old and has been having health issues that had me scared to death, so my initial response was assume the worst, but she was miserable so I couldn't put it off.  Every single interaction was done with love and my cat was really mellow throughout the process, even when she got a shot.  I adore these folks for their sensitivity and attendance; they are sweet and caring and CLEARLY know what they are doing.  The end result is that my kitty had her anal glands cleaned up, her abcessed bum treated, and a prescription filled for home treatment....probably TMI but this is what we have to do when we love our pets.    I highly recommend Dr. Heather O and Megan for these very reasons!
Very kind caring service from both Dr. Heather and Megan.  I had to put my 19 year old cat Tricks to sleep.  They were so kind and caring from the moment I entered the office till the time I left.  Very good catside manner.
I had to put my other elderly cat to sleep yesterday.  Dr. Heather and Megan were just as caring and consistent as before.  I was a 5:30 pm appointment and they took all the time to explain options and costs and gave excellent attention to Midnight.  They did not act like they were in a hurry to get home or rushed in any way.      They had even invited me to stay and have pizza with them while they got the office ready for the next work day.      Very caring and attentive service and I really feel they do everything they can for your cats.
I have a 15 yr old cat.  She had a ruptured anal gland.  The medicine made her have diarrhea so I called to ask about switching antibiotics.  I didn't hear back from them.  Vet said he didn't get the message.  They did have to operate... I pd extra for the liver function test.  She came out fine with a 400 buck bill.    I took my other cat in to check on worms.  I paid for the fecal exam and was told I would get a call back with results.  Nope.  80 bucks    I would give it a 3 due to dropping the ball twice with not calling me back but my cats alive and that's most important.
The staff is great here.  If you are looking for a Vet this is a good place to go as far as I can tell.  Our cat was suppose to stay the day for testing and he was stressed out being with all the other animals in the back so the Vet called us and said we could pick him up early.  Nice to see they do care.
It was 8am on a Sunday morning, my poor pup kept licking her teeth and it looked as if she was shivering, so I stopped what I was doing to see why she was acting so weird... she had broken her k9 tooth. I freaked out and got on Yelp to find the closest vet that was open (I honestly thought everything closed on Sunday- but who am i kidding... this is Vegas- a city that rarely sleeps). Gave them a call and hurried over there. When i got there, I filled up some forms, and got placed in an exam room where I waited. Dr. Colon came in, he was very knowledgeable and understanding. He took a examined her, explained to me her pain level and what to do/what not to do, and gave her some meds. He then recommended a root canal to save her tooth vs an extraction. An extraction would have cost nearly $400ish. Root canal cost a little more, but it was well worth it. They don't do root canals here, but he did recommend a great dental specialist- Dr. Emily who does root canals for way cheaper than what other vets charge. We ended up paying $700 for a root canal, which is about nearly half of what the other estimates we've gotten from other 4 or 5 other vets in the Las Vegas area. The only downside was that Dr. Emily isn't from Vegas- he travels all over the US to perform these root canals, and he only travels to Vegas once every 6-8 weeks. I'm extremely thankful that Dr. Colon recommended him and just as thankful for Dr. Emily because there was just no way we could have afforded the other prices we've been given (However, Dr. Emily performs root canals at Tropicana animal hospital, not here). My pup's root canal went great, and she's good as new. The moment we picked her up, she was back to her happy, hyper self.     The exam fee cost $40, and her pain medications cost $26. They have a 10% military discount, but it didn't apply towards her medications.
My lil killa is fighter. She suffered extreme head trauma after the neighbor's teenage son threw a large rock dead smack in her face. Obviously that boy is possessed by something evil to do such a thing! Anyway, It was a Sunday morning that my boyfriend and I found my yorkie's eyeballs hanging by a thread. Being new to the area I called the first animal hospital I could locate.  We went into Ann Road Animal Hospital shaken up and scared to death not knowing the fate of my lil killa. The front desk staff was very helpful and efficient. I told them it was an emergency and they took her right away. Dr. Conklin is amazing. She was able to comfort us in our time of need. She delivered the devastating news that lil killa would be permanently blind and needed both eyes removed. Throughout the entire process Dee at the front desk and Dr. Conklin continued to call us, giving us constant updates on Lil Killa's condition. I am thankful that the staff here took such good care of baby. For many of us our animals are our children and anything that happens to them is so devastating. Having a place that loves animals as much as we do is amazing. I will bring my yorkie here for anything she'll ever need
Went in last Saturday for our Pitbull, Dr.Buco was very nice, we got all the medications, etc we needed for her ear infection and the place is affordable. We went to their website and used the 1st time visitor coupon so the exam was free. We are going back Saturday for a check up, but it looks like everything we have gotten is working for her.
Dr. buco is an amazing dr. And person he helped me with my cat just when I thought I would have to put him down I love ann road animal hospital and will bring all my pets here the staff is amazing and where very welcoming and when we came to visit oliver they where so nice and they took such good care of him thank you Dr.  Buco and staff for treating us like family
I took my cat into Animal Emergency Center this weekend when she came down with a cold. Despite them appearing very busy I was seen by a nurse within 15 minutes and the doctor was in shortly after that. They were all very nice and professional. I was amazed that I was in and out of ER clinic in less than an hour. They are near Henderson and they are open when my veterinarian is closed so I know if I have an emergency that they are only just a few minutes away
From driving directions to the sensitivity you can only hope for when you are bring a pet in for emergency services, this place is an after hours life saver (or a pet saver really).    My little guy was having some issues last night and as any pet parent or otherwise knows when it comes to your "children" some things just can't wait. My mom is my go-to for for most things in life but she is always #1 on the phone tree list whenever I'm in crisis mode and she referred me to this pet hospital.    The intake woman at the front desk was very professional yet sweet and took care of Hank and I right away. The only downside to any emergency room visit is the wait time. 3 hours later we were (luckily) going home with meds and detailed instructions for home care treatment.    I had a hard time locating this business on yelp last night, so I wanted to take the time to write this review with the hopes it will assist other pet owners in the future.    There are only a  few downsides to pet owning and I think most pet parents would agree majority of them involve trips to the vet.     In crisis mode when the regular vet is closed, this emergency vet service was on point when it came to tending to my boy.
Clearly, this is not a place we had ever wanted to have to visit. Our chihuahua needed emergency care last night, however, and this was the location closest to us. We were extremely pleased with the care she received from Dr. O'Dea and the vet tech. Dr. O'Dea took time to answer our questions and concerns and made a frightening situation more bearable.
My Yorkie was sick and I took her to her normal vet care.  All seemed well, and she was home feeling fine (so we thought).  She took a turn for the worse about 30 hours later and was horribly sick - vomiting bile, and pacing the perimeter of the house in a daze.  We rushed her to Animal Emergency Center at 2 in the morning.  Dr. O'Dea was on duty that night.  He was extremely patient, caring, and really took the time to explain and answer my questions about what he thought was happening with her.  He was up front which I appreciated.  He was extremely knowledgeable and I felt very comfortable knowing Lila would be in his hands.  I had to pick her up the next morning to take her back her primary vet so they could continue her treatment.  They were so kind, and made sure to give me a copy of the medical records/notes to bring to the other vet along with her medication and IV bag.  Lila unfortunately passed away as she just was unable to recover at her age from a liver shunt.  Dr. O'Dea called later that day to check on her prognosis which I thought was pretty amazing. I also received a sympathy card in the mail with condolences.  I was concerned about the care she would receive at 2 in the morning but I had no choice but to bring her in.  Thank goodness for this vet....I would recommend Dr. O'Dea/Animal Emergency Hospital to any pet owner especially one in need of emergency care.
Our cat needed emergency treatment on a Sunday night and my vets answering service referred me.  As is turned out, the office wasn't too far from my house.  I was totally skeptical however, you just never know what you are getting.  But I couldn't have been more pleased with the staff, the service and the cost, while more than "normal" hours vet care, wasn't outrageous.  I feel good knowing that the Animal Emergency Center is not only closer to home, but a really good place.  Our cat needed an emergency procedure that night and then on to our vet the normal for continued care.  It was the best outcome from what could have been a very bad situation.
I am so very thankful Dr. Farnsworth at the Emergency vet hospital. My kitty had been back and forth to the VCA hospital for 5 days test after test, x-rays, medication $500 later nothing found my kitty wasn't eating for 5 days already. My kitty is only two yrs old and full of energy but at this time all she did was sleep and hide. It was Friday night Sept 6th I called my vet and on the recorder they gave us the number to the emergency vet hospital so I called I couldn't see my kitty like this anymore. I was in tears and so upset and the ladies on the phone were so nice and understanding and patient with me. They said bring her in so I told my husband lets go now it was around 11pm. I brought her in and they put us in a room right away and maybe 5-10 mins later walked in Dr. Farnsworth and we told him maybe she ate a string but the VCA hospital couldn't see anything in the x-rays so he said he was going to bring her in the back and would be back in a few mins. So the doctor returned and said she had string wrapped around her   Intestines they would need to do surgery to remove it. he took x-rays to conform and he said he didn't see it but he saw something that's wasn't right. They came back with a invoice and it's was a little high but my cats are my babies so we had it done. I felt so comfortable leaving my kitty with Dr. Farnsworth I went home and he called me a few hours later and said that she did great and it was wrapped around her intestines in 3 different places. I asked him to please save the string so they did. I am so very thankful for him because he knew what was wrong with her when I had spent a lot of time and money at the VCA hospital and they found nothing my kitty would have died  If I didn't make the decision to take her in that night. Dr. Farnsworth was great he followed up with us the next day to see how she was doing. I called him cause I had some concerns and he took the time and answered all my calls and questions. My kitty a little over a month after her surgery is doing great she is all back to her normal self running around playing and eating very well. I am so very thankful to the Doctor and staff at the emergency vet. I would take any of my cats there again no questions asked. I just hope I don't have to... It was hard to see my cat like that..... Thank you again Doc. You are awesome keep up the great work....
These people are so caring, I can't say enough about them. My daughters cat got a very dangerous condition that could have killed him. It was two days before Christmas, and her cat, Bailey, could not pee. He was in pain and his bladder was full. We took him to a well known vet clinic, that I had assumed provided veterinary care. After $290 they told us he was blocked and there was nothing they could do. We found the animal emergency hospital on yelp and called to see if they could help. The woman on the phone was very calm and helpful, providing directions and hope. We arrived to the friendliest staff I have ever met. They took the time to thoroughly explain his condition and our options. Money was NOT their first priority, saving our cat was. They kept us informed throughout the entire process and always treated us with kindness and care. They did what they could to keep costs at a minimum, and thoroughly explained the aftercare we would need to perform. Tomas was a standout, in that he completely went the extra mile in providing care to Bailey, and help and understanding to us. My family owes so much to these wonderful, caring people, who put the lives of animals before profits. Thank you so much for saving Bailey, and for making our Christmas a happy one.
Our kitty had to have surgery on his abdomen to remove a foreign body.  He needed to stay overnight in the kitty ICU so we took him to the Animal Emergency Clinic.  They were very friendly and welcoming to us.  They answered all of our questions and took excellent care of our baby. They filed the paperwork for our kitty insurance for us.  They let us go in the back and say goodbye. They also let us leave his favorite toy with him, as well as found items he liked to make him more comfortable.  Our cat likes cardboard boxes and they found one to put with him for the night. The vet doctor himself called the next night to follow up and to make sure our kitty was still doing okay. Will definitely use them in the future if we have to and would recommend them to everybody.
Wait time:  We had an appointment for 3 PM.  We left the clinic at 7:15 PM.  The doctor spent exactly 5 minutes diagnosing our pet.  Unacceptable for an appointment, not a walk-in.    Doctor:  The Vet spent less than 5 minutes diagnosing and did not listen to any of our concerns.  Then she left and the nurse returned with incorrect prescription instructions and medication that would have harmed our pet had we give it to him.  We got a 2nd opinion the next day to confirm our medical research from a neighborhood vet and they were shocked at the poor choice of medication.    Manager:  At the time of our visit there was no Manager at this location.  The new manager has not lived up to promises of a refund made when we returned the medication that was prescribed incorrectly.    District office:  The district office reviewed the case and decided that the Vet only has the ability to prescribe the medication that Banfield has IN STOCK and that this was the best medication for our pet.  THAT IS POSSIBLY THE MOST ASSANINE STATEMENT I HAVE EVER HEARD FROM SOMEONE IN THE MEDICAL FIELD WHERE YOU TRUST THEM WITH YOU OR YOUR PET'S LIFE.    The medication they prescribed would have been a long term medication given once a day and required liver and kidney screenings and cost us $45 in prescription per month.  The local vet we went to after, prescribed the proper medication for our pet which cost $8 at walmart and is taken only as needed with no long term effects AS WE REQUESTED INITIALLY.    I cannot stress how immature and unprofessional the experience at Banfield was.  All I asked for was a simple refund for the unused prescription and they have turned this into a nightmare.  Stay away from this company if you want the best for your pet and not just the overpriced meds they have in the back room.
I took my two cats here last night to get their annual vaccines and rabies. I have taken them here the other year for vaccinations and boarding which I didn't have the best experience.. but I will base this review on last night's visit. :)    First off, I've worked in my fair share of vet clinics since I was in high school, so I know how a vet clinic is run. I am very very picky when it comes to vet clinics which is probably why I haven't found my "regular" vet yet.     I found this time around that the receptionist were both very nice and sweet. They checked me in promptly and weighed my kitties for the vet.     I've also worked with my share of vet techs and they are not always the most pleasant people to be around. This vet tech (not sure her name but she had an European accent) was the sweetest tech I've ever encountered!!  She was very gentle with my cats and was coaxing them so they wouldn't be nervous. She was also very polite to me as well :)     Dr. Jowanna seemed like a younger vet -- no problems here but he was very thorough with questions and the examination of my kitties. He answered any questions I had and explained to me the side-effects of vaccines, etc.    For vaccinations, South Valley is very resonable. They are $11 per vaccine and they don't charge a exam fee like most animal hospitals do. I have not had to bring them here for other reasons (knock on wood) so I am not sure as to how much sick visits would estimate to.     Overall, I was very happy with my experience at South Valley last night. I normally leave animal clinics mad and upset because either the receptionist are plain rude or their doctors only want to run unnecessary tests to make your bill higher. But I was very happy and will feel comfortable bringing my cats back here again next year.
I have been hesitant to write this but after 3 months I need to get this off my chest.  My cats have been patients at SVAH since relocating to Las Vegas in 2008. We have been fortunate to only need well-care and buy prescription kibble monthly.  In December 2011 my 7 yr old kitty didn't feel well and had a foul odor from his breath. I took him for an appointment and was shocked to see that the lady doctors had all left the practice and there were new doctors. Upon examination they diagnosed a couple bad teeth and a dental cleaning. They did routine blood work and we scheduled the surgery appt. After dropping my kitty for an early morning appointment I got a phone call 3 hours later to let me know the surgery could not be performed. The bloodwork showed renal failure. I immediately returned to the office and was given very little information and very little hope. The doctor was fixated on this $650 ultrasound to check for heart damage. No matter what questions I asked, they could not be answered without this ultrasound. They could not perform this right away due to the holiday weekend, THANK GOODNESS!!! I paid a $600 bill (payment plans are not an option in their office) and was sent home with a bag of plain saline solution to give sub q fluids daily and a bag of RD kibble that my cat couldn't eat due to his aching teeth!!!   Time for a second opinion!     We searched and discovered a specialist for cats only. After alot of research, soft RD foods, antibiotics, and sub-q fluids enhanced with potassium & B-12 our kitty is doing awesome!  Within 3 days he went 180 degrees in the other direction.  We were given realistic expectations and answers to what the future will hold. It has been over 2 months since initial diagnosis. The bill for consult, exam, new bloodwork, 3 medications and power packed IV was half of what I paid previously. They called me daily over the holiday to check on my kitty. I understand different treatment plans depending on training but to date.. we have never been asked to do an ultrasound. The medication and diet helped cure our kitty...I still can't understand what different would be done after doing a $650 ultrasound.  In this economy common sense must  be used, your office lost 4 loyal patients.
First let me say that the Veterinarians and assistant vets at the location are top flight. They are knowledgeable, courteous and very professional and I guess most of you would say that that should be enough for the care of your pets. Working in the customer service industry myself there is another aspect other than the technical knowledge of your job which is very important and that is how you treat your customers. My bad experiences comes from the front desk. Twice I've been made fun of (quietly and on the sly) and maybe it stems from being in a predominantly white residential neighborhood where the younger crowd may not have been in contact with the diversity in our culture. I wont be specific because I believe in second chances and I wouldn't want anyone to lose their position because of my comments but you know who you are and what I am talking about. If I feel that I am being disrespected I will simply stop using your services. Except for the Vets and the convenience of location I may have already done that. I am 62, a veteran of the Army and Navy and have no criminal record. I expect to be treated the same as everyone else. Not better but same.
What a great experience in such a horrible situation. I brought my Bengal cat, Captain Morgan to the vet because he was lethargic, not eating, and just not acting like himself. My first day I brought him in I was being helped by Dr. Benson who had helped Captain previously. She is always so friendly and takes the time to really answer everything and explain everything that is going on. Captain didn't improve so I brought him back. Dr. Anderson was the next and final vet assisting us. After fluids, and tests and x-rays... it was determined and decided surgery was the answer. Dr. Anderson gave me the facts and made me a total part of the whole process, not just pushing treatments at me. She was in contact with me and let me know what was going on the whole time. I am hoping Captain comes home tomorrow.... but I know he is in great hands. This vet office is a 15-20 minute drive for me, but I will not go to any other vet! From the time I came in, the staff behind the counter was so friendly, same with all the vet techs that I came in contact with. Most importantly Captain did not seem afraid and loved everyone giving him attention! I recommend this Vet office to ANYONE and could say good things about your staff and office all day long! Thank you for saving my cat, he is a member of the family and I am grateful for everything you did!!
This vet's office and staff are more professional than most of the human doctors I have encountered. I would never take my cats anywhere else.
I've brought both my cats here for care and Dr. Karnia and her staff have been so caring and thorough with each of them. I appreciate the honesty in this business. I've been to places where they like to tack on extra things for your cat, but SCC tells you exactly what your cat needs and nothing more. One of my cats needed 2 teeth extractions and Dr. Karnia clearly showed me why. There was a low and high estimate for the cost and when she was done, it turned out being the exact number for the low estimate since nothing extra was needed. Like I said, love the honesty of this business and the quality care they give my cats. Thanks Dr. Karnia!
My trips to the vet in the past have been detrimental for both Toby and I.  My little feline buddy would curse me for days after shoving him in a hard plastic carrier for the 45 minute (perhaps Christy L and I were making the EXACT same trip before) roadie to the vet.  He would scream and pee and freak out and I would do just about the same.  By the time we got back home it felt like we were never be friends again.      Enter Scottsdale Cat Clinic.      Our 6 minute jaunt to the doc was still filled with the regular car-indused mania but  knowing we were just blocks from our destination made things much easier.  When we arrived, our very patient and loving vet-tech Katrina cradled my little freak-out king, talking softly and calmly, and Toby took to her right away.  They cleaned him up (6 minutes is sure as shit still time to wet yourself!) and made him feel comfortable.  They werent at all nervous or annoyed when he started hissing a bit later at a needle, or when he scoffed at their treat bribes to sit still on the scale.      The office was clean and modern and the staff, everyone from the receptionist to the Dr was polite, organized and intelligent.  Usually vet offices are chaotic frenzy but this felt more like I was walking into a pet spa.  I love that this office specializes in cats only as well.      Toby just needed an annual check up, a rabies shot and a new diet for his extra summer weight so we were in and out in no time.  The office even called us the very next day to check in on us and be sure he had handled the whole trip just fine.      To me, a good vet is hard to find, and as important as a good doctor.  I will never take my cat anywhere else!
The Scottsdale Cat Clinic is wonderful. Dr. Karnia is very gentle and kind. It couldn't be more transparent she loves her job. Her office is clean and tasteful. She is up-to-date in regards to technology--each exam room has a computer and she keeps digital images on file. She understands that cats are scared and want to explore. Tubby, my 3-year-old, mysteriously turns circles when he's nervous. Dr. Karnia videotaped him to get more information for me at a neurology conference she is attending. I left an after hours VM and my call was returned promptly the next morning before the office even opened! Tubby loved the entire staff. It is worth every penny to have a sweet, competent veterinarian you trust.
My cat only hates two things. Being in the car and going to the vet. That's the whole reason I started taking him to the Scottsdale Cat Clinic. It was just a couple miles from home. Turns out it was great choice.     The Scottsdale Cat Clinic always seems to have an opening when I need to make an appointment. It's very clean with absolutely no hint that you're in a vet's office, and the staff is very friendly and efficient.   The prices are also no more expensive than any other place.    My cat dislikes the poking and proding process, but they manage to get him through it as fast as possible. Every time he needs something extra, they're very good about explaining why he needs it, and how it will help. My cat also is overweight, and I was given suggestions of different foods I can buy at the pet store instead of first trying to sell me a prescription food.
Another great review for the Scottsdale Cat Clinic.  Everything everyone else has said is true.  This place and the people will immediately put you and your kitty at ease.  They are very relaxed and professional at all times.  After the stress of shoving your kitty in that cat carrier, and all those other stressful vet visits you've had elsewhere, it's a welcome relief.    Our cat is a rescue, and her past is a little sketchy down to even knowing exactly when she was born.  Making it worse? Her first vet who misdocumented a spay for her (he 'missed' her out of a group of kittens somehow but certified she was spayed), so when we did get her spayed a year later after figuring out what all that nightly yowling was about we weren't sure about other documentation (shots etc).  Well, those spotty terrible records have been transferred to the up-to-date lovely people at Scottsdale Cat Clinic.  They checked her out, complimented her strong haunches (she loves to jump and climb), weighed her clipped her nails, gave her some shots - and all with the very most minimal kitty or owner stress.    I could only wish they took people.  Anyone have a doctor or dentist this great? :)
This place is perfect. Friendly staff, great care for your cats, and extremely knowledgeable. Also, if you're a client of theirs, they will trim your cats nails free of charge. I don't know about your cat, but mine does NOT let me get close to those nails. I couldn't ask for a better experience!
Don't think I can add much more to what's been said here already.    Both our cats come here and get amazing treatment. Their names are remembered and you don't walk away feeling like your favorite fuzzbutt is just another profit generator.    And Christina (the office cat) is absolutely adorable.
Hands down, this is the ONLY place to take your cat if you live in Phoenix. Dr. Karnia is a genius in understanding feline illness, and her staff are compassionate and patient. Unlike many of the veterinarians I've met, everyone at Scottsdale Cat Clinic has excellent "people skills" as well as animal skills. This wonderful clinic helped me through the rapid decline and death of my beloved Kimba, and they continue to help me with my other senior, Harley, and the frisky feral kitten, Noel, whom I've tamed. I would not take my cats anyplace else.
The entire team at Scottsdale cat clinic is truly amazing!  They gave extraordinary care to my loving "meow",  When she  was well and especially when she was ill.  They are the Neiman Marcus of veterinary offices!!
Rachel - You are not helping your cat or yourself - no vet cares more about money than an animal! IT IS THE CAT that is IMPORTANT. Veterinarians have to follow the rules! IF you wish to have home care (a mobile practice) then that veterinarian has to take the responsibility to take medical care of your cat. It's that simple. Anger is understandable as you don't understand  completely- but I am sure you were raised to be nice to all people.   I have to be checked monthly with my MD for my meds - Veterinarians have to do the same thing at intervals to make sure nothing has changed - That's what they went to school for - to see the little things that owners overlook. Happy birthday to your cat! Who is living because of Dr. Karnia's excellent care.
The most amazingly compassionate and caring veterinary office ever!  Both Dr. Karnia and Dr. Marschel willingly take all the time necessary to explain, listen and answer questions.  The office personnel are exceptionally helpful, efficient, knowledgeabe and kind.  Having been to several veterinary doctors for treatment of my cat's chronic condition, I have the utmost confidence he is receiving the best care available.
Wow! Had an appointment for a consult for a chihuahua with a broken leg (she had already been seen/X-rayed by a clinic in So Cal where we were on vacation) and even though surgically plating her leg was not Drs. Sulliban's specialty, Dr. Jason took the time to meet with us to explain what would happen, examine the X-rays, (all at no charge) and then referred us off to the surgical hospital.    A very compassionate clinic, the desk staff was excellent and very welcoming. Even though there are dozens of clinics closer to our house, we will definitely be back to Aloha for anything in the future.    Highly recommended!!!
I can't imagine taking our ferrets to any other vet. We live about half an hour away from Aloha, but it is worth it to find a good ferret vet. Dr. Jason and Dr. Jamie really know what they're doing and go the extra mile to find out reasons for an illness.     I have one ferret we call Naughty Rocket who has adrenal disease and has been aggressive toward the girls even after surgery. Dr. Jason found a great medication to keep Rocket on to suppress those awful male hormones. And this is not a common medication for ferrets. He really had to dig!     They always answer our questions in a timely manner and actually remember us when we come in for an appointment. It is hard to find a good ferret vet, so we are so grateful to have been recommended Aloha by a friend.
Aloha Animal Hospital is a clean and welcoming office.  I've actually seen all 3 doctors at some point (my lab has digestive issues and we went to the vet a lot the first few months we had her!) and all were friendly and knowledgable.  They don't rush through the exam and answer any and all questions.  Trust me, I know, because I always ask about 63 questions each time I go in there.    Once while on vacation in San Diego, our lab injured herself and we had to take her to the only vet office we could find on a Sunday (a Banfield inside of a Petsmart).  When we got home, the San Diego vet called and basically said, "I looked at her test results and can't figure out what's wrong.  Hope she gets better.  Bye."  In a panic, I called Aloha and they had the results faxed over to them.  Dr. Cheryl called back promptly, calmed me down, and told me what to do over the phone so I wouldn't have to come in and pay for an exam.  I appreciate the time they took to look into my situation when I wasn't even in town.    True, they are a bit more expensive than some other vet offices I've been to, and sometimes I wish they were open later, but I feel more comfortable and confident with the staff at this office than anywhere else.  And a couple extra bucks is worth that peace of mind.
I found this vet near by when one of my cats got sick and I'm so glad I've made them my permanent vet. I love getting the post card reminders with my pet's face on it when they need shots and the staff is always great.     Dr. Jamie has always been really nice, my pets love her, and she's very knowledgeable. I took my chihuahua in today for a cough and also got some great advice on how to fix some behavioral issues. I highly recommend this vet for anyone in the SW area.    THEY ALSO GIVE A MILITARY DISCOUNT!
I recently moved to the Las Vegas area and found Aloha by accident as I was driving in my neighborhood.  I am an RVT (registered vet tech) and work in the animal health market as a sales rep.  I am in hundreds of veterinary clinics every year, and I have to say that Aloha is one of the very best!  Dr. Sulliban and the staff took the time to explain the procedures both my kitties would be getting.  The front office staff greeted every client that walked in, explained any delays, and made sure everyone in the lobby was taken care of.  The estimate was explained clearly and was reasonable given the level of care and procedures my cats received.  The office was clean and smelled great!  I received a phone on the day of the procedures explaining how my kitties were doing.  Then I received a personal phone from Dr. Sulliban, the day after, asking if everything was ok and whether or not I needed anything from him.  I will tell you from my 15 years as an RVT, that is very rare and shows a level of professionalism high above most other clinics!  I am very excited to have Aloha as my vet and will recommend them to anyone!
This place is awesome!!  I was referred very highly by a friend to Aloha.  My kitty cat only needed a gland expression.  I called same day and she was in and out very quickly.  Just before I left, they handed me a photo of my baby in a Halloween costume!!  Totally made my day!  But what is most important is that my kitty is feeling better.  Will definitely be back.
OK you know how sometimes you may have a good experience at a business and sometimes you may have a bad experience, and it is random chance and luck.  What is not chance is when a business goes above and beyond for absolutely no reason other than they are nice and care about their clients.  I recently had such an experience with all the Vets at this hospital.  We had a relatively new koi pond and we had some koi that were very sick.  We had sent photos of the sick fish, and Dr. K, Dr. Jaime and his wife, communicated with us multiple times giving us input and advice without ever having charged a penny from us.  We eventually brought two of our fish in to see them to be examined, and treated.  One of the fish was extremely sick and did not make it, but the other recovered after treatment.  After the fish recovered from its parasitic infection, it developed an abscess.  We sent photos of the fish, and the vets gave us advice, and told us how to treat, and even asked to see followup pictures.  It now seems as though the fish is getting better thanks to Aloha Animal Hospital.  They did all this with no charge for their time and advice.  Cannot give a higher recommendation.
I have 2 cats.  I don't like these people.  Every time I've been there, I feel they charge me too much.  I don't like the advice they give.  I hate how they send me a million reminder letters - what a waste of money for them to mail. I've switched to Dave & Rick's Dog & Cat Repair on Rural Rd (Rural & Elliot), and I feel a whole lot better.
I've used University Animal Hospital for boarding my ferret, and they've been absolutely amazing every time.    They cat kennels are immaculately maintained and spacious, the staff deal well with animals of all varieties, and you get a nice summary at pickup of your pet's behavior (including important stuff like eating habits) while you were gone. If you have a cat, they have a variety of options including kennels with a window view (perfect for bird watching) and multiple-cat kennels. Birds, ferrets, guinea pigs... If it's feathered or furry, they've boarded it and had happy customers, many of whom I've met when picking up or dropping off my own animal.    Their boarding prices are reasonable and not at all out of line with other places I called, unlike the complaints some Yelpers have about their veterinary pricing.
I have been taking my 15 year old cat to University Animal Hospital for a few years.  She is there right now and has been pretty sick, but Dr. Tascon has been great and the nurses are very caring. We have been able to visit our patient which is a huge benefit as we know she wants to come home and is scared.    We are also taking our new kitten to UAH.  The prices are a little high, but I am willing to pay for top notch care.  The front desk is fast and I like the variety of prescription diet food available to purchase.
This was the second time I had to take my cat here. I do have to give them credit she is better however and they were able to get me in quickly, BUT they are extremely overpriced.     The vet techs are very sweet however the doctor I had was NOT the most compassionate person. After spending close to $1,000 for my cat I had hoped to get a bit more sympathy from the doctor rather than misleading fees and options told to me AFTER I paid 700 dollars. They hooked her up to an IV over night, and were supposed to call me about her status. I called to check on her and after waiting 4 hours of no returned call I decided to go down there my self and pick her up. After releasing her from IV fluids, I ask the doctor if I could do it from home and he finally admitted I could do fluids from home. (Which I could have saved my self $500 and done that straight from the beginning).     Overall, I will not be going back here. The girls that help the doctors are sweethearts, but the vet I had not so much..
Great place, caring and knowledgeable staff. We moved a half hour north, but will continue taking our pet to University Animal Hospital.    We have been trying to figure out what is wrong with our cat, and they have gone above & beyond not just in exploring/treating my pet, but in demonstrating an understanding that some of these tests come at a hefty expense - always letting us know up front what the costs would be. We even had to get our cat x-rays, and when the films came back inconclusive and we were discussing next steps, the doc offered to try for one more at a different angle. Sure enough, we got a more conclusive result that helped us avoid going down the wrong path with further painful and expensive testing.
My cat has the herpes. The Herpes! And before you go slandering her good character, herpes in cats is like a cold, not an STD, quit being so judgemental. So our cat was sick and we didn't know why, Dr. Gus laid out all of the possibilities and talked us through each one and why he did or didn't think it was her case, and her case was the herpes. After telling him to go ahead and put her down, he explained it wasn't a big deal, it would pretty much seem like she had allergies, so I let her live and now we have a happy cat. Dr. Gus and his assistant were great to us and treated our cat well and with dignity even when they shoved something up her rear. Hopefully she will be happy and healthy forever, but if anything ever does happen we won't hesitate to come back. I was kidding about putting her down by the way, quit being so judgemental.
This place has its good points and its bad, but overall, I keep coming back (even though I have to drive quite a distance to get there, now that I've moved) because I'm confident in the knowledge of the vets and in the thoroughness of the animal care.     Between my own pet cats and caring for many foster kittens and abandoned cats, I've been here rather a lot, and I've seen a variety of the vets. Every vet I've worked with has been, as I said above, knowledgeable, and they clearly care deeply for the animals they're helping. There's one doctor with whom I didn't click personality-wise but it was an emergency, so I took my cat to see her. He did *everything* he could to save my baby (and succeeded!), even though there was no clear cause of what was going on. When she had to stay for several days' care, the doctor called me regularly to update me. When I went in to visit my girl, the doctor was there, checking on his patients even on his day off. Obviously, I upped my opinion of this particular doctor!     The only reason I can't quite give them 5 stars (and wish I could award 4.5) is because they are quite pricey (even with a student or good samaritan discount) and I always walk out having paid a lot more than I was told to expect when I'd called because things get added on. The vet techs have all been great, very caring and helpful, with the only exception of when I had a semi-feral to see the vet-- I warned the tech but she put her hands in his crate and got bitten and the cat was even more scared than before. The only other problem is the front desk staff.  On the phone, they're great- willing to find out how a pet in boarding is doing or to get a message where it needs to go. But in person, they'll often let you stand there for a long while before helping you (either to check in or pay to leave), and the last few visits I've been, I've had to sit in the waiting room forever and ever before getting to an exam room. (I know that emergencies happen and doctors' appointments get backed up, but this has become a regular thing.)     ANYWAY, I trust them implicitly and know that when I take a cat here, they're going to do everything they can to get the cat healthy and happy.
I agree with Jacquie H. But as opposed to cloning on doc there are a good many docs they could clone at this hospital. Dr. Gus has put together one of the most impressive veterinary teams with a broad scope of skills and expertise that I have ever experienced. Dr. Koch is responsible for Saving my very small poodle who was severely injured by someone who abused her. Not only did he save her but he along with his staff supported us over a year long process to bring the abuser to justice, providing letters to the court, copies of medical documents on several occasions. The actions of every staff member in this hospital were not only a display of impeccable professionalism and care of the highest quality but a display of their true commitment to caring for animals. The patients that go to this clinic receive the best care possible and I suspect are cared for as well if not better than human patients in some clinics.     I am committed 100% to this hospital as a result of their support and passion for veterinary care for animals. They are also committed to making sure that owners are educated and informed in caring for their pets. They present all treatment options to owners ranging from conservative in non urgent cases to aggressive care with a concise consultation on risk associated with each. This allows owner to make informed decisions. Physicians are supportive of pet owners and will weigh in on the decisions providing substantive and qualitative reasoning for their recommendations.   Another note to concerned pet owners in these difficult financial times is that when these vets present care options they do take into consideration conservative measures for non urgent situations and are very conscious of guarding against unnecessary test or diagnostics if they are not needed. This said if they highly recommend testing or diagnostics it is  generally to confirm that aggressive or costly treatments are actually needed and these test may in fact save money in the long run. They will also recommend test if the symptoms of the problem are too broad to narrow down what is truly wrong with an animal.     Great Medical team at this hospital , I could not ask for more.
What great service! I am so impressed.  Dr Naig is kind and understanding.  She has called us to check up on our beagle at least once a week for the last month.  We are still trying to find a good combination of pain meds to treat our sick little beagle and Dr Naig promptly returns my calls even when she is on vacation.      We live in Gilbert and it is worth the drive for the service.  I picked them by recommendation and their hours are great.  Same day appointments and a triage tech see's walkin's promptly.
I am sooooo glad my friend recommended you guys! My cat (Sir Rufus of Tuna) was not feeling great and our regular vet was unable to squeeze him in, you were able to see him within 30 minutes of my call. Rufus saw Dr. Cortez, and she was AMAZING! She spent nearly 45 minutes with us giving Rufus a full exam, explaining everythign to us, and answering all my questions.  I couldn't be happier and I am happy to say we have found our new vet! Thank you again for the wonderful care :)
What an amazing place! I took my 2 year-old cat Sulla when he wasn't feeling too well, the staff was amazing the doctor even called me the next day to make sure my furry baby was doing well, who does that now days?! Truly an amazing place.
I had a wonderful experience with the staff and doctors at this facility. They were able to get me in within hours of my call and did a marvelous job of assessing and tending to my very elderly cat. The doctor (Dr. Roe) took ample time explaining my cat's condition and treatment options, doing so in a patient and compassionate manner. The ancillary staff were equally patient, compassionate, and thorough, preparing me to take care of my cat at home. When my cat's condition worsened, they were able to see my cat within minutes of my call, and Dr. Tascon was also patient and thorough in describing my cat's condition and treatment options, and added a wonderful personal touch by asking if I wanted to see my cat, who had been placed in a warming blanket, before I left. Dr. Tascon called me himself to let me know when my cat's condition worsened, and I was able to come in and see my cat before he passed.  Each staff member that I encountered was sensitive and helpful, and I was really impressed by the staff as a group at this facility. I am really thankful that my cat and I were able to experience end of life care at this facility.
AVOID THEIR HIGH MEDICATION COSTS AND RELENTLESS UP-SELLING.    After a few years of decent experience, my most recent experience is that this "hospital" is focused on up-selling rather than your animals care. My pup is on joint medication and when I found it for much cheaper elsewhere (still expensive!) it was a very painful experience to get a copy of her prescription that I was due.     They kept stalling for days to provide the prescription, refused to fax or mail it anywhere or speak to the new pharmacy, and continued to try to convince me to "just buy it from us" but failing to match prices. I spoke to the director who sheepishly admitted they are not only in the business for veterinarian service but also for selling medications. I am out-of-state now and had to have someone go pick it up from their office which then took a half-hour for them to figure out how to print it out and once again tried to just sell the medication to my friend! Disgusting.    Trust them? Never again will they see my animal solely for their monetary gain. For shame.
My cat would be dead if I was still going here. This is a great place to go if you have a ton of money to burn on medications & tests that don't actually help your pet. My cat was rapidly losing weight. I noticed he was having trouble chewing his food. He'd stand over his food and water and try so hard to eat, and if he did, it LOOKED like he was having trouble. The following is the actual conversation I had with the vet:    Vet: (condescending) He's VERY skinny. He's lost  A LOT of weight. This isn't good.  Me: Ummm...I know. That's why he's here. On a holiday.  Vet: Has he been eating?  Me: *blinks* ....  Um....OK.....Well, it looks like he wants to eat. He tries, but I think it hurts him. Maybe something in his mouth. I tried to soften his food, but he won't eat it. He has trouble eating his wet food, too.  Vet: (opens mouth) Yes! Do you see the big hole in his back tooth? That tooth has 3 roots. It's probably giving him some trouble. We'll start by softening his food and giving him some wet food.  Me: ..... *blinks*  Vet: We'll give him some pain meds that will make him sleep.  Me: How can I get him to eat? He wants to eat, but he can't.  Vet: We can give him an appetite stimulant.  Me: .....*blinks*  Vet: And we need to do some liver & thyroid tests on him.  Me: He just had those done in October (it's January)  Vet: Well, we need to make sure it's not anything inside that's causing him distress. We'll call you tomorrow with the results. Oh, and here's some wet food to try. That'll be $300.    Next Day:    Vet: Hi, this is University Animal Hospital calling with your test results. It looks like your cat has a low red blood cell count  Me: Um....yes....he hasn't been eating, you know.  Vet: And it looks like he has a slightly elevated white blood cell count.  Me: He still hasn't eaten anything since yesterday.   Vet: OK, well we have some antibiotics for you to pick up for him. They're $40, and we have a few more tests that I'd like to do  Me: What about his tooth?  Vet: We have to make sure he doesn't have anything else going on first.  Me: *click*    I posted this conversation on my Facebook. Somebody suggested Anbesol and gave me a number of a different vet. I put some Anbesol on his tooth, and he ate like a horse and perked up, clearly feeling much better.    I have been given the number of a new vet, one that doesn't want to showboat their fancy lab or need me to pay for medical school. This vet didn't hear a word I said, and if I could walk in there and ask for a refund, I would. This is the second time this has happened to us in 6 months at University Animal Hospital. I wasn't the only person in the room who heard this conversation, and I asked him if I was crazy or did I hear the doctor wrong. He said no. He heard it, too. The doctor was very condescending about my cat's weight loss, yet under her expensive "stress & test" treatment plan, he ate less. I'm not impressed. In fact, I'm furious. Money is a little tight at the moment, and I would have rather spent $300 on a tooth extraction instead of a worthless test. Now I have to spend more money for another office call at another vet, plus treatment for the REAL problem. Such a waste. They care about money, not pets.
I've been in town helping my mom out and her older cat was having some serious issues.  Wasn't eating, wasn't using the litter box and just wasn't acting right.  It became a serious problem suddenly and it was obvious we had to get her help immediately.  They worked me in within hours of my call and did a wonderful job helping me, my mom and her cat.  Very patient, professional and compassionate.  Sadly not much could be done and the kidneys had already started to fail.  I was impressed at how each staff member that helped us was so sensitive to the situation and did everything to make sure our cat was as comfortable as possible before we had to put her down.  It was a sad situation to be sure but the way they handled it and my mom made me feel good.
Please read this pet lovers!!! This could be important to your pets health!    University Animal Hospital gets ZERO STARS in my book- minus if I could. Their staff is friendly but this place just does not work right and is not clean. Spent $1400.00 on a sick cat, emergency visit, and while she survived through it (which they didn't think she would) they have no clue what happened to her to begin with. We brought our kitty home and within two weeks she had RINGWORM!    This is an indoor cat, perfect health, no exposure to outside except for her first visit to this vet's office. I had no idea that ringworm was so contagious and how easy it is for pets to catch it. It is practically impossible to get rid of, the vet even said so, and can live for 18+ months in an environment, even without a host.     They were convinced our pet got it elsewhere, or outdoors. It's an indoor cat, and the timeframe they told us that signs would start to pop up was exactly the same as her visit.     This has put a huge strain on us, our other pets, and our finances. I have since gotten it and so has one of our other cats. You can't imagine how much work this is daily.     During her stay, they had used blankets and towels, she was walking around a less than clean looking room, and while I am grateful she made it through whatever it was that made her go into shock, I cannot believe she contracted ringworm. They told us when we brought her in to have her ear rash looked at that they get ringworm cases in all the time, and when they went into detail about how hard it is to get rid of, I know there is no way that they clean that well, that often between patients, and that thoroughly that they could kill all traces of it.    Please- beware and be aware! Do not let your animal off of the exam table, don't let them wonder where may not be clean. Make sure the table is santized! I really am going to look into a way to formally complain about this. This has turned our lives upside down and I wish they cared.
They have been harassing me for month about paying for tests on my cat that I didn't authorize. I changed vets a while ago because the first experience I had was a good one but every other after as been horrible.  I won't ever go back.
I took my cat in for a second opinion not realizing she would leave in a box ! I went in on an emergency basis so when hydration was offered I put her in the hospital, I should have and would have taken her home If I had been told she was terminal. I NEVER received that second opinion I went in there for, my error was trusting the Vet ! My cat was having trouble eating and drinking and had gone from 13 pounds to 51/2 pounds.     The Doc. said she was dehydrated and that " we'll get her to eat" there is no way they ever got this cat to eat anything ! She wouldn't eat the treats that previously she would " kill for " !! She was starving to death in that hospital,nothing but a skeleton and couldn't stand up for long and you could have knocked her over with a feather when she was standing ,she was so weak, too weak to meow,she tried, you could see her tummy move, what was left of it! all I could do was cry, and I'm still crying !  Again, my error was trusting this Vet and putting my cats welfare in her hands, although, this Vet is very   good at convincing vulnerable and mourning people of " stuff". I'll not say anymore about this Vet, I'll keep this as a story of what happened to me and my beloved cat and you the reader can draw your own conclusions !.    They put her on IV fluids to hydrate her and implied she was on the IV constantly so I couldn't take her home. I was never told that this cat was dying of starvation and we should put her down to end her suffering. I said from the beginning that I didn't want to run up a bill large enough to send the doc. on a world tour. I was told not to worry about the bill and late into this the Doc told me it would be $200.00 .    I left the cat and was strung along for ten days as the cat continued to deteriorate. The Doc. would not return my calls, would tell me she would call me the next day and failed to do so . I would get encouraging statements from the Doc. I would be told, " call tomorrow to see if she can go home " . When I called to speak with the Doc she would give me short messages relayed thru the receptionist that answered my call, the Doc wouldn't talk to me !  Messages like, " she ate all her food last night", which was a damned lie, that was all part of stringing me along ! All one could see of this cat were bones ! This cat was dying of starvation ! While the cat continued to lose weight. This was outright inhumane , it also deprived me of having my beloved cat at home for a few more days before her passing.     I took her body home in a Reused box they apparently had laying around somewhere, after I finally insisted that she was not getting better and that she was dying and that we need to put her down, I told them, " this borders on inhumane " !!! On one visit i said. " she's gotten much worse " the Doc said to me " you think so ? ". Dear God it was so obvious !!    I am so devastated over thinking about my beloved cat spending her dying days in a cage with strangers and all kinds of noise etc.around her . I'm still in tears thinking how my beloved cat spent the last 10 days of her life , in that cage dying of starvation .    By the way, the bill turned out to be over $600.00 . triple what I was told it would be !!!    The worst part is that I was deprived of being with my beloved cat for the last 10 days of her life.If these people put money over the welfare of our animals and the owners feelings ( and they do ), GOD HELP US ALL !!!    Do some people need money that bad or are some people just Evil ?    If you love your pet , as we all do, please do not take your pet to this animal hospital , treat them better than that, they deserve better.I'm still devastated thinking of how my beloved cat spent her last days. I doubt I'll ever get over it .    My Vet was Susie Costa-Fakler, DVM
I can't say enough good about this hospital, the veterninarians and the staff.  Friendly, accomodating, and caring.  I have two cats that have urinary and respiratory conditions which in the past have needed emergency care. This hospital has them on maintenance (diet, medicine and injections when needed) that have kept them from becoming critical for over two years.  Save the cats a lot of pain and me a lot of $.   They will handle all my animal care needs from now on!
I took my cat in for a second opinion not realizing she would leave in a box ! I went in on an emergency basis so when hydration was offered I put her in the hospital, I should have and would have taken her home If I had been told she was terminal. I NEVER received that second opinion I went in there for, my error was trusting the Vet ! My cat was having trouble eating and drinking and had gone from 13 pounds to 51/2 pounds.     The Doc. said she was dehydrated and that " we'll get her to eat" there is no way they ever got this cat to eat anything ! She wouldn't eat the treats that previously she would " kill for " !! She was starving to death in that hospital,nothing but a skeleton and couldn't stand up for long and you could have knocked her over with a feather when she was standing ,she was so weak, too weak to meow,she tried, you could see her tummy move, what was left of it! all I could do was cry, and I'm still crying !     They put her on IV fluids to hydrate her and implied she was on the IV constantly so I couldn't take her home. I was never told that this cat was dying and we should put her down to end her suffering. I said from the beginning that I didn't want to run up a bill large enough to send the doc. on a world tour. I was told not to worry about the bill and late into this the Doc told me it would be $200.00 .    I left the cat and was strung along for ten days as the cat continued to deteriorate. The Doc. would not return my calls, would tell me she would call me the next day and failed to do so . I would get encouraging statements from the Doc. I would be told, " call tomorrow to see if she can go home " While the cat continued to lose weight. This was outright inhumane , it also deprived me of having my beloved cat at home for a few more days before her passing.     I took her body home in a Reused box they apparently had laying around somewhere, after I finally insisted that she was not getting better and that she was dying and that we need to put her down, I told them, " this borders on inhumane " !!! On one visit i said. " she's gotten much worse " the Doc said to me " you think so ? ". Dear God it was so obvious !!    I am so devastated over thinking about my beloved cat spending her dying days in a cage with strangers and all kinds of noise etc.around her . I'm still in tears thinking how my beloved cat spent the last 10 days of her life , in that cage dying of starvation.    By the way, the bill turned out to be over $600.00 . triple what I was told it would be !!!    The worst part is that I was deprived of being with my beloved cat for the last 10 days of her life.If these people put money over the welfare of our animals and the owners feelings ( and they do ), GOD HELP US ALL !!!    Do some people need money that bad or are some people just Evil ?    If you love your pet , as we all do, please do not take your pet to this animal hospital , treat them better than that, they deserve better.I'm still devastated thinking of how my beloved cat spent her last days. I doubt I'll ever get over it .    My Vet was Susie Costa-Fakler, DVM
Been going here since 2004.  The staff along with Dr. Pennel and Dr. Hicks are very helpful and friendly.  We have tried taking our doxie to other animal hospitals and it just wasn't the same.  When we first brought Honey here she was given a shot and later at home she had an allergic reaction.  We called Spencer Springs and it was after hours, so it was routed at that time to Dr. Hicks's phone.  He told us to meet him at Spencer Springs to take a look at Honey.  Dr. Hicks arrived in casual attire on his own time to help Honey out.  Thats what I call great customer service and dedication.  Dr. Pennel who basically is Honey's primary Dr.  has taken care of Honey is so many ways.    I highly recommend this place.
I'm so impressed. After the catastrophe of my late pup's last vet visit, I was extra careful when I adopted a sweet girl and needed to get her a vet checkup. We brought Lucy in for her post adoption checkup and a diagnosis on some sniffles and sneezes, and walked into Spencer Springs without an appointment. We had to wait a while, but we waltzed in instead of being good citizens with an appointment, so it's to be expected! I also respect any establishment that takes their appointments first and leaves the walk-ins for last, even if it means I'm the last. There's nothing worse than waiting an hour after your appointment time in a doctors or vets office, but that's neither here nor there.    The girls were all very, very sweet to us and very patient with our scared little girl! By the time we left, Lucy assumed she was queen of that castle! Our exam was complimentary since Lucy was adopted 2 days ago, so our bill only came to 10.00 for some antibiotics.     We'll be back in a few weeks for her booster shots, and she'll be back for every other vet need she has! Thanks, ladies!
Wow. I am stunned at all the amazing good reviews. Obviously the writers have healthy pets and are used to Las Vegas style care. You know, come on in and gamble. Thank God I live out of State where pets and their humans are respected when providing care. My poor mother and her beloved pet were not so fortunate.     When you take a beloved pet in to be checked out, what vet decides to inject pain medications (without asking the owner and telling the owner you are "taking her back to test her blood sugar") when the pet has a history of severe liver issues and is known to not tolerate even Benadryl?  Despite a heroic effort of an emergency center to flush the overdose and stabilize her, it did not work and the pet is gone.      Yes, this pet was a regular patient at Spencer Springs, whose records were at this hospital. Humans do error, but a humble apology or even "I am sorry" would have gone a very long way. Unless a pet is in for emergency "do whatever it takes" care, it should be illegal for any professional to start injecting without permission of the owner of the pet.      Heartbroken in California.
I have taken 3 of my cats here and have gotten pretty good service. The girls at the front desk for check in are friendly. We have one cat Pumpkin that has periodontal disease and most of his teeth have been removed. During this process the doctor called us and kept us up to date and even got a call the next day to check on him. Impressive
I was here for nearly 2 hours just so my cat could be vaccinated, which took 2 min! They did not appear to be busy or short staffed while I was there. I probably would have been waiting longer if I did not leave the room to remind them I was waiting. I only came here because I adopted a cat and was instructed to bring him here for his neuter and vaccinations. I was not impressed after my first visit and will not be returning after this second visit. No other redeeming qualities so I would not recommend this place to anyone.
Best kitty vet I have ever been to... and that is a long list.  Dr B and staff are faaannnntastic.  They are always available - and when one of my cats had surgery the vet gave me her cell phone number in case there were complications and I needed to get a hold of her. My cat is also very nervous but when Dr. B walks in the room and pets her she immediately relaxes. Only 4 stars because the cost  of procedures seem higher than other vets.
Best vet I have found (for cats, can't speak for any other type of animal as I don't have any).    The vets are fantastic, knowledgeable, great with the cats. The office is clean, and doesn't smell of wet animal (which vets office often do). The staff are all very helpful and kind. And it is incredibly easy to make an appointment, either online or over the phone.     If you live in the area and need a vet, I would definitely recommend that you check them out.
They were phenomenal with my cat!! I was so nervous not knowing what was wrong with him but Dr. B. and the rest of the staff not only made my cat feel as comfortable as possible, but me as well.     Clean, friendly, easily accessible!    I highly recommend this vet for everyone!
Our three Maine Coons had an excellent, relaxed first visit here yesterday. The facility is large, clean, and well-staffed by a friendly team. Same day appointments are often available and the practice is open 7 days/week.     We were especially impressed with Dr. Rollins, who approached our cats quietly and gently, keeping them completely relaxed throughout the exam, and noting issues very calmly. He and his technician Mary had a wonderful rapport with the kitties--and with their human parents as well.    Dr. Rollins even called us today to see how the cats were feeling after their visit and shots.      Yes, their rates are expensive, but for high quality care that keeps our little monsters serene and healthy, we are willing to make the investment. Their website often has coupons available and they also discount some services for multiple pets.
I have been moving around a lot lately, so now that I know I will be here for a while, it was time to get the kittens in for more than a Banfield checkup.  The staff and the Dr. were very nice and helpful.  They gave me lots of info on lots of things related to my kitten.  They were nice and treated HOVA with respect and love and that's all that matters.
This place came highly recommended. (Yes there is a sign in their office offering incentive for a positive yelp review BUT they have excellent feedback on multiple websites) I went in for treatment of my pup's long-suffered allergies. I did have to wait quite a long time before drop off and after pick up but they ran several tests and are working on treatments. They gave her a free medicated bath and nail trim - nice and unexpected! Also, they price-matched 1800petmeds.com for her medications. Uh- awesome! My favorite part was Dr. Mauro. She sat down with me and chatted like we were visiting over coffee. She went over all of my questions, took me back to get my fur baby, and offered her insight as another pet owner- not just a vet. I loved her "real" presence. Her sister came in and we made fun of her spray on tan. I got to almost hang out with the staff for a minute. They are so nice! And the Vet tech- Patrick, I'm not sure if he is available but he'd be perfect for my friend Kristina. LOL!
I had finally taken a stray cat who had been at the property I work for months. I live right across the street from Haven, and I took him in to have shots/exam and he had a small wound on his left side. Unfortunately, I didn't come in until about 5pm and they close at 6, so they were unable to see him (which was understandable). As I was walking out with the cat, he got scared and jumped out of my arms. He was hiding under cars and I could not get him to come out. I went 10 feet away to my car to get some cat food I had to lure him out, and when I turned around I could not find him anywhere. Like he completely disappeared. After a good few minutes and realizing he was nowhere in sight, I got extremely upset and began to cry while looking. By this time it was already almost 6. I decided to hurry and go back into Haven and give them my phone number before they closed in case they saw him. I was obviously visibly upset, because as soon as I walked in the two girls behind the desk looked very concerned. I explained to them what happened, and without hesitation they rounded up some Haven employees (probably 4 or 5 I think) and they were all outside with flashlights looking around for my cat. I was honestly touched and I am so grateful for their care and sympathy. I know they were probably just getting ready to go home, and it was incredibly nice of them to stay and do this for me. I continued to go back to the area and look that day, and I noticed a small bowl of food in front of Haven long after they had closed. I'm not sure if they did put it out for my cat, but just the thought that they could have was so touching I wanted to cry again. Their great kindness and obvious passion for our furry companions is very evident and if they read these, I want them to know that I am so grateful for their help. I haven't found my cat yet, but I continue to look. They went above and beyond for someone who wasn't even a customer of theirs. Thanks so much Haven, your kindness really meant a lot.
In a nutshell, Dr. Mauro is the most dedicated, caring and honest veterinarian I have ever known. I frankly don't know how she has done it all these years. Her staff is awesome and they wouldn't be there if they didn't love animals.    I have been using her services for almost 20 years.  Thank you Dr. Mauro.
Allow me to be frank: my cats are obese. People send cell phone pictures of them splayed belly-up on my living room rug to their friends for a good chuckle. (Poor things. I'm sure it's genetic.)    Central Phoenix Animal Hospital helps me to treat the, er, specific ailments that go along with having fat pets without mocking or scolding me. (I'll spare everyone the details here.)  My fatties are welcomed with love, and given great care at a great price.  I love this place. They really care about animals.    The Ladies who Lunch are on a diet, and it's going swimmingly. Thanks for asking.
While I commend the pro bono work this office does for organizations such as Fallen Feathers, I'm unhappy with their overall service.  My main complaint is the lack of communication between staff and customers.  In addition, the technicians are down right rude.      On two occassions when I have been there, I have seen staff arguing with clients when the staff should have been apologizing instead.  I've experienced this myself.  When I asked a question about the treatment plan for my pet, the gal becamse so defensive I gave up with my questions.      In addition, they promised to have me my records available on my next visit.  When I showed up nothing was there and I was told it would be a few more days.  The wait time to see the vets are incredibly long.  Next time I'm going somewehere else.      I would highly suggest that they bring in someone to give their staff customer sales training.
This is the best vet I have found in the central phoenix area. I brought my 19 year old cat in a few months ago because he was having some serious problems. He was my heart and I was so happy to have found a place that treated him so well. He was in Renal failure and they helped with the fluids for months. Unfortunately, he got very sick suddenly over thanksgiving weekend and I had to take him to an emergency clinic to be put down after hours. I had seen one of the vets the day he started getting sick and when I came back to settle my bill they didn't even charge me for my last vet visit.    I feel like this office has a great heart. The sympathy card that was sent to me was signed by multiple people. When you love your pets like I do it feels good to know that the place you are entrusting your animals with cares about them. Thank you for treating Henry so well! I miss him so much but am so grateful that you helped me get some extra months with him.
It is the only place we would ever take our cat. Dr. Ruiz and all her staff make sure the  patient is first....they truly love animals in a way you just can't fake! You know your precious loved one is in great hands!   My wife and I Highly Recommend!!!
I can't understand all the negative reviews for Dr. Funk here.  I have found him to be an excellent, compassionate and caring vet who has taken good care of cats and ferrets for us.  He's always been attentive to our questions and the needs of our pets, and even showed us how to give ferrets subcutaneous fluids to help them when they get dehydrated.
Love this place! I have been taking my cat here since 2007. There is a wonderful staff, no wait time, and same day appointments! Remember to get your friend chipped!
Too bad this place can't be given ZERO stars, because that's exactly what they deserve. This review is long overdue, however I waited to see if the situation would remedy itself. I took my beautiful long hair cat to them for a lion cut almost a year and a half ago and they BUTCHERED HER. Not only did they shave off her undercoat, they nicked her in at least 5 different spots along her back, belly, and tail- all of which took a very long time to heal up because of cat's constant grooming. Long story short, her coat has been ruined because of the hack jobs they have doing the grooming here. When I called to find out if it was normal that my cat's fur was not growing back (6 months later) they treated me like I was the biggest idiot in the world on the phone. Now my cat looks patchy, and she has multiple BALD spots on her body and there isn't a damn thing that I can do about it except try to warn others to stay away from here!    DO NOT - I REPEAT - DO NOT TAKE YOUR ANIMAL HERE FOR GROOMING OR THEY WILL BE RUINED BY NON-TRAINED HACKS!!!!!!!
I would not recommend Pet Medical Center.  Over the years, we have been extorted for unnecessary medical procedures, which resulted in them attempting to extort money from us for a charge we did not authorize.    They flip flop between being very nice (we actually did have a couple of positive experiences) and being very rude, so it's a mixed bag in that regard.    The actual quality of care we experienced however, is very lacking.    Three times we have boarded our cat there - the first time they hardly fed him and he lost a visible amount of weight and ate for a solid hour after we picked him up, all the while screaming and howling for more food.     The second time we boarded him, he had days-old feces all over his body and the third time they added on an extra charge for medicine and lied to my wife, claiming that I authorized the charge, which I did not.  They were going to hold our cat hostage while extorting the money until I threatened to file suit, at which time they realized that they did not have a case.    I accept a good amount of blame for continuing to use Pet Medical Center after the first negative incident, but it's difficult to switch when all of the records and prescriptions are under a particular vet.     Please be very careful when deciding on a vet and always get a second opinion.  You owe it to yourselves and your beloved pets to get them the best care possible and avoid situations like we have had.
I think I found my go to vet. This is across town from where I live but super close to where I have my store so...... Add to that the fact that my cats occasionally visit my store on Saturdays I have found a place I can get to pretty quickly for routine visits. I adopt all our cats from Animal Foundation but finding a vet when I work full time plus has been a problem.   The staff was super friendly even when I as usual was running a few minutes late; they sure didn't make me feel like it. The place was very clean and we were taken into a cats only room. My guy was very comfortable with everyone who came in which makes getting there all the easier in the future.  Looking forward to developing a long and happy relationship
Best vet ever! We drive all the way from mountains edge just to update our cats on their vaccines because we only trust him!!!
I have to agree this vet is awesome. My cat just had surgery for a bladder stone and they are taking such good care of her. I totally trust the doctor and staff. I never waited long to be seen. Hopefully I get to take my little girl home tomorrow. My cat also hates many people, but she felt so comfortable with the doctor. It was amazing!
Dr. Cantwell is amaaazing! On my first visit, no appointment was needed. Upon meeting her, she was friendly, caring, and knowledgeable. My cat also found a liking in her. So, I asked her to get my cat spayed. By the end of the visit, she answered all my questions, provided suggestions, and even let me keep the carrier! Her service was exceptional.     On my second visit, Dr. Cantwell was sick so I had gotten Dr. Barton. My cat wasn't feeling well the night before so I brought her in. Dr. Burton said it was impossible to touch her that anesthesia was needed. After that, she said a blood sample and X-rays would be needed. Before agreeing, my boyfriend and I asked if it was possible to determine what was wrong. She said she wasn't sure, which just meant she was trying to overcharge me for unnecessary procedures. At the end, she just handed me the papers, my cat in her carrier, and left the room. Wow, nice service. Never getting her again. It comes to show how much service really plays a role.     I've heard great things about Dr. Varela but never had the chance of meeting him. I'd definitely recommend Dr. Cantwell. Dr. Barton is not even a thought. Don't let her ruin the reputation of this animal hospital. The other doctors are wonderful!
I have another vet that I typically take my cats to ( Dr. Steelman -Bonanza Cat hospital). I have currently have  4 cats, and I also foster cats. Last night one of my younger cats was in distress. She was in pain and rubbing her rear end, yelling in pain and I wanted to know why along with getting her out of pain. She has been known to eat tape and I was afraid that she had a bowel obstruction, so we took her to the closest vet " CAMINO AL NORTE ANIMAL HOSPITAL . We dealt w/Dr. Cantwell. She said that after her examination she couldn't feel anything wrong. That an x-ray would help on her diagnoses. She also told my husband that it could be a UTI, and would need to rule out everything for $225.00. She found nothing wrong. Dr.Cantwell called today and said that the x-ray was looked at by the radiologist and it confirmed her original assessment. I asked Dr.Cantwell if she would prescribe antibiotics as a precaution. Of course she said no, that she needed to perform a urinalysis on her for an additional $65.00. I am sorry , I have already spent almost half my mortgage payment and I have NO answers. I told her that too. Dr.Cantwell didn't care about the well being of my cat over the all mighty dollar.   After living in this town for 30 years and also being a cat owner for 26 of those years..this was a total rip off. She is right up there with Craig animal hospital who went to spade my FEMALE CAT THAT i HAD RESCUED, and gutted her open only to find out that she was a neutered MALE cat.     FOR $225.00 I expect something to help my cat feel better even if it is sedation, or pain meds. In a desperate situation yes, this hospital will suffice. But Lord help you if she can diagnosis a problem and send your pet home thinking that everything will work out. Dr.Cantwell has no problem sleeping while your pet suffers and she drives off in her fancy car. Disgusted and ripped off by another 2 arm bandit in Las Vegas. For $225.00 you would think she would at LEAST give her a pain shot.
My 13mo old husky Nahla was hit by a car on Christmas Eve while visiting California,  we did all we could to stabilizer her in CA spending almost $5000.  She was diagnosed with a fractured left leg and pulmonary contusion, and pulled 100cc of air/fluid from each lung, and the prognosis looked okay, just needed to have her leg repaired with a rod.  And was put in an oxygen tank for several hours and was released on the 26 at 7am and wanted us to take her back to the vet that stabilized her so we can get surgery on her leg.  Well I opted to take her to Vegas to her regular vet here at Camini Al Norte as I was comfortable to have Nahla closer to home.  Little did I know after calling them 2x before taking her that they do not do the surgery there and I asked about making payment arrangements since I depleted our funds when we were treating her in California.  So they said they don't so that and they would have to so X-rays.  So we were able to come up with funds and as Dr. H calls us in the room, she said the prognosis was bad, and said by listening to Nahla's chest she has fluid in her lungs once again, and that the repair for her leg was secondary right now which I understand.  So I requested pain meds so I can take her home to let her pass with us by her side.  When I paid the bill it was for the exam as well as the pain meds and noticed Nahla was not even put under the X-ray.  So it hurts me to believe that it was because we didn't have the money initially (but was able to come up with it without mentioning it to the vet) that they denied to really do what they can.  We left at 1:00pm from Camino Al Norte.   So Nahla has been eating and still breathing the same as when we left California, she tried standing and kept falling on her front left foot.  I pulled the bandages off and she still has the catheter in her arm, which I brought Camino Al Norte her IV bag (which was disconnected) from the Cali hospital.   So Camino Al Norte did not really check her.      I called the California emergency hospital to let them know if I can remove the catheter myself and they were kinda disgusted with the treatment here in Vegas and asked if we wanted to take her back there.   But Nahla has been through too much already, so now I'm just going to take her to another vet in the morning to remove the catheter and get a second opinion.   I am so heartbroken and can't stop crying.  My baby does not deserve this at all.  I feel so helpless right now.
I am a dentist and chiropractic physician (both retired), so when I called this office for my cat, I was astounded when the person who answered said this:  "Can you please hold or if this is an emergency......".   I cut her off at this point and said that I would be glad to hold. When she went back to her ongoing call, I looked at my wife, who found this practice on Yelp and told her that she had chosen wisely.  In all my life, I have never called another health care professional and been given the choice of getting through immediately if it was an emergency.  People who have never had an emergency have no idea how huge these few words can make.  I am embarrassed that I never thought of asking my office managers to say that.    When we arrived at CANAH, we were treated better than any of our own personal health care providers, ever.      Then we met DR. JONATHAN SNEAD.  As a doctor myself, I have a clue as how to judge a colleague.  Dr. Snead is over the top.  I wish he had been a dentist when I was practicing so I would have had someone of his caliber to whom I could have referred patients when I needed a specialist.      I wish this practice treated human beings.     Stephen G Knowlton, DMD, DC  North Las Vegas
I took my 23 y.o. cat to the McDowell Mountain Animal Hospital today hoping to euthanize her. Being 23, she far surpassed her life expectancy and was showing signs of complications due to old age. Dr. Candice Emerson and her staff could not have been gentler and more compassionate to my cat and to me.  Naturally, I was upset but Dr. Emerson handled the situation with great care and respect for my frail cat. She allowed me to be with my cat through the whole process. The total charges were reasonable. I strongly recommend this animal hospital, Dr. Emerson and her staff.
We had to take our cat Oscar to their Emergency unit because he was in obvious pain and just wasnt acting right. A quick internet search brought us to this place, it was a Monday night and the only place open, thank god it was very close to us. Since it was around 10PM there wasn't much action going on so they were able to see him right away. We had to get some X-Rays done and blood work. The vet check on us numerous times to let us know what was going on and came in and explained everything to us. The X-Rays they provided a CD copy of and even offered to fax the information over to our normal vet so they can have the records. Everything seems to be fine with Oscar now, they gave him some shots to feel better and it seemed to work instantly, we are still keeping him isolated so that he can get some rest.     It's not easy writing a review for an Emergency Animal Clinic because you obviously don't want to be there but in an Emergency I think they handled us well and treated Oscar who we see as a member of the family with great care. We could hear him crying in the waiting room because he was uncomfortable and the entire time we could also hear them doing everything they could to make him comfortable.
Made the very difficult decision to put down our very old and very sick 21 year old cat.  Took the cat to NVRAH and was very impressed with how they helped us handle the difficult experience.      The staff let us spend time with our beloved pet than gently put the cat to sleep.  All very gentle and peaceful.  Seeing how painless it was helped with the grieving process.     I was very impressed with the staff's professionalism, kindness and respect.      Two days after the visit, we received a condolence card  from the hospital with a paw print of our pet.  Very sweet.
Great staff, great service, very knowledgeable and considerate. My three cats and I go here as they were highly recommended by one of my co-workers. The staff is super friendly and always willing to listen to my questions and concerns. They also have a specific room just for cats, which is really helpful, and they are always great at making them (and their human!) comfortable. I also love that they take the time to explain everything to you and they are not pushy in the least - they outline services that are available and that they recommend, and they give you a choice. I also love that the staff is knowledgeable about species appropriate pet foods (read: carnivores need meat!), which is a rarity for vets. My cats and I are so happy to have found a vet we can trust and I for one am glad to know they will always be in good hands.
Wonderful staff. Since I just take my cat in once a year for check-ups, I always have a lot of questions.  The were very patient with me and didn't rush me at all. I also like that they have a special cat window that I think made the visit a little less stressful for everyone.  They  give all the options for recommended care and aren't pushy at all, unlike other places I've been.
Wow. This place is fantastic. My cat has been ill. I came here for a second opinion on his diagnosis and care. Everyone I spoke to from start to finish was kind and helpful. They ran the tests that were needed and explained not only why they were needed but what the results meant.   After the experience I had today I will be moving all of my pets over to this clinic. I feel comfortable with the diagnosis, and I feel informed and educated.   Even my cat loved it there! This is the first time I've ever brought my cat home from the vet and he didn't immediately run and hide!
I cannot say enough good things about Whole Pet. We took our cat here last night. The vet tech and vet, Erica, were incredibly knowledgeable, helpful and patient. We have a "problem cat" so we warned them that she could be difficult to wrangle. They said they had some tricks for that and, amazingly, they worked. (Feliway, kitty burrito, tapping on the head for distraction.) They listened to all of our questions and spend a lot of time thoughtfully responding. They explained how much everything would cost in advance and gave us options. Full service is what you get here--down to cleaning up the stress poo and pee. Erica even went so far as to help us clean out the carrier, put it back together, and gently put our cat in. Unreal! We have gone to lots of different vets in several states but Whole Pet by far blows everyone else away.
I just moved here and my cat was due for her yearly checkup, so I called Whole Pet after reading the reviews for it (and some other nearby clinics). I was impressed right away because they had an appointment available the very next morning and the receptionist was very nice on the phone.  All of the staff was so incredibly kind and made both myself and my kitty feel welcome. They took plenty of time to explain things, made sure I got estimates of how much not only that day's services would cost but also how much other services I was interested in would be.   My cat also got a free nail trim for free because it was our first visit and they showed me how to do it so I could do it at home.  I have to say I was really quite impressed with this place. It's clean, smells nice, everyone is very nice and helpful, and I will definitely be continuing to take my cat there.
Brought in my cat for a checkup. They were super nice and didn't pressure me to get any extra tests that weren't necessary as I'm on a tight budget. Very reasonable price for the level of service that we got.    I got some good advice about food soft food, and during the exam, my cat was purring so much that they had trouble hearing his heart beat.
I took my cat to her first Vet visit, and the vet, Erica,  and her staff were wonderful and friendly. They didn't try to get me to spend a bunch of money. I recommend them to everybody. I'm definitely going back.
I cannot say enough good things about this clinic. We relocated to Madison from NYC with our 4 cats, two of whom have serious medical conditions, and tried two other veterinary clinics in town before we finally found Whole Pet. We chose them based on the website, which listed a holistic approach to treatment, and went for a second opinion on one of our cats, who had been diagnosed with kidney disease. Best decision we ever made! Whole Pet is staffed by knowledgeable, kind, patient vets and techs. Everybody there seems to genuinely like animals and I'm convinced the pets know it as much as us owners. Dr. Caldwell and Dr. Hellestad have provided truly excellent treatment to all our cats, and have gone above and beyond their duty to help us understand treatment options and make informed decisions. Visits are never, ever rushed, the doctors and the techs always take the time to explain everything, and answer all our questions no matter how busy they might be or how late in the day it is. They have been able to see our pets on short-notice and always follow up with phone calls to see how they are doing. Prices are really not bad, and we are always provided with an estimate of cost, which always includes a cheaper options along with a more expensive one. We have never been pushed to chose the most expensive option, and the focus of care has always been on the pets, never on the money. We feel so lucky to have found Whole Pet and I'm happy to recommend it.
I really love these guys...they're so kind to my cats and I've found them to be very helpful in providing me with information to make informed choices about my pets' health.  And they've never made me feel bad about needing to weigh financial concerns in my decisions.  They are definitely "animal people" who know how to deal with people as well.
This place is fantastic. It's right in my neighborhood and the staff there is incredibly friendly and knowledgeable. I've called to ask questions a few times and they always take the time to talk with me.  My cat is extremely skittish and afraid of people, and Dr. Brooks has the magic touch to keep him calm and non-traumatized.  The cat has also had several health issues and has had to spend time overnight at Veterinary Emergency Services and the staff at Northside Animal Hospital have been awesome with his follow-up care.  He's on a prescription diet, so I have to stop in monthly to buy his food, and their prices are actually better than anywhere else I have found (including online).  I highly recommend them!
About five years ago I was cat-sitting for a friend and had to take her cat to the vet, which was Northside Animal Hospital. I was so impressed with the kindness, patience and efficiency of the staff I started taking my cat there. I'm the type of customer overall that likes to ask questions like, "Do you know what type of things cause that?" and "Do you know the actual statistics of success with this procedure/medicine?" and I LOVE that they always answer patiently and honestly. (It took me a long time to find a mechanic that could do the same when I took my car in, and now that I've found him I'll be loyal to him for life.)    If it is ever up to Dr. Brooks to make my cat's healthcare decisions for me, I would trust her completely.
Dr. June Brooks is a wonderful, knowledgeable vet. The vet assistants are thoughtful, kind, and really good at what they do. I am a bit of a crazy cat lady, and they never make me feel bad about my (over) concern for my cats.
We are new to the Madison area, and the move across the country stressed our cat out terribly.  He was having bladder issues, and behaving extremely aggressively when we would try to take him to a local vet clinic.  We figured we would try a mobile vet to see if staying at home would keep him calmer.    Luckily this idea worked out wonderfully.  Dr. Lisa came into our apartment and took her time in letting our cat sniff her out and relax.  She was extremely kind and patient, played with him and gave him treats...it was easy to see she truly loved animals and wanted to help.  Our cat was so much more calm and comfortable with this situation rather than being in a strange room at a clinic.      I've had pets my whole life, but this was my first time using a mobile vet.  I must say, going this route far exceeds having to deal with the stressful process of going to the vet!    Dr. Lisa is wonderful, and we will certainly be using her as our veterinarian going forward.
Dr. Lisa is an excellent vet.  Her mobile clinic makes it much easier for our cat (who hates car rides!).  She has cared for our cat for several years, and her rates are very reasonable.  She is very knowledgeable and has a clean, well equipped mobile clinic.  She not only does standard annual check-ups, but will also perform most other types of testing right in her lab, with quick results.  She also never pressures us into expensive, possibly unnecessary testing like some other vets.  She has a great bedside manner, and we couldn't recommend her more highly.  I rarely write on-line reviews, but really wanted to spread the word about Dr. Lisa!
I don't know of a more caring group of professionals more dedicated to the well-being of our four-footed friends. I recommend Pam Mache and her crew without reservation!
This place is amazing.    They were helpful when I called in concerned about my cat's eye possibly being infected. They were able to get me an appointment the next day.    Then due to unforeseen circumstances we were running late for our 2 pm appointment. I called them and asked if it would be okay if we weren't there until 2:30. They said it was fine. Then more unforeseen circumstances occurred so we called them at 2:20 , apologized and asked if we could come in at 3:00. They said that was definitely okay. I was apologizing profusely and the vet on the phone (Kristi Crass) kindly said that it's fine and that she's here anyways. She was able to make room to see us.     She saw us promptly, was really gentle with our cat, gave a quick diagnosis of an eye infection and gave us eye drops.     She was patient, kind, understanding, and accommodating. We definitely have found our vet.     The cost of the visit was about $50 - extremely affordable considering this was our cat's first visit there and that he also received eye drops.    TL;DR: Affordable & accommodating. I highly recommend this place to anyone and everyone.
First experience with Lakeview Vet Clinic was wonderful. Kristi was very gentle with my cat Zoo, but made sure to examine her fully. All of the staff was very courteous and was willing to answer any questions I had during the appointment, even though I had question after question being a new cat owner. They've also been great when I've reached out for help via phone when I didn't have an appointment.     The only comment I would make is regards to the exam room we we're placed in for the appointment. It must say it was rather clean and tidy, well lit, and had no odor whatsoever. It was however, a bit loud. There were 2 doors leading to the room, one from the lobby and one from the back area. There was lots of noise coming from both sides, and while it wasn't an issue for my cat, I can see how this might scare someone's pet more than going to the vet already did! Just something to keep in mind. I'm not sure how many exam rooms they have, and perhaps there is one that is quieter.    In general I'm so glad I was able to find a Vet Clinic like Lakeview. I am happy to know my cat is in great care during an appointment and it offers peace of mind having such a knowledgeable and helpful staff. I look forward to many years with a healthy Zoo with the help of Lakeview. Thanks!
We absolutely love this office. Dr. Ann has really done an amazing job with our pup. Dr. Ann's staff is also fantastic! The office and the rooms are always very clean. We totally recommend this location!!
Southwest Veterinary Oncology is a division of Southwest Veterinary Referral Center, which offers a variety of veterinary specialists in one location.  The oncologist is actually in North Scottsdale twice weekly, which was an added bonus.    We met with Dr. Hillers to discuss Big Sexy's treatment options for basal cell carcinoma around his ear.  Our regular vet indicated it would probably be surgery, but suggested we get a specialist involved.  Based only on our initial consultation, I can give Dr. Hillers nothing less than 5 stars.  She was pleasant, good with Mr. Fabulous (Big Sexy, not my husband), and clearly an expert in her field.  Without question, she was interested in doing what's best for the cat, and not the clinic's finances.    Based on the cat's age, intolerance for stress (yes, he pooped once in my car, twice in their office), and other health conditions, she advised neither radiation therapy (5 days per week!) nor radical surgery were the best options, especially given the cost vs the likelihood that the tumors would return anyway.  Instead, she suggested use of a topical cream marketed for the two-legged population, which can be applied at home and will hopefully result in making Big Sexy more comfortable.  We were given the option of a chest x-ray for a metastatic check, but were not encouraged to get it unless we felt it would change our preferred course of treatment.  My husband insisted we get it for my peace of mind, and we were promptly e-mailed the radiologist's report so that we could ignore his recommendation anyway:)    The consultation was very reasonably priced, and the bloodwork and x-rays were comparable to what my regular vet charges.  I really do highly recommend Dr. Hillers if you're in a similar situation.
I went to this vet after reading all of the other positive reviews.  I have been to other places in the valley and have not had the best experiences.  I brought my cat in and usually he scratches everybody at the office (I know... bad kitty!).  The staff and doctor took extra care to make sure that he was comfortable and he had no problems at all.  I had taken him into another vet in CA for the same issue (abscess) and they charged me three times as much to do the same work.  Overall very satisfied and would definitely go back again.
Dr. Senter was the only vet that would see me for a same-day, Saturday appointment when I had an emergency with one of my kittens.  Dr. Senter is amazing.  She is extremely knowledgable, caring, and makes an effort to be very involved with her patients and their owners.  I pretty much have a zoo living at my house, so we see her quite a bit-- & every time, she is just an absolute pleasure to work with.  Also, she is the first vet that I am come across that is extremely affordable.  She does not nickel and dime her patients whatsoever.  I am so happy I found her coincidentally.  I HIGHLY recommend her!
This place cost me half of what the other vet demanded for a heartworm refill check up for my two Chis, so I am a fan.  The medication package came with a rebate and they advised that it's easier if they fill and mail it out for me. Interesting?!  So, I was like, "Cool, just make sure you make a copy of the darn thing and put it in my babies' file." They were a bit surprised at my candor but heck I gotta be extra cautious cause everybody is trying to make an extra buck in these last days. I don't want to hear a month from now, "What rebate?" Um hmmm... Overall, it was a good visit even though my babies were scared the whole entire time.  But I'm gonna call tomorrow and ask it they filled and mailed out the rebate yet...AND make a copy of the form for me.  The proof is in the pudding, dahling!  I am no longer playing the role of "Booboo the fool."
I brought my Weimaraner here for veterinary visits, day boarding, and overnight boarding for the past 1.5 years until I relocated out of the area. Otto is a bit of a legend here, some may say high maintenance, but what Weim isn't?    I trust everyone at Ocotillo with my fur-son. Everyone is incredibly professional, welcoming, and will make sure your pet is cared for to the highest degree. The facility is exceptionally clean, and having used all services they offer, I definitely recommend Ocotillo as your one-stop shop for all things for your pet.
Do you want to pay $500 for your cat to get three shots? This is the place for you!! They will try to hook you into follow-up treatment because they just cannot get enough cash out of you in just one appointment. Is it odd that a shot costs $100? Not here. That's just run of the mill regular.     This place makes me understand why people just let their animals suffer until the last moment. They are no friend to animals. They are a capitalistic racket with profit as their only motive. RUN far away to a mom and pop shop where the vet and staff is not worried about padding their bill and reaching their sales goals.    BTW, when you explain to them that the cost is prohibitive, they kindly offer payment plans and credit cards. They think that is equal to finding a treatment plan that is affordable and ABSOLUTELY necessary. Oh, and the $175 in-house blood test is a complete RIPOFF!!     I do not recommend!
Ihave been bringing my cat Squishee here for a year or two now and I have to say, I am always impressed with Dr. Grossman's knowledge and his mild, calm demeanor when handling my Squishee kitty! Squishee is 16 years old and the staff always make a big to do about his arrival and treat him so good!     I am getting ready to take my other ca, much younger, named Basil to him for his first annual with Dr. Grossman. I definitely trust this clinic's opinions and values when it comes to my pet's well being. 5 STARS!!!
Went in today because of the Yelp reviews and wasn't disappointed. The staff is very friendly and they were extremely careful and gentle with our cats, and even though one of them got a shot, he didn't fuss or appear to be too panicked over it. Will happily take my animals back here again as needed.
Wow, I can not believe I walked out of here paying $500 for my cat to feel better.  I know I could have spent less, but we had just moved to the area and I didn't know where I could get a vet quickly.  So I went.  They were slow and slow to examine.  I knew the only thing wrong with him was a UTI, but they wanted to sell me on everything in the book.  Finally, they tested him and kept him for the rest of the day for monitoring.  Give me a break.  I only spent this much and put up with all of it because they were guilt tripping me into it.      Then, for an entire year, I get numerous phone calls from them asking me to make a follow up appointment.  I had even asked them to stop calling.  Ugh.    I will never let another vet guilt trip me like that again.  I can't afford $500 and had to put it on credit.  I never do that.    Yes, the cat got better, but I wish they had listened to me and just tested really quick and given me the meds for him.
Wonderful, knowledgeable and caring staff. Our family has had our pet checkup and emergency treatments performed at Arrowhead Ranch Animal Hospital since we moved to the valley 10 years ago and have always had excellent service even during the worst and most emotional times.    The technicians and Veterinarians have always been understanding and aware of the pet and our needs as owners. When we were confronted with tough decisions on the health of one of our cats all of the options were presented to us with full explanations of the pros and cons. We were then able to ask informed questions and decide the best path for both ourselves and the cat.    We will continue to use the services of Arrowhead Ranch Animal Hospital for our current and future pets as long as we live in the Phoenix Metro area, even if it means a bit of a drive from wherever we are to get there.
I have taken all my pets here and usually see Dr. Tom Ardelt.  He has done surgery on my Miniature Schnauzer and always calls the following day to check on her.  My kitty boy nearly died of a kidney stone and the treatment there saved his life.  We didn't know (he was a stray we took in) that he only had one working kidney to start with.  Their emergency procedures and new cat food has given us back our sweet little guy and he's been great for several years since the incident.  Yes, pet care is expensive, but at the end of the day, I like having a relationship with a vet and facility I can trust with my "fur family."   I recommend them and have only been pleased.
Dr. Glenn has now treated our older cat Sammy and our younger cat Sienna.......would highly recommend her to anyone.....and the happy birthday messages sent to our cats are a very nice touch.
Lifecare Animal Hospital is the ONLY place I will ever take a pet. They helped me when my cats other vet broke her ear drum, they have always been gentle, kind and caring. You can tell that every person in that office loves animals and loves what they do. They even help to calm down frantic, stressed out "mommys" who have no idea what to do.
Great place to take your cat. Treated me good and the cat as well....it can be a bit pricey but they will diagnose your pet well. Usually open late.
Dr. Glen and Dr Schmidt are so wonderful as well as the staff. I have several kitties that go there and get the best care. I love how caring they are. Dr. Glen was so helpful and loving as my kitten was sick and dying. My cats always do well in the office since its a calm environment. I absolutely recommend this office!
Dr. Glenn has been my Vet for a number of years, bringing several of my cats back from the brink of death. Recently my older girl needed some minor surgery to remove a lump and to get her teeth cleaned. The service at Lifecare Animal Hospital continues to be the best I've seen in the pet industry. Jolie has now had her stitches out and she's running, jumping and playing just like a kitten. Thank you Dr. Glenn for your continued care of my kitties!!! You are the best!
We recently took our two adopted cats to LifeCare Animal Hospital.  We were greeted so pleasantly by the receptionist and that set the tone for the rest of the visit.  The entire staff was wonderful and we felt that they cared for our animals as much as we do.  We even received a follow up phone call the day after to see how the kitties were doing after their shots.  It is a 40 minute trip from our home to come here, but I can't imagine going anywhere else in the future.
I recently took 2 of my cats to see Dr. Glenn. I've been there many times before and as usual, the staff was supurb and Dr. Glenn was so kind and caring to my 2 babies. One of my kitties has gone blind, but we also discovered she has high blood pressure. Thanks to Dr. Glenn, that is not under control and her blood pressure is back to normal. The other one has been having what I thought was asthma attacks, but Dr Glenn diagnosed that it was not asthma and put my cat on meds that has just about removed the coughing. Im sure once the round of medicine is complete my cat will be good as new. I'm so grateful to have Dr. Glenn and Lifecare animal hospital to take care of all my cats as they have for years. I wouldn't go any where else.
I recently took 2 of my cats to see Dr. Glenn. I've been there many times before and as usual, the staff was supurb and Dr. Glenn was so kind and caring to my 2 babies. One of my kitties has gone blind, but we also discovered she has high blood pressure. Thanks to Dr. Glenn, that is under control and her blood pressure is back to normal. The other one has been having what I thought was asthma attacks, but Dr Glenn diagnosed that it was not asthma and put my cat on meds that has just about removed the coughing. Im sure once the round of medicine is complete my cat will be good as new. I'm so grateful to have Dr. Glenn and Lifecare animal hospital to take care of all my cats as they have for years. I wouldn't go any where else.
I had taken him to this vet clinic before, and had had a frustrating experience (the vet kept telling me that my very calm cat was stressed out).     This same cat was having some issues with sneezing and coughing, so we had to take him to the vet again. We ended up with a different vet and a different tech. This tech took the time to keep our cat calm (even during the thermometer), and made sure that I was aware of the full process for my cat's treatment. The vet was very nice, and listened to everything that I said.     The clinic was able to give my cat an antibiotics shot so I wouldn't have to give it to him orally, and the clinic provided me with support on how to give my cat the anti-virals without him spitting.  All of this was relatively cheap- only $140 total!     Two days after the appointment the vet actually called me to see how the sick cat and the healthy cats at home were doing! I've never had a vet take that kind of time for me/my pets.    They can be kind of pushy about services (cleaning cat's teeth, etc...), but overall, I think that they understand that sometimes there just isn't the money for it.
I love this place.  I have been to many veterinarians, but this place blows all the others out of the water.  It was hard to find someone that cares about my animals as much as me.  I came in because my cat was peeing on my furniture.  This was not the first time she had done this so it started to concern me.  They diagnosed her as much as they could before they ran tests.  They came in with a price sheet to let me know how much certain tests would cost and which ones were not necessary.  Some tests were just to have a thorough analysis of my cat.  I opted out because they were a bit pricey and if they were not necessary I did not want to go through with them.  They found she had a urinary tract infection and gave me medicine as well as some urinary OS food they sell there.  I have two cats so I was concerned the food might not sit well with my other cat.  They told me it would be fine and even helpful for my other cats digestions.  Well it has been a year and I haven't had any problems since.  I highly recommend this place.  They are very caring and want to help your little creatures.
I brought my sick cat in with some very specific requests- I had a fairly good idea of what was wrong with her (having been through this particular illness before) and knowing the treatment that had worked best for her last time she had this problem. I am new to the area and was searching for the right vet to help take care of her.    The vet tech at the hospital was amazing; she was very caring and I could tell she knew her stuff. The vet whom I saw, though, left me with a very bad impression. He recommended all kinds of expensive tests that my cat did not really need (I had learned that from experience). Even after I explained to him specifically what I wanted, he really tried to push the expensive tests by giving me worst case scenarios. I honestly felt like he was trying to capitalize on my affection for my cat in order to make money.    Long story short, I took my cat to another vet with my same requests and was listened to this time. She got the medicine she needed and is now healthy again. Had I listened to the vet at Fletcher Heights, I have no doubt she would have eventually gotten what she needed, but I'd also be down several hundred dollars in order to get her back up to snuff.
I was just at Tatum Banfield Pet Hospital with my cat with her ear infections today. They charged me over 200 dollar for a visit and medicines ( cleaner, one time take home drop and one over counter ear mite medicine. ) . I was standing there for 5 minutes holding my cat to wait to be checked in. They took care of people who came after me first while I was holding my 10 lbs cat and then they asked me to fill out some paper works while I was holding my cat. I was about to leave at that time which I should have. When I came home and looked at the medicines, I realize that it's an over counter medicine and all medicine with 6 months expire day ( which surprised me. Most of these medicines should have at least one year). I dont think I will ever go back.   I was worry that my cat ear infection got so bad and she might have a fever.   That's why I feel like I have to take her in today. Otherwise, I should have made an appt with the doctor that we were seeing. Our last visit to scary cat for the same problem was only 125.
Had a mini emergency and they got me right it.  The vet was great with my cat and the staff was amazing.  They have a great price and wellness package that I got that covered everything my cat need plus her shots when she needs them.  I will miss my old vet but this is so much closer and they where great.  If you live in the South Phoenix or Laveen area this is a great place to take your pets.
We had our first visit today. I called at 8 and asked for an ASAP appointment. They got us in at 8:40. The place was clean and had zero animal smell. I have a serious allergy to cats and had no problems in their office. Dr. White was friendly and kind with my pup. He thoroughly answered all my questions. They get a 5 star review for first impression. Now let's see if we can figure out what's wrong with our pup and not have cost thousands :)
Worst experience at a veterinary office.    I had a 9:30 appointment and this was my first visit.  I had already researched their website (www.caringhandsvetlv.com), and I had a good impression of this place... UNTIL I CAME HERE.    First off, Mando (receptionist and veterinarian's son) was very rude to me.  I was explaining the reason for my visit, and he kept questioning my concern.  His attitude was so cold and harsh and I felt like he was dismissing my concern and the obvious symptoms that I wanted checked.  He's in no position to diagnose or assume anything about a pet's health, so he shouldn't dismiss patients' concerns... leave that to be discussed with the veterinarian.    I came early to check-in and fill out paperwork (which I was surprised there was NO paperwork-- unusual).  They didn't want any history of medical conditions, allergies, or anything beyond the name and age of the pet.  Doesn't seem very thorough to me.    Then, I get to the exam room and see a FILTHY exam table with cat hair and tiny black droppings all over it!  Remember, I was the first patient of the day.... so they're starting the day with a DIRTY TABLE from the previous day!!!  I couldn't believe no one washed it off, and even when I mentioned it to the staff they shrugged and did nothing!    But the real kicker is when I overheard the vet tech telling someone over the phone that the doctor wasn't there yet.  At this point, I'm now 15 minutes past my appointment time waiting in a dirty exam room.... and I find out the veterinarian isn't even here!!!  So again, I questioned the staff and the female vet tech was apologetic, but shrugged her shoulders as if to say "sorry, but this business as usual" or "this is normal for us".  Meanwhile, Mando was defensive saying that I came early so it's not the doctor's fault for being late!  What the hell kind of response is that?!?!  It's 15 minutes past my scheduled appointment time and you don't have the decency to let me know that the doctor is running late?  I have to overhear it from the vet tech to find out.  They should respect patients' time and let them know if there's an emergency and the doctor is running late... but in this case, it wasn't an emergency-- it's just poor professionalism of the veterinarian with not showing up for his own scheduled appointments!    I was prepared to sign up for their annual health plan (approx. $400), and this whole situation could've been resolved with a simple apology, common courtesy, and fixing their mistakes.  Mando should've said "I'm sorry about the wait, but I spoke with the veterinarian and he's on the way".  Then, they should've acknowledged the dirty exam table and cleaned it, or better yet... switch me to another room with a clean table.  Heck, even if they took a small discount off the total for all the trouble, I would've been happy with that and a simple apology.  Instead, they lost my business (I walked out) over the poor service and attitude of Mando... and remember, he's the veterinarian's son!!!  You can tell that he was hired due to family ties, and certainly NOT for his abilities or customer service.    I hope this place improves.  I would love to hear from the veterinarian (if he could be timely with his response, since he wasn't on time for the visit).  For now, I hope anyone reading this AVOIDS this veterinarian office.  Filthy exam tables and rude service aren't worth it.       ~~ FYI ~~  their website is outdated and doesn't say anywhere that they charge $0.35 fee for debit and credit card transactions.  (You'll find that out when you get there).  This is the first time I've seen a veterinary office do that.  I know 35 cents isn't much, but it could quickly add up if someone had frequent visits for exams, grooming, vaccines, etc.  It's just another way to nickel and dime patients.
My cat, Benny, comes here and I am amazed at how they treat him and how amazing the service is here. He had an ear infection and they were easily able to clean his ears and determine what was causing this infection. The staff is beyond wonderful and goes the extra mile to make sure my cat feels comfortable and is getting the right service. I would not take my cat anywhere else since I have taken him here. I love how close it is to my house as well and the hospital is very well kept. I will definitely be taking my cat here for check ups because this place is amazing and they do care about your pet. I would recommend anyone to come here and bring your pet.
I brought my cat in to get his teeth clean and they did a great job. He is eight years old and had really bad teeth. When I picked him up from the vet after his teeth cleaning I checked out his teeth and they looking awesome. No more tarter! Made his teeth look clean and almost like he was a kitten again. Also I loved that they would call to give me updates on him. Thank you seven hills for your great work. Xo Kayla & pretty boy
I came here to bring our cat because he was throwing up. The vet was ok but really gave me the impression there was seriously something wrong with my cat. I know he has a murmur but they suggested testing, and I felt those testings would have been invasive.     They also push for science hill food. That I wasn't happy about. I did switch my cat partly from dry food to wet/dry but with a better brand. After doing a little research I found out some pets die of cancer from science hill food, and it's the even the healthiest.    We left just with the shot for him throwing up and actually had a better experience with Green Valley Animal Hospital months later. The technician though was a very nice.
Honest, helpful, and wonderfully friendly. I am EXTREMELY picky when it comes to my pet's health care; these guys fit the demands perfectly. With a healthy range of practical experience and the new guys who are smart on the latest technology, Grand Montecito Animal Hospital is the place to go! My pup, Kirin, sees Dr Bivens and Dr Blue. Both are incredibly knowledgeable and approachable. I never feel intimidated or 'talked down to" here as I have felt at other Hospitals. They take great pride and care in giving your pet the BEST treatment possible. Dr. Lewis' knowledge base is invaluable!   Dr. Blue and Bivens worked together to give Kirin the best options for her needs and did a wonderful job at fixing her entropion. I am so pleased with their skill and care.  The office is always friendly and accommodating. Minette, Katie, and Gaby  are always there with a great smile and kind words.  Kirin loves them all just as much as I do; her tail starts wagging like crazy as soon as we pull into the parking lot. That alone is probably the best indication of just how amazing they really are.
My puggy was not feeling too great after some excessive jumping and when she's in pain you know - she sits in a corner and shakes. This place had good reviews and a plus was they are open sundays so we shot over as soon as we could.     We came in without a appointment and brought her into a waiting room.  The people there checked on us often, was really nice and apologetic about the wait.  It was understandable because there was a emergency situation going on with another pet and only one sunday vet....We waited a while but it was appreciated that the staff cared to check on us so it wasn't a negative.    They took her back and did her vitals and checkup in the meantime. They came back to check on us and asked if we wanted her back or can she just stay with them. I've never been asked that actually, it was kinda nice but I let her stay there to be observed. Eventually the vet got into consulting about getting a xray done since he suspected hip dysplasia. He was unfortunately right.. He was very thorough about showing us the xrays, talked about treatment options and possible surgeries for the future if it becomes unmanageable with medication and supplements.     Dr. Bivens definitely has been the first vet we've liked and clicked with so it was as pleasant as a vet visit for a sick pet can be. My girl was all wags and happy when she came back from the back so she feels comfortable there so it's a plus. The several staff members we dealt with were all really friendly actually from the front desk to the vet techs and the vet. The way they treated Jezzy also seems like they care...it's shocking how neutral or abhorred some people act at other practices.     They are also available for 24/7 care. You can call their number and a vet will come meet you at the hospital. This is a plus since the closest emergency vet is far on Charleston.     Prices weren't too bad for the visit, xray, 2 meds, a shot, and supplements. If you're a new client they are doing a free checkup offer on their site, so make sure to mention it.     I'm picky but I think we found our vet officially for our 2 pugs and our cat! Nice staff, open 7 days a week, down the street from our house, emergency services - lots of pros to like.
I love this animal hospital. Someone having many cats, I know my fair share of Vets. Everyone is very nice and knowledgeable from the front desk to the vets themselves.   What really adds the 5th star is they dont take your pet back and do every test then stick you with the bill. They ask you first if you would like it done and explain everything that is going to happen. I have seen a couple of vets here so i can't name any personally but they are all amazing. Even calling days after leaving to check up on the pet. Wouldnt go anywhere else!
First off, Doctor Lewis is an upstanding veterinarian from what I have seen and experienced. He seems compassionate, thoughtful, and immensely professional. Not sure why he is at Montecito, but he would indeed be an asset to any group and you won't go wrong having him tend to your feline friend.    With that being said, the rest of this outfit here at -- Grand Montecito Animal Hospital -- is a disgrace to animalkind. And they, naturally, are the problem (Dr. Lewis excluded).    My experience was that of an emergency. And let me be clear: this review ... it really has nothing to do with money. I want to put that out there right after my initial disclaimer that this has nothing to do with Dr Lewis either. In fact, I specifically stated that they could do whatever it took and accepted the high-side estimate that was offered (they exceeded that contract -- without authorisation -- by the way).     I signed the high-side and asked that they do all that they could. I thought the cat who I am currently pet to was dying. You can imagine how upsetting this could be and how much more pissed off one might get if they just so happen to mistreat this same cat while somehow -- not sure if this is even legal -- exceeding that high-side.     Alright, this is what happened and you judge whether it warrants the 1*:     Kitty was placed in a tiny carrier and left in that carrier for countless hours.    The bandage on her lil' leg -- there to protect her wound from where she was IV'd -- soaked in urine. I am going to make the major assumption that she did not eat or drink anything during that whole time (is it worse if she actually was removed from the carrier to be fed and put back in there in that condition?).    Now, there are several people I find fault in this; it is not just Grand Montecito Animal Hospital.     It sorta boils my blood to actually reflect on it so I do not think I will write any more on this subject. I do not think any animal should be treated in such an atrociously despicable manner, especially when a friend of said animal is paying in excess of a thousand U.S. dollars to treat what turned out to be merely a case of constipation.     There are other disturbing problems in this hospital that I will do my best to point out here: (a) a disturbingly gas-happy policy of superfluous, multiple use; (b) miscommunication and an inherent disorganisation that is detrimental to the well-being of the patients, as well as the continued dissemination of accurate information to their friends (some people refer to them as "owners"); and (c) a lack of accountability for fuck ups within the office.     I would not trust this hospital -- even in the case of emergency -- and, I would recommend that neither should you. Thank you for reading; kitty is doing fine, really no thanks to the staff and preposterously, numerous unnecessary gassings from Grand Montecito Animal Hospital.      Career Tip: If you cannot handle dealing with animals, maybe this is the wrong line-of-work. Perhaps being a florist or some shit would be more suitable. Gas yourself. - E
I used to drive super far to take little Rex here...and then I discovered their Mesa location.    This location is the newest one they had at the time...and it showed. It was all gorgeous and shiny - very pretty.    From the front desk staff to the doctors, we received nothing but the best treatment, not only in customer service but also in how they interacted with Rex.    I can't say enough positive things about the Family Vetcare clinics.
I am so thankful for the team at Topaz.  I recently took my cat in when he was very sick and was immediately put at ease by the level of competence and care.  Last year I took another cat in to be neutered after feeling pressured by a different vet to pay a tremendous amount of fees and have my kitten undergo various unnecessary procedures.  I have never met a vet team that I trusted more and will continue to always bring my pets here.  The office is very clean and welcoming.
Topaz Veterinary Clinic is amazing. I was worried about finding a good vet when I moved to AZ: one cat has several severe allergies and bad teeth, the other is a feral. I wanted a vet who was aware of recent research, and who didn't push unnecessary procedures. I went to Topaz based largely on reviews, and I am so glad I did!    Dr. Berthiaume and Dr. Marzke are excellent veterinarians! They are caring, very informed, and clearly very interested in the science of veterinary medicine. You can tell that they really care about animals and about what they do. I am very happy with the way they have treated both of my cats, through dental cleanings, a difficult infection, and allergies. Their office staff are also fantastic, friendly, and kind. No one ever tries to push unnecessary procedures or vaccinations onto my pets. I trust this clinic.     Topaz isn't cheap, but it isn't overpriced either. They do not nickel and dime you. I think the prices are reasonable, and they will also work out payment plans if you have a history of good payment with them.
After seeing the outrageous prices at another clinic we made an appointment here at Topaz. This clinic is fast and extremely friendly. Every staff member here complimented our cat and was very patient and it was easy to see that they are all animal lovers. At the end of the appointment we were very happy with the price too; 25$ off for new patients! We will definitely come here from now on and make this recommendation to our friends as well.
We learned about this Veterinarian office while guests at Oasis RV Resort last April. We are full time RV'ers whose home base is Las Vegas and we travel a lot in the western states. We always locate a veterinary practice when we plan to stay a month or longer to insure we have care if and when needed for Gander, our 5 year old Weimeraner. We have had mostly good experiences and have chosen carefully but we cannot say enough good things about Dr. Brooks, his colleagues and Town Center Animal Hospital. Gander has received excellent care and we never have a problem making an appointment even though our schedule doesn't always provide a lot of lead time. If you are looking for a reliable, professional Veterinary practice to entrust your pet(s) to...........this is it!!!!! OUTSTANDING
I am so happy my GF found this place for our Himalayan cats.  We had been going to a different vet that was closer but must have been completely ripping us off now that I have some comparative pricing. The money spent here is very fair and they will even work with you on putting down just a percentage of cost if you have a higher bill to pay. The Vet doctors are all very nice, intelligent,  professional and I think my GF has a crush on one of the young docs so that's a plus for all you girls (or some boys) out there. Ha! Our cats have been there for spaying and other blood tests. They have been very informative and always took great care of our extended family. Doesn't get any better than Town Center Animal Hospital.
The best animal hospital in town.  Period.    All the doctors here are awesome.  The staff is great.  We were recommended to this place by our friend.  We've been taking our beloved pets here ever since.    We had all of our cats here declawed and spayed and neutered.  They did a great job.  We also had to put down our old Collie here and they were very sympathetic about it as well as had good bedside manner in dealing with your bereavement.    They are 24 hours for emergencies.  Our daschund is a big baby and when he bumped his shoulder / elbow full force into a door we rushed him here.  They looked at him and gave him something for his pain and suggested we do scans on him to see if there was anything really wrong.  We decided to wait a day and he turned out to be OK.    I also referred by brother here to get his kittens spayed and they did awesome as well.  One of the kittens had a horrible reaction to the anesthesia but they saved her and she is fine now.    Best. Place. Ever.  We're never taking our pets anywhere else.  This place is as good as it gets.  Highly recommend them.
I meant to write this review sooner but work got in the way.     After writing my initial review, Dr. Stewart called me that afternoon to apologize for the medicine mix-up and to assure me the meds would be ready for pick up that Monday, meaning my cat would only miss a day. She was also happy to work with me in regards to using my old compounding pharmacy in LA for refills. It was refreshing to know both she and the hospital staff take their clients needs so seriously. I know I can be a bit over-reactionary about my cat (as most pet parents are) and they handled it in stride.
I would've given the hospital 4 stars based off of my initial visit, but have dropped it down to 3 stars given what happened today.    I'd recently moved to the Summerlin area from LA and was in need of a new vet. I liked that Town Center received positive reviews and more importantly, has staff on site 24 hours, so I decided on them.    I took my 11 year-old cat for her old lady check-up/blood work-up. I saw Dr. Stewart, who was very kind and complimentary of my cat. She threw me off when she admitted to having never heard of the medicine my cat is on (Budesonide, helps treats cats with IBD). It's been on the market for at least 5 years so I'm not quite sure why it's so new to her. It's a bit awkward when the client is explaining what the medicine is and what it does. I didn't want to judge because I understand new meds/technologies come out everyday and it can be hard to keep up, though in reality, research is also part of a doctors job. I was told to call in the prescription a few days before my current refill was up as the med needs to be compounded at an outside pharmacy. No problem!    With 6 pills left, I called the office this past Mon requesting the prescription be filled. I wanted to give them extra time because of Christmas. The receptionist assured me it would be ready by Fri (but was going to pick up on Sat). Sat AM, I get a call from the office stating that because it's a compounded med and Christmas happened and the pharmacy is closed on the weekends,the med won't be ready until Tues. Needless to say, I was a bit perturbed. I explained to the receptionist that this was exactly why I called in the prescription on Mon, and that the last time I checked, Christmas was only one day. What happened to the other 3 days? It would take 1 day for my old LA pharmacy to compound this med and this pharmacy had 3 days. Now due to an error on the hospitals side, my cat won't have her med for 2 days.    Granted, the receptionist was very apologetic and admitted that it was an error in their part, but didn't offer any kind of solution. How about the med be expedited and ready on Mon? Nope. How about get the vet on the phone to offer an alternative? Nope. I understand this is a large facility, but errors such as these are inexcusable. Minus Christmas Day, they had 5 days to get it together, and they didn't.     I'm always willing to give places a second chance, so we'll see what happens when I have to call in a refill. Perhaps I'll give them a two-week notice. But here's the rub, if they can't have a prescription properly filled out in a timely manner, can I really trust they'll be able to handle an emergency situation? I am currently very unsure, and that is what worries me.
I have experienced many vets while living in the Valley, and no one so wonderful and amazing as Dr. Jarvis at Kennilworth Animal Clinic!  She really cares about animals and has taken her own personal time to help me get my cat regulated with his insulin (as we found he was diabetic). She understands the financial burdens pets come with, and has found a company to donate syringes for my cats insulin injections. That is one less thing I have to worry about paying out of pocket for!  Dr. Jarvis was a life-saver (literally), as I originally came in my first visit to put my cat down. She was able to take him under her wing for a week and get him stabilized and insulin regulated. Now me and my kitty are doing so well together at home and there are hopes he will go into remission within the next few months! I couldn't be happier with my experiences at this clinic and their staff! I am so glad I found a vet who cares so much about pets and their owners!
I've been taking stray kitties here to get fixed before I adopt them out.  I like the atmosphere and appreciate their hospitality.      The thing that I liked the most about coming here is how available they make themselves to you.  I called and left a voicemail on a day that they weren't open hoping to schedule an appt for that Wednesday.  Since they didn't open until Wednesday I thought it was a long shot since they probably wouldn't get my message until that morning.  Nope- I got a call from Dr. "Scott" that same day and scheduled my appt.  He called back on a day he was supposed to have off!  I've gotta appreciate their dedication to their craft :)
I would not hesitate to take my pet here. Dr. Diskin was informative, and very gentle in the way he handled my cat.  She is afraid of men usually and went to him purring.  Her post op recovery was very smooth.  She was not nauseated, nor did she seem in any pain.  They sent home pain medications which she did not mind at all.  Awesome..  And Debi the receptionist is very very nice.  The price was very reasonable.
I found PAWS through CapNip & Tuck, a local group that assists in low-cost spay and neuter. We took in a stray male cat that was dumped in our neighborhood over a year ago and we were not able to rehome him or find his owner. Mango, as we call him, wanted to be part of our family, but we couldn't do it till we had him fixed and checked for communicable diseases. I was very impressed with cleanliness of the clinic, the friendly atmosphere and the caring attitude from the Dr and the whole staff. You cannot find a better price anywhere for their service. The tests we had run were a little more expensive than our former vet, but since we were already there we went ahead and got them. They send you home with great instructions for post op care and pre-measured pain meds, which is very helpful. I will definitely use them again and recommend anyone to contact CatNip & Tuck through their web site, fill out their application and get a VOUCHER --you will save big time! ($20.00 for a cat neuter plus 15.00 for pain meds!!)   This is an A+++ clinic !!!
Best looking and cleanest  spay surgery incision I have ever seen. Pain meds included with the surgery and was able to have my kitten vaccinated at the same time. Great price and great employees. I will be using them again.
Awesome place! My baby girl is already very shy and the people at paws made her and myself feel very comfortable. The clinic is nice and prices are VERY reasonable. My girl just came out of heat and I figured that would be the "extra charge" that threw me, as paws sounded to good to be true. Turned out to be a pennies on the dollar!     I dropped my girl off around 8, picked her up around 1:30, of course she was a little sleepy. Slept it off for about a day, they sent me home with pain medication that was easy to use and she doesn't seem to mind the taste.    3 days later...her scar seems to be healing beautifully and she's back to her old self!
We have had all 3 of our siberian huskies fixed here, our male was a little complicated with a testicle that couldnt be found, but they did it with no complications, our two girls also got fixed and they handles all of our children like their own, Dr. Diskin is the best and the staff is second to none, caring and compassionate!
I am a breeder of rare, hypoallergenic cats.  I have been breeding for 17 years and worked with numerous veterinarians during that time.  Dr. Diskin and the staff at AZ Paws are amazing.  Their personalized attention starts with the human involved, and then intensifies with their patients.  I have seen so many vets charge extra for pain medication for animals post-surgery.  Dr. Diskin's group cares so much about their patients that they automatically give the pain meds in small, careful dosages.  I have used their services for spays, neuters, flight certificates, vaccines, and medical maintenance, and have been pleased every single time.  The cherry on top is when Dr. Diskin sends a personal email or makes a personal phone call following up the day after surgery to make sure the patient is doing well.  They are very, very affordable and have my utter respect and appreciation.  Use this organization without hesitation.    Breeder of naked kitties.
Took our kitties here after their perverse actions led me to believe that removing their man hood would be a good idea. My wonderful fiancee did all the foot work and found the best deal for us that was near our house. Dr. Katz and her sister were super friendly and treated the kitties like they were their own pets. The cats still like to whine outside our door at 5am but apparently so do the docs. Great experience overall and we will be coming back for any of our animal needs. THANKS GUYS!! ALSO WAS SIGNIFICANTLY CHEAPER THAN OTHER VETS WE CALLED!
Luckily my nose was stuffed because my sister said it reeked.  We were seen on time but the vet came in never even itntroduced herself-never asked how the kitten was doing, what she was eating or if we had any concerns-she picked her up and wisked her away to do the blood work for the one test I had requested.  I also brought a fecal in and was told they send them out and I would hear this week about results. Some guy brought her back and handed her to me and said nothing.  We stood there wondering do we wait for the vet to come back in and give vaccines?  Go back and sit in waiting room?  Yes, they were busy but it would have been nice to be given some direction and where we were in the process.I had to ask if she had been given the vacs-he said yes the dr. did them in the back room.  I don't like that-I like to see that it was done and what spot they used. to inject in case of future problems.  Then the bill--yikes-we had a charge for a test I didn't ask for--but they do give 10 bucks off for 4 procedures.  So I spent an extra 35 for a 10 dollar rebate.  Will I go back?  Nope-too far for the little bit you might save . Better vet right here in Anthem.
Love the attention by Dr Katz and Staff. Most importantly she listens! Her rates are very reasonable and for the service given they are wonderful. I have 2 cats and a stray we feed twice a day. Brutus stop eating so much! Had him "fixed so he wouldn't spray. He showed no signs of pain after the surgery so I know things went well for him. Dr. Katz we think the world of you!
I cannot trust my precious cats to any pet clinic where the front receptionists are disorganized and clueless!     My wife requested a food prescription for one of our cats (previously seen by Dr. Katz).  Dr. Katz apparently wrote the prescription because their office CALLED US and said it was ready.  They told us we could pick it up any time.    When I asked for it at the front desk, the two receptionists had no idea where to find such an uncommon, top-secret item!  After twice misspelling my name, they finally found our file on their computer, but still had no clue where such a prescription might be!  Surprised that they couldn't find it in our file, or even had a place to put non-cyberspace prescriptions, I had to ask about the lack of their organization skills.  One of them, still looking around for it, slapped her hand on an empty part of a shelf behind her and said they usually keep things like that there! "Ah," so I thought, "where any little breeze could blow it on the floor or maybe into a trash basket!" I guess putting things like that in a folder or small box never occurred to them.    Then the practice manager came out and apologized but could still not locate our prescription!      I'm sorry to seem so hard on these people, but what does it say about a practice where the very first people you meet have no filing system or basic organization skills--like where to put forms or papers to be picked up by clients?     I wish this clinic success, and perhaps Dr. Katz is a skilled veterinarian who gives the time animals deserve, but with the chaos in the front area, and the inability of their practice manager who was unable to explain why no one is on the ball, I suspect they are too successful by having more business than they can handle.
When you need this service, these lovely people are the ones to call.   Dr. Fixler make it as good as it can be.   They are a  lovely, kind, caring couple who guide you gently through the process.   We just (minutes ago) had to have our very old cat put to,sleep.   I can write this review only because I think, it is so  important for people to know about people who can and do ease the pain associated with losing a cherished member of your family.
It's always fun to write a 5-star review...to share that you found the greatest restaurant or best hotel.  Well I did find the greatest veterinarian under the saddest circumstances, and it warrants a 5-star review even if it's lacking the fun factor.      Suzi was a scrapper, no doubt about that.  We brought her home from the hospital 3 months ago blind, deaf, and extremely weak following a severe seizure.  As soon as she was home, she knew it.  But would she use the "handicapped" litter box I brought for her?  Nope, she made the trek to her box with the big step up without so much as bumping into a wall, though I had to carry her back out of it.  But with minimal medications and more love than she could stand, she quickly recovered, including her eyesight, to everyone's amazement but her own.  We were blessed she had weeks ahead of quality life with us, but are heartbroken she took a turn for the worse on Thanksgiving night with two seizures only two days apart.  At 19+ years, it was obviously her time.  We called Happy Endings.    Dr. Fixler offers 24/7 service and now limits his practice to in-home euthanasia.  With a background in internal medicine and orthopedic surgery, he told me while in general practice, he found a need for this type of service and thought it was always "the right thing to do," but he couldn't always be there for his patients.  Now he can.  Offering valley-wide service, you can schedule a time that's right for you, but he's also available for emergencies.  He and his wife, Alicia, came quickly to Suzi's rescue. They are truly two of the most beautiful people you will meet...caring, thoughtful, and professional at the same time.  He explained each step of the procedure and uses a combination sedative to ensure your pet is completely comfortable.  And she was (although she gave him one good hiss just before the sedative).  Although we handled Suzi's arrangements ourselves, Happy Endings can do it for you.  Lots of information on his website.  Read it before you have to.  Bookmark it before you need it.      I wish I could say that I had one of those storybook endings where your pet looks lovingly into your eyes and says "thank you."  I didn't get that when I lost either of my kitties.  But this one was smoother, and hopefully Little Lu did have a Happy Ending.    We miss you Lu Lu.
Yesterday we needed the services of Dr. Fixler to put to rest our cat Smokey, as he was terrified to go to the vet. The doctor and his assistant made a very sad and difficult time a lot easier for us and Smokey, who passed away in his favorite napping spot in the house and it was very peaceful and painless for him.  Thank you so much for offering this service Dr Fixler, we have others in our pet family and will be seeing you again, hopefully not for quite a while!
My husband and I are so grateful for this service.  Dr. Fixler was exceptionally kind during the process, and his calm, caring nature ensured a peaceful transition for our cat Luxor.  We take solace in knowing that Luxor did not suffer, even a bit, and was spared having to be transported to the veterinarian's office.  End stage kidney failure took him so quickly, we were glad to be able to do this one small thing for him in the end.    A heartfelt thank you to Dr. Fixler and his team.
Our sweet 9 year old cat, Bailey got sick just days ago.  After a 24 hour stay at an emergency hospital, we just couldn't get her to snap back at home.  She ended up with what the doctors thought was fatty liver disease and simply had no interest in food, treats, tuna fish, or water.  My husband and I tried for over a day to syringe feed/water her and she was simply weak and miserable and we were heartbroken doing that to her.  She was a class act girl and upon waking up today, she seemed just to live for me.  I couldn't be that selfish nor would I put her through the trauma of yet another car ride.  I went online to search and Happy Endings was the first thing that came up.  I watched the testimonial, loved how informative the website was and called.  I left a message and Alicia called me back within 20 minutes and I was lucky enough that they could help us today.  Dr. Fixler and his assistant were very kind and knowledgeable and didn't rush us with the time we needed with our girl.  Don't get me wrong, it's still as painful as can be, but in the comfort of our home without the dreaded drive was worth every penny and then some.  (They're even sending us a paw-print of Miss Bailey, which wasn't expected.)  Thank you Happy Endings, what an amazing service you provide.
This office is so friendly and welcoming! They are great over the phone and in person. Dr. K really cares about peoples' pets and is available to talk many times over the phone. Otherwise, he calls back right away. He is very detailed and asks questions and has been very helpful with our cats' issues. I would definitely recommend this office to anybody!
After spending a great deal of time looking for a good vet. I finally thought to ask my holistic/rehab/sports medicine vet for a referral and thus found Dr. Kanarish and his great staff. I really appreciate the way he collaborates with me and educates me about the various options for treating and caring for my 2 young English Springer Spaniel rescue boys. He clearly loves his patients and gives them the best of his remarkable expertise and attention. I wish I'd found him sooner!
We found out about this wonderful place after we had adopted a kitten from "Home 'Fur' Good". When you adopt a pet from them, they offer you a free first visit and general exam at Phoenix Mountain Animal Hospital within the first 2 weeks after the adoption day. It was free, it was close, the kitten needed her last shot so we went. We have another cat whom we always take to Arcadia Animal Clinic to see Dr. Bracken and we've been quite happy with them but we quickly found out that Dr. Kanarish was just as wonderful and knowledgeable. We never felt rushed, he was very patient and attentive, very gentle with our little girl, and I have to say he seemed like a humble person - a precious and very rare quality nowadays. He never tried to sell us anything or perform any unnecessary tests or procedures. Initially we were thinking it would be a one time visit, since it was free and close, but now we're switching permanently and taking all our 4 cats to this place because we feel like we cat trust Dr. Kanarish.
Dr. Kanarish and his staff are wonderful. When we brought in my Mom's very sick siamese cat, Max.. Dr. Karnaish was extremely compassionate as he examined and provided my Mother with options. He took the time to not only care for the animal, but he also took the time to care about our feelings. The process that Dr. Karnaish used to put Max asleep was kind and loving. We appreciate it.
I would not recommend this place. Why? Because I want to be able to call them and  get the appointment the same day if I need to, I mean if one of my cats needs to. It did happen once that I had to take one of my boys urgently and they were able to take us in the same day without any additional cost, and just like always - we were not rushed and the attention and service was great. Now we are taking all of our kitties there and can't be happier with the services the clinic is providing, the wonderful staff and doctor Kanarish himself. Thank you so much!
This is a hard review to write. This is not a place pet owners look forward to visiting. During an emergency when your fluffy loved one isn't feeling too well and you're at a loss on what to do, this is the place you hope to find to fix your furry friend.    Last weekend we had an incident with our chihuahua, Oliver. He was extremely under the weather and we needed to get some emergency help. I located this 24-hour emergency and critical care center and rushed my little guy over there.     The staff met us at the door and took Ollie to the back to treat him, while I met with the intake specialist to discuss what was wrong with him and give them his information.    The staff was extremely kind and sympathetic. They kept us informed about Ollie's condition regularly and when they had us meet with the vet to discuss possible treatments and outcomes. They discussed everything clearly and concisely to help us understand without using too many complicated or confusing terms.     After all was said and done, our little Ollie is doing just fine now and we're so thankful for the TLC given to him and our family. it was a harrowing night, but I'm very appreciative for the wonderful staff at this emergency facility.
Please, if you love your pet, do NOT bring them here!  Our cat was hit by a car last night, and we rushed her over here since it was close to home.  The only thing they seemed concerned about was getting us to approve their $3,100.00+ 'estimate'.  I just wanted to know the extent of her injuries,  so I can make the decision whether or not to take her to my own vet in the morning.  Their 'low' estimate was over $1,800.00 so I refused to sign it, but authorized them to charge up to $900.00 on my credit card to get her on pain meds right away and look after her that evening until I can go to my regular vet.  And I assumed an x-ray was standard procedure in a case like this. (Other emergency vets charged me $600 which included x-rays)  Attached is their estimate for the surgery they would also perform (funny, how do they know what to do without an x-ray?)...so grand total could be over $6,000!!    You would think that with blood coming out of my cat's eyes and nose, they would at LEAST X-ray her to see if she had any internal injuries or skull fractures.  NOPE!   Dr. Cole was so uncaring and a bit condescending in his attitude...a very cold individual, in my opinion.  He said I refused diagnostics, which is BS...I WANTED them to x-ray her to make sure there were no life threatening injuries, but they seemed more concerned about getting their outrageous fees then helping my cat.  He then proceeded to tell me how much it costs to run a place like that to justify why they were gouging me.  I'm sure it's not cheap, but all I wanted was an x-ray included in the $900.00 agreed upon charge.  Sheesh.      I took her to my regular vet at Sahara Pines in the morning (they are AWESOME!) and told my doctor about my experience.  He was shocked that they didn't x-ray an animal that was hit by a car.  He said that is the first thing they do.  Plus, he is genuinely concerned about the animals, and it shows.    I really have a problem with VECC's lack of compassion.  I feel sorry for anyone who has the misfortune of ending up here.  They do not care about your pet's welfare, just $$$$!  And although the tech that worked there was kind, I feel Dr. Cole needs to go into another line of work that he actually has a passion for...I will never go there again!
They save my cat.
Good: office is neat and orderly   visually appealing   Dr. Wells is very knowledgeable and personable   most of the staff is very accommodating      Neutral: There's an ancient bag-of-bones cat that roams the office freely. I like him, but if your pet is adverse to cats, then beware.    Not so good: even if it doesn't appear to be busy, be prepared to be there for a few hours. I've been there several times and don't think I've ever been there for less than two hours, and that was just for a check-up.   One woman in particular always appears to have a million things to do, and she will sometimes be short with you. Other than that, the rest of the staff is very nice and attentive.   They will try to milk you for your money. I once spent $200 on tests for what turned out to be run-of-the-mill kennel cough. Today, they tried to convince me to spend $400 on tests.     Bottom line: if there's an emergency and your pet's life is on the line, Dr. Wells will take care of it. If you're not sure what's going on and your pet is not in any immediate danger, then maybe find a place that is cheaper.
Dr. Wells - Awesome, thoughtful and through.  Great for aging cats.  The female Dr. however leaves quite a bit to be desired in her level of care/attention and is ALWAYS in a huge rush.
If you love your animal STOP and take a minute to read this!    I scheduled an appointment to have my two kittens declawed at Tempe Veterinary Hospital. They seemed to be a legit place and very nice. I had no reason to think that they were bad in anyway. I brought my cats to them the day of the operation for the declawing and received a phone call about three hours after drop off to be informed that one of cats had died after the operation. The doctor was so incentive and acted like it was just another cat. There story of what happen is very suspicious and I will never know what happened to my poor cat. But the least I can do in her memory is warn others about this place. So if you are considering to bring your loved pet to this place please think about it twice! I wish every day that i did...
I want to actually give this place negative stars, but in order to post I had to choose a star value.  I made an appointment for a feline declaw and when scheduling was just told drop off time and to not give my pet food after 10pm.  I was never informed of the person who would be doing the procedure.  During drop off I was asked to sign paperwork and accept the procedure and add additional fluids etc... I was also asked to call around 3pm that day and check in on how the surgery went.      When I did call to check up I was stunned at how Shannon treated me on the phone.  The worst customer service I ever experienced.  She never asked me my name or my pets information and quickly said "he is fine you can pick him up tomorrow at 12pm".  I could not believe that was her answer when she never asked me my name or my pets name so how did she know how the surgery went??  When I told her that she had the same answer and told me she was in the surgery room with the animal and I could pick him up tomorrow.  Again, my cat is a she and there was no additional information given to me.  I could not believe they didn't say more.  I was expecting them to tell me when surgery ended or when she was scheduled to come out of anesthesia and get her medicine.  Nothing.      Saturday upon pick up I got to meet Shannon who was rude and unprofessional in person just like she was on the phone.  I asked to speak with a manager and they were not there.  I asked for them to call me when they got to work and still have not received a call.  I also asked to speak with the vet on staff that day and was told they could not talk to me.  Shannon explained rudely that most customers do not want more information given to them over the phone when they call for check up.  I cannot believe that and I would expect that for the customers that do want more information they should get it.  I get more information when I call my mechanic and check up on my car than I did from this place who is caring for a living, breathing pet.      I was so upset I asked for complete medical records of my pets stay and they could not provide me with that information.  They told me they do not keep normal anesthesia records.  Therefore, God forbid, a pet passes away at the facility they cannot prove or provide records to ensure they did everything they needed to to ensure the safety of the animal.      Upon seeing my cat she was covered in urine and they returned her to me that way and did not even offer to clean her up.  I also arrived with a sheet inside her travel case and one over top that was also not returned to me.  When I asked for it they said it was in the wash and they provided me with a blanket to cover her with.    I will never ever go back to this location and I will make sure to tell everyone I know that has an animal not to use this veterinary hospital.  I wish I did not take my pet because I can only imagine how they treated my cat if I got such horrible service.
I'm so glad I took my kitten to this place!  I received amazing customer service and they took such great care of my cat.  Dr. Well's bedside manor is great and so easy to talk to.  He seems genuinely nice and so is all of the staff.  They were very helpful and willing to get me in the day that I called.  I'm always coming back to this place
I took my little Felix (cat) to Surprise Animal Hospital for diarrhea.  He had gotten into a plant that was potentially toxic and the whole staff treated us with kindness and professionalism!  Dr. M. Johnson was very sweet with him and knowledgeable.  We were sent home with meds to be taken orally and they have already worked (it's only been 2 days).  I didn't feel like they were trying to sell me anything or trying to make money off me.  I've had really high vet bills before and this one wasn't one of them!  Thank you Surprise Animal Hospital for everything!
I am amazed at the concern this animal hospital shows towards all clients, and my beloved pet, Sophie.    At times I know they especially, Dr. Michele Johnson spends a great deal of time with us, and that she is totally dedicated to her profession.  I am acutely  aware of the high level of care that is given to us.  Dr. Michele Johnson is highly skilled and knowledgeable.  She always gives me the options.  As a responsible pet owner it is up to me to make the final decisions and pay for all the necessary treatments.  I feel their services are extremely competitive and worth every penny.   I highly recommend this hospital as the vets there have compassion, dedication and knowledge second to none.
I had to have my 17 yr old cat, COWBOY put to sleep last Monday. The staff was so kind and professional. I appreciate them very much. They took my anxiety away and made me feel like they really cared about me and my cowboy. Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Overall, I really like this place. The Vets are all great (the 3-4 we've seen over the past few years anyway), and the rest of the staff is friendly, too. It's nice that they call to check in on your pet if you've brought them in sick. I can usually get in fairly quickly, and I like that they have weekend hours available, too!   This vet office is definitely not the cheapest. We go here because it's close to our house, but it can run on the pricey side. Just the visit alone will cost $50, plus any vaccines, meds, etc. Our vet when we lived in another state was $38 for the visit, and prices for meds, vaccines, etc., tended to run a bit cheaper, too-- and this was a very nice office in a nice area.   They do have financing options available, and don't charge interest, but I would encourage anyone needing more than routine care or simple meds for their pet to shop around a bit. They recommended dental work for one of my cats, and it was phenomenally expensive. I called my mother, who has taken two cats to our old vet's office for dental, and the price they quoted me for my cat was MORE than she paid for two cats... I do understand there is probably a lot of overhead costs, and I don't think SAH is trying to rob anyone blind, but just know that if you look around, you might save some money.
New to the area, it is always stressful finding a doctor, dentist, vet, etc. Luckily I was recommended to a great vet right away! Amy was our technician and she was so friendly, not only with us but was so calm and soothing with our cat as well. Dr. Bashaw was also so knowledgeable and went above and beyond during a routine check up.   The building itself is beautiful and done to the nines for guests waiting for their appointment. An area with coffee, tea, water, juice, and just about any other drink you could want is available while waiting. Overall we were so impressed with the facility, staff, and professionalism of the El Dorado Animal Hospital. Plus, our cat wasnt even nervous and loved the staff so that says something right there.  HIGHLY recommended.
I wasn't so happy with my former vet so I transferred across Parkview to El Dorado.  Instantly I was impressed with how caring and attentive the front desk staff was to the fear problem I was having with my 9-year old cat.  Once I met Dr Bashaw I was instantly impressed with how compassionate she was, how knowledgeable she was with my issue and how she assured me of a solution.  My fearful cat was quite at ease in the exam room.  I am confident we can work together to ease my cat's fear of my roommate.  BTW, the facility is very nice and very comfortable for both humans and animals.
Took the love of my life (male cat, Sebastian) here the other day for wellness exam and routine shots.    Very friendly staff, clean clinic (looks like human one to me), and complimentary beverages to humans in Lobby and treats for your canine/feline. Awesome job!    The assistant and Vet did a very thorough exam of my boy and communicated what they were doing and why to his human. Love that.     Prices are pretty decent ($20-30) per vaccination.     Other cute note, they took many pics of Sebastian for their database. His cute little face now graces my invoices! Makes it easier to shell out $ seeing his adorable little mugshot. :)
Crossroads was  a blessing for me this weekend.  My pug, Jose' was very sick this past 2-3 weeks and after several trips to the vet and a stay at the Internal Medicine clinic, we discovered his liver had stopped functioning properly.  We tried one last set of medications but it didn't work so I made an appointment for one of the Crossroads vet to come to my home on Monday.  Friday night his suffering got worse so I called them to see if they could change the appointment to Saturday.  Dr. Garner and Leticia  came over on Saturday and they were absolutely wonderful.  I miss my little guy terribly but I can't thank them enough for helping me to end his suffering and being so flexible to be able to come over on a Saturday with such little notice.  Thank you!
I'm giving them 3 stars because the facility is very nice and the staff is exceptionally pleasant. The Doctor even calls you personally to follow up on your pet. The prices, however, are astronomical! The do veterinary services and also grooming. It is $45 just to see the Vet. It was $500 to get his teeth cleaned, and they wanted another $650 on top of that to extract a few. Have you ever seen cat teeth? They are smaller than a grain of Basmati rice! Over $1100 to pull teeny tiny teeth!? I have a long haired cat and I needed him shaved and his nails clipped. It was $17 for the nail clipping and $98 for the lion style hair cut. Since he was also having his teeth cleaned, he was sedated when they shaved him. I got him back and his haircut was uneven, they didn't trim the fur down in the front so he just looked scraggly almost like a reverse mullet, and they didn't even wash him. His feet were dirty and his back was dandruffy. I could have done a better job myself and saved $100. I would only recommend going if you are in a bind and need emergency or last minute care.
I went to see these guys a few months ago.  Being new to the area, I brought my cat in for a visit to establish a new vet for her. I opted to let her have immunizations even though she is completely an older indoor cat. It turned out to be a mistake because she had a reaction to the vaccination.  Being a nurse myself, they seemed careless when drawing up the medications on such a small animal. That,coupled with the fact that my kitty had a reaction to a vaccine that she never had a reaction to in the past, leads me to believe she received too much of the vaccination. Yes, she could have developed a sensitivity over the years, but it's more likely that she just got too much.  Then they charged me for treating the reaction that, I believe, they brought on. When patients are injured by something that happens because of a hospital mistake, the hospital usually pays for that. I will say that they did treat the reaction and my kitty is ok now, so maybe it is just me. Still, I think I'm going to go somewhere else. Besides the constant baby talk of the vet tech got on my nerves.
I don't have pets and I have not used a vet in over 15 years so I did not know what to expect when I recently took in a stray cat. I did a lot of calling around and not only did I find Norterra's pricing to be fair, but they were one of the only places that would give me pricing information over the phone that I felt confident about (other places told me there could be additional charges based on the initial exam). They were able to get me in with very short notice, they kept me informed and they were very nice to the cat. I took the cat back after a week for a follow-up and again, it was a pleasant experience for both me and the cat. I informed them that I'd like to find a home for her since she is such a good natured cat and they told me that I could post up a picture of her on their facebook page to help find her a home. I would recommend them and return here if i find myself in this position again. Thanks Norterra!
I'm adding an extra star for the follow up comment from the owner. Please understand that the quality of care I received from the doctors was more than satisfactory.  And I would like to reiterate that the staff is warm and friendly. And yes, they did go over the expenses with me prior to the visit and called to ask how I would like to proceed when my cat needed more work than expected, however, I still feel that the cost was a bit excessive. Let's face it, to many of us, our pets are a part of the family and to not be able to afford them care that they need can be upsetting. They do offer a payment plan so that is a possible option as well. My review is 3 fold. The doctor's care and follow up is excellent, the grooming meh not so much, and the pricing could maybe be reevaluated. Hopefully, as their business and clientele grow some of the kinks will work themselves out. I wish Norterra Animal Hospital nothing but good luck!
I'm so grateful for Norterra Animal Hospital and for Dr. Amanda Simonson.  Dr. Simonson's compassion and expertise were the key to our cat having an excellent outcome and prognosis.  The overwhelmingly positive reviews here on Yelp are well deserved and I would absolutely recommend Norterra and Dr. Simonson to every pet owner out there.    Christmas Eve, my wife and I woke up to our cat, Chip, having severe leg pain and limping.  We went to a vet who we had used in the past (moving forward, we're just going to go see Dr. Simonson!) where an exam and xrays were performed.  We were advised that Chip needed a surgery on his hip.  It was Christmas Eve and we couldn't find a surgeon to do the surgery, so we were sent home with pain meds and instructions to find a surgeon.    We felt hopeless on Christmas, seeing our poor Chip in pain.  The day after Christmas, we started searching online for anybody that could perform the surgery.   We came across Norterra's website and looked to Yelp for reviews.  Based on the positive reviews, we called Norterra and explained the situation.  The tech who answered the phone was professional and compassionate and scheduled us to see Dr. Simonson that afternoon.    Upon arriving at the clinic, I was more than impressed.  The facility is beautiful, well-maintained, and modern.  I brought the records that we had, our hard-copy X-rays, and had pre-printed the new patient paperwork from Norterra's website.  We were led straight into a room.  In no time at all, we had a technician assist us and within minutes after that, Dr. Simonson was in the room with us.  I very much appreciated the prompt attention that we received at Norterra.    Dr. Simonson invested a great deal of time with us, she did not have the stereotypical rushed attitude that we've all come to expect from medical providers.  She examined Chip and the xrays and determined that the previous xrays were of very poor quality.  We explained that in addition to the leg pain, Chip was also having a small amount of weight loss over the last month.  Knowing that money was going to be tight with impending surgery, she graciously offered to re-take thorough xrays at no charge.    These thorough xrays likely saved Chip's life - and at the very least, saved him pain, suffering, and saved me a costly emergency surgery had the situation worsened.   In the new xrays, it became very apparent that Chip was also battling a foreign body in his tummy (He swallowed a penny.)   It also became more clear that leg surgery may not be the best option for Chip.    The penny needed to come out but Norterra wasn't available for surgery for a few days due to the holiday week/schedule.  Dr. Simonson said that she would call all of the associates that she knew to find out what could be done for poor Chip.  We re-upped on pain medication for Chip and were sent home with instructions that Dr. Simonson would call us the next morning (it was at least 6pm at this point)    Amazingly, I received a call from Dr. Simonson at 8am the next morning.  It became clear that she had either stayed late or woken up very early to start calling other Veterinarians for Chip.  This kind of compassion and concern for Chip will forever be remembered - especially when Chip was being referred somewhere else! (Read:  the money for surgery would be going to another clinic, not in Dr. Simonson's pocket)    Chip received surgery on Friday afternoon and I'm happy to report that he's doing extremely well.    Coincidentally, as I type this review on a SUNDAY morning, Dr. Simonson just called to check in on Chip and his surgery to remove the coin.  Dr. Simonson is a top notch provider in every aspect and I truly can't thank her and the staff at Norterra enough.
Our Kitty Samantha who we had for 16 years needed a vet, old age had gotten the better of her. We had taken her to see Dr. Horvath twice, she was great and attentive to us and our cat. We finally had to make a sad decision to put Samantha to sleep. Dr. Horvath  and her staff made this hard day a little easier on us and Samantha. They really cared and sent us nice emails and condolence cards. I would highly recommend Norterra animal hospital. Thank you for everything.
This review is long overdue...    My ex boyfriend owned 2 ferrets and we had difficulties finding a vet that had the knowledge and experience with ferrets and in searching the great WWW have read sooo many horror stories. through out my research of ferret vets I continually read reviews of this amazing vet Dr. Molina however the contact info was outdated on most of them and the places I contacted did not (or weren't willing) to give me her current location.  time went on and I don't remember how I managed to get her contact info but I did and something just told me this vet is the one for our ferrets. We made an appt with her and she and her "crew" were nothing shy of my high expectations of her from all the great things I had read.    She is mobile its such a relief to have her come to you. Reminds me of old skool house calls. She shows up and is very professional and at the same time very laid back in the way that she is comfortable to talk to and I wasn't concerned that the dishes weren't done when they were there She has an intern or two along with her. They took their vitals weight etc. Dr. Molina has an obvious love for animals. It showed immediately in the way she and her employees interacted and handled our ferrets. She was very thorough and wasn't trying to run up our bill and worked with us to find a plan to afford what our ferrets needed via schedule. Had awesome suggestions of natural flower essences that worked! she knows her stuff.    oh another thing that sticks in my memory is when our little girl ferret Xyla had passed we called in a panic because we could not tell if she had really passed and she took my call while she was on vacation out of the country. Maybe it was luck that she was available.. but she gave us advice to try and revive Xyla.  ferrets get blood sugar issues sometimes as they age and had us put syrup on her gums. Xyla had indeed passed already but it was so amazing her sense of urgency in our distress.     Since then our other ferret Zeiq has passed. So we haven't seen her in awhile. We tell all our friends about Desert Bloom. Any of them who have used her services were beyond satisfied. Luckily my cat hasn't needed any vet care but when he does its Desert Bloom and Dr Molina we will be calling.    Thanks Desert Bloom!
I have two cats and five Ferrets, and Dr. Molina and her team have been amazing with them. I had six Ferrets, but one had cancer, and Dr. Molina researched everything she could and with her knowledge with Ferrets (which is amazing) she helped me keep my precious Pocket with us for much longer than we hoped for, and she was a happy girl to the end. This Team of wonderful caring and very knowledgeable women make my life with my little farm a happy one.
Dr. Gilchrist came to my house yesterday to check on my 2 cats.  Dr. Gilchrist and his associate were so warm and welcoming.  My cats were so comfortable with them!    After going to Scardy Cat Hospital in Scottsdale since I moved here, I decided to try another doctor.  They wanted to pull between 6-10 teeth on my cats each!  That was going to be thousands of dollars and I thought it was really extreme because 2 years ago I took them and the doctor who started the clinic said they were fine.  The new doctor who has since taken over was the aggresive one.  Dr. Gilchrist said he didn't even see tarter on one of mine (8 and 7yrs respectively) and the other was just a little.  Nothing to worry about.    Wow!  What a difference!  My cats usually are stressed and lose a ton of hair after a vet visit and they were just fine when he left.    I would recommend them in a heartbeat!
Vet to you is totally awesome!  Dr. Gilchrist and Alex have a great demeanor with pets and are so knowledgable.  We had an emergency situation with my cat and Dr. Gilchrist came over and was able to catheter my cat and remove an obstruction that could have been fatal if not attended to - all on the bedroom floor!  We've had the same procedure done at the ER clinic and that cost me several thousand dollars, as well as an incredible amount of trauma for my cat (and us).  Our visit with Vet To YOu yesterday only cost us a few hundred and Kobe is in great shape!  MUCH better than the last time we had to bring him to the ER.     I cant' even tell you how reassuring it is to have someone come to our house and take care of our pets needs - and not try to upsell me on stupid tests and other random things!  I would highly recommend Dr. Gilchrist and Vet to you!!
I also highly recommend Vet to You.  Dr. Gilchrist and Alex are great.  I have an almost 14 year old cat who I can't take out to the vet anymore.  The last couple times upset him so much that he did not eat for days and I had to give him appetite stimulants and I didn't want to keep putting him through that.    What I really like besides their professionalism, good listening and thorough advice, Dr. Gilchrist will not do any unnecessary tests as many docs do to add up your bill.  Both he and Alex are caring and are really good with following up and checking on their patient.
Since I move around the country for work, I'm constantly having to find new vets for my two older cats.  I was thrilled to find Small Animal Housecalls.  They came to my house and spent nearly an hour with my cats!  The price was extremely reasonable, and the doctor had with him the medication my cat needed - no need to wait.  Best of all, my cats did not have to go through the stress of a vet visit.  I highly recommend Small Animal Housecalls.
I love this office and everyone that works there. Dr Inna saved my cat's life and for that I can never fully repay her. The staff ALWAYS remembers my cat and his name! My husband has to go in every few months for the cats food and he tells me that it's standard for them to ask how the cat is, I love it! It was funny a few months back when stopping in for his food one of the office girls remember that the cat was getting a little heavy and recommended new food. The attention to detail is outstanding. Keep up the great work guys!!
A couple of months ago we found a cat on our back porch who unfortunately must have had an accident with his tail. It was barely staying on. I researched and saw some articles about Sun Valley Hope having a low cost vet. Two days later we finally caught him and brought him in. They were extremely helpful and affordable. We were able to save the cat and he found a home with us :) He's still doing fantastic to this day.
This place is an absolute godsend.  We had been in Arizona for a short time and our oldest cat had gotten sick. We took him to an emergency vet clinic and they charged over 2000 dollars for an upper respiratory infection.  We didn't have that kind of money and they refused to give us the medicine to save him. When our youngest cat was dying,  we were terrified that we wouldn't be able to save him. We found this vet and they saved his life. They were so affordable and it allows people that don't have much money but love their pets like they're a family member take care of their every need. I will be forever and eternally grateful for them. They are truly angels.  Thank you from the bottom of our hearts.
I adopted one of my two cats from HALO Animal Rescue. He came microchipped, vaccinated and neutered. Granted, I did pay a little more than I would have from the Humane Society, but HALO is a no-kill shelter and they help quite a few troubled animals in our area. Their website is easy to navigate and peppered with adorable animal pictures. I'm definitely in danger of becoming a crazy cat lady as long as HALO is around.
We support HALO! We have the 2 best cats, Marie and Penlope. Adopted through here...      Thank you HALO, keep up the good work!
Love Halo and all that they do.  We adopted our cat from them.  If you are looking for a new pet please consider visiting them and of course check out their animals at PetSmart stores.
Great that all the cats are chip and updated on shots. But I got a cat who just did not like me. Went to take him back not expecting to get my $75 back they said to take him back it will cost me $45. I know they need money but that crazy. I surrendered him at Arizona Humane society. Which in turn  gave him right back to Halo. No cost to me
This is an amazing service for Vets to come in to your home to offer euthanasia services without even knowing your animal prior.  I was so fortunate to find them as my dear cat Buddy's cancer spread so fast that I had just one day to figure out a terribly difficult situation.  I just hated the thought of putting him in the car to take him to be euthanized, with his last memories of life being in terror.  I was so grateful to find this service to come in to the comfort of my home and offer this service.  The Vet and assistant were kind and professional and unrushed.  They made sure I had plenty of time to say my final painful goodbyes.  They were kind and compassionate to me start to finish.  Dr. Veena contacted me almost immediately after writing an inquiry.  She arranged the appointment for the following day around my schedule after a thorough and very kind telephone consult.  In addition to sedating my precious cat and allowing him to relax with me quietly before the final medication was given, they provided a clay paw print of him as part of the package.  I paid in advance and they took credit cards easily.  I don't mind going to pick up the ashes when they are ready.  I expected that.  I found the fee entirely reasonable and far less than what I would have expected for this concierge type service.  I feel much more at peace having used this service although I did lose my precious cat of 15 years.  If that had to happen, which was inevitable, this service made it so much easier for me.  I will recommend Angel Vet to anyone I know needing euthanasia for their dear pet.  Thank you.
Excellent service, extremely caring! I have seven cats and they all love her! Dr Gina came the same day, on two different calls. I highly recommend her!!
We have had a lot of vet visits in the past year or so with our 4 furry family members and most recently our cat Bear has had some allergy issues & we switched his food but he started having some stomach issues. I took him to Dr. Oetke and she addressed our concerns with his stomach problems & prescribed some medication but also some food sprinkles that help with digestion.     I also had some concerns with some build up in Bear's ears. What I loved about Dr. Oetke was that she didn't just chalk it up to allergy issues but did a full culture and found out he did have a severe ear infection even though we really came in for stomach issues. She prescribed some medicine for his ear infection and some cleaning solution and showed me herself how to clean his ears properly. She definitely went above & beyond in my eyes.
Fantastic vet.  Very caring staff and doctors.  Nice location.  Clean.  Highly recommend.
Dr. Connie Anderson is awesome, always takes the time to really get to the root of the problem and is very hands-on with the animals we've taken to see her.  My new kitten Frisco had a very troubling eye infection that wasn't getting better and she sent him home with several treatment modalities and he's doing GREAT.  The eye cleared up within a couple of days and he's back to his spunky self.  My big cat Cowboy Jack is a regular patient due to his chronic urinary issues and he's always treated so well by everyone at the Practice.  I have to buy him special food and Animal House is very good about keeping it in stock so I can just call them and have a bag available in a day or two.  Love this place, give them a try and you'll be glad you did.
While on vacation the Dr. Updated me about the dental cleaning . Never expected that. We will not be going anywhere else . I strongly recommend Dr. Roach he and his staff are great 5times over.
