I've been taking my adorable old english sheepdog here since I got him as a puppy over 6 yrs ago. The staff has always been great about getting me in for appointments even with short notice. The new clinic is very nice, always clean, and set up well. They willingly give you all the treatment options available and corresponding pricings, which always seem reasonable. My guy has had some issues over the years (hematoma on his ear that needed to be surgically drained) and the staff treated him super well and helped him recover quickly. I no longer live in McFarland, but I still drive out there to keep going to this clinic.
I absolutely love the staff at AllPets. They do an extraordinary job of taking care of my dog. I am impressed by their knowledge as well as their patience and clarity in explaining care options.
They provide good service, but are probably one of the most expensive vets on the east side. $110 for an exam/consult and "lab" work for a healthy dog. That didnt include any flea/tick preventive. They are very quick to offer the most expensive services first, then discuss more cost effective alternatives after you say no. Dr. Brittany is very nice and good with my dog.
I had a horrible experience at another vet office and decided, on the recommendation of a work colleague, to go to Truesdell instead. I'm thrilled to have found a place so close to home that we LOVE and am so thankful that my dog has Dr. Meier as his vet. We've seen both other Drs when she was gone and they are both excellent as well.  I know it's more expensive than some others but I like the fact that it is a full hospital so that if something major happened my dog would not have to go anywhere else. They also did his neutering and are always very patient with my questions as I am a first time dog owner and still have lots to learn. All the staff seems very competent and the techs are very good at their jobs as well. Thanks Truesdell! We love you!
We've been taking our dog to Dr. Miller at Monona Vet Clinic since we first got him 7 years ago. We've always had positive experiences. Everyone is professional, knowledgeable, and caring.
I've been taking my dogs to East Maryland Animal Hospital for 14 years, and I can't imagine going anywhere else.  Over the years my dogs have seen all of the doctors and each of them provided great medical care and advice.      After every medical appointment, I received a follow-up call the next day asking how my dog was doing and if I had any questions.   I wish people doctors were so attention!      The staff is friendly and personable and always treated my dogs with love and kindness.      All of my dogs have recently passed away after living long and healthy lives thanks, in part, to the great care they received at EMAH.   When we get another dog, we'll definitely be back!
I drive past this place every morning. I live almost right across the street. I have a regular vet but he is much further away.    Last year I adopted an elderly dog from a rescue society. Her name is Isabelle. Who ever had her before took terrible care of her teeth. She needed a dental specialist and very costly surgery. The rescue organization paid for her to receive the costly treatment and she has been a wonderful pet and companion to our three year old. We brush her remaining teeth every day. But she is old.    I called our regular vet to get her teeth checked as it is National pet dental health month and usually they are greater savings during this month. (my husband's job and the housing market has caused me to be hard pressed to spend too much money on vet bills). The price they wanted was almost a house payment and the poor dog only has seven teeth left!    I decided to try East Maryland. They were wonderful to poor sweet Isabelle. She got a free exam to let us know what it may cost. They checked out her heart, gave her a blood test, extracted four more teeth and shined up the lonely remaining three teeth. It was half the cost of the other vet. Not that the cost was the main factor, but it was a huge help. Dr. Schroeder is very skilled and compassionate. Isabelle's breed is difficult to operate on and given her age and tiny size, it was extra risky. They took every precaution to make sure she was stable. They were so good to our old girl. The techs treated her with kit gloves. They even trimmed her toenails while she was asleep. The next morning they called to see how she was doing.    She has recovered beautifully. It is less that a week and she tried to steel a chew stick from our younger dog. She is bright eyed and bushy tailed and we have a new veterinarian that we love!    Any one who lives in Central Phoenix who needs great care for their pet should trust their animals to this clinic, they rock!
Got me in quickly when my puppy was not feeling well... I was afraid I would have to take him to the emergency Vet (which is extremely expensive), but East Maryland Animal Hospital got me in ASAP and was very attentive to my little one. They are a little on the expensive side- but it beat the Emergency Vet fees
This is the dog's doctor and we're also taking puppy training classes here every Wednesday. The trainer is great and Pip seems pretty happy there.
My dog loves coming here, and I've never had less than a completely pleasant experience with the staff and the services.    The reception area is clean and they are quick to get you signed in. There's a Keurig machine for use while you wait, which is never long.    You and your pet are brought into an exam room where they go over the reason for the visit, a few questions about your pet's diet and any changes in behavior, and what charges to expect. They do take your pet to another room for some tests and services. During my first visit showed me this room so I didn't sit there imagining they carted my dog off to a hidden pet dungeon. When they return they go over what they did, what your charges are (again!) and any follow up information you need to know.    They are timely with test results and stay on top of when your pet is due for vaccinations. I got my money's worth with a PAW plan, and loved the training class I took there with my pup (as did she!).     They might be a little heavy-handed with the treats, but hey, a dog that is excited for her appointments is worth it!
Couldn't ask for better staff they are so friendly and courteous. They have treated all our pets, and unfortunately have put down couple. During those must saddest times they are so compassionate and help you through this most difficult time.       To have a caring compassionate place to care for you pet they are the best. We have a new dog we adopted from the Humane Society and they where so happy for us. It's nice to know that they are concern, do follow up calls, send Birthday e-cards to pet, over all great experience.
Such a great. We unfortunately had to put our beloved dog down and weren't sure where to go.  We are very blessed we found this place.  They were sweet,  comforting and accommodating throughout everything.  We even received a card that had hand written condolences after.  Good experience through a very hard time.
This vet treats you with personal service. They are reasonably priced. For example, another vet wanted over$800 for a dental cleaning for my Dane and they this vet was only about $200. We have been going for years. They have fit me in on an emergency before. Most of my friends with Danes go here too. My visit today for a checkup and rabies shot was $25. The staff is always very friendly and treat your dog like it was their own. The best thing about them too is that they will allow you in the back to be with your dog during a procedure if you desire. When my girl was having her hips x-rayed for breeding purposes, they asked me to come back and be with her while they put her under, they let   E watch everything and explained what was going to happen and then let me stay with her while she was coming out of anestesia. All around great vet.
This is such a great practice.  Dr. Ferrera has treated all of my animals with great kindness and respect.  We had a very, very sick dog that he was amazing with.  I highly recommend this practice.
I have been very happy with the care my dog has received at Squaw Peak, they take good care of my pug. The staff is very kind, I can always get a last minute appointment, and I never have to wait. They treat my dog as if he is their own, as others have said.    A puppy was found at work, and when I brought him in to Squaw Peak, he was diagnosed with distemper, and the best course of action was to put him down. When I asked about the cost, the vet was kind enough to take care of it at no cost.     They have also been willing to bill me for needed vet care and allow me to make payments when I was having financial difficulties, however, I was not pleased about receiving a collections notice from the office after making a payment that covered the majority of the amount owed. The person in charge of billing told me I could make another payment for the remaining amount ($70) this month, and I just needed to call in and make arrangements. Given my positive experiences, I can only assume this was an oversight.
I would not recommend taking your pet to this hospital. My dog went in for ACL repair and died. Dr. Ferrera called after the surgery to tell me my dog was fine and everything was great. I could pick her up in a few hours.  An hour and a half later he called back to say my dog had stopped breathing and he brought her back but she now had brain damage and would never be the same if in fact she pulled through.  After seeing my dog it was clear I would have to put her down. I was told they would call me when they had her ashes back in about a week.  Two weeks later and with no call I went in only to be treated with absolutely no compassion what so ever. The girl at the front desk acted like see had never seen me before even though I have been going there for 12 years. She then went to the back and brought out a little black container which she plopped on the counter and said, "here you go have a nice day."  I will never step foot in that place again.
All I know is that my Baby girl is better off now with her knee surgery. They truly have saved her from never walking right again. I'm sorry that happened to your animal, but as for my experience $1895 is a lot to pay upfront for a dogs knee and sure enough they let me do payments thank you
My dog just had surgery with Dr. Ferrera - neutering, soft palate repair and cyst removal. I had heard they were great with bulldogs and after calling around to many other vets, they were the only ones I could find who performed the palate repair with a laser, which is highly recommended to have it done with.     When I dropped my dog off for surgery, Dr. Ferrera met with me to discuss everything. He let me know that after they put him under they would look at the palate but he didn't like to perform the surgery unless it was absolutely necessary. He said he would do the neutering and remove a cyst on my dog's hip as well and then assess the palate.     A little over an hour later, he called me to let me know that the surgery was all done and my dog definitely needed the palate repair, so they went ahead and did everything and it all went great. I was so relieved it was so quick and everything went well.     I would highly recommend anyone with a bulldog to take them here and see Dr. Ferrera for soft palate repair!
I'm from out of town.  I had just boarded my dog and 5 days later she started with Kennel Cough.  The got me pin right when they opened and were so helpful.  Would love to take Dr. Agnew home to be my vet in San Diego.
My mother has been going to this vert office since she can remember. When my fiance and I decided to adopt a puppy, we asked for her help on where was best to go. It is now 2 yrs past and we now have 2 dogs and 1 kitty. All of our pets go to Squaw Peak and they all LOVE Dr. Clinton!! I was so surprised there was no reviews about her so I just had to add this on!! Any time we go to the vet, our babies know where they are and get very anxious and nervous. When I tell them, "it is ok, we are just going to see Dr. Clinton, then we go home", I can tell they calm down. Even more so once Dr. Clinton comes in. My maltese always gives her "kisses" and feels safe and comfortable in Dr. Clinton's hands! My animals are not pets, they are family!! I would not trust any other vet besides Dr. Clinton! She is real and sweet and it is obvious she genuinely cares and loves all the animals she sees!! She is the best!
Dr Clinton is the best! We have gone to this vet for many years and so has our parents! Any time my little Maltese Penny is not feeling well, I ask her if she wants to go see Dr. Clinton and her eyes light up and she gets so excited! Dr. Clinton and the staff here have been so wonderful and caring! Penny is my first dog and so any little bump she had, I was taking her in! They were all so kind and caring and did a great job with all of our babies! We have 2 doggies and a kitty! Dr. Clinton has spayed our Penny, neutered our Max. She has cleaned both of their teeth too! Dr. Slavard amputated my sister's dog's tail due to a softball size cancer, and he gave her another year of life! They are wonderful here, like family!
Dr Halver here at Animal Care Hospital is most highly recommended.   He is knowledgeable, compassionate, and reliable.   After moving to Phoenix several years ago, I had been to several vets searching for the right fit, and I've stopped looking any further.   The facility at Animal Care Hospital is clean, their staff is friendly and professional, and the overall experience is very positive.  My dog was recently ill and Dr Halver made an excellent referral to a neurologist as well.  Unfortunately, the outcome was not good, but Dr Halver called after my dog's early call to heaven to follow up and express his sympathy.
I flagged the "doctors" reply.  It is filled with lies, as it would be.  I have nothing to gain by making false statements.  He has $$$$$  to lose if people heed my warning and avoid his practice.  I have proof from THREE other vets that his diagnosis was WRONG.  If my dog had blood in her eye, it would be there the next day, too.  I took her to a chiropractic  vet in AZ the next day.  After adjusting her, he looked in her eye with an instrument.  NO BLOOD.    Plus, Bishop  did not bother to look at my dog, or check her over in any way.  NOTHING.  NADA.   He just announced very DIRE supposed concerns that required IMMEDIATE and EXPENSIVE procedures in HIS OFFICE, without any initial exam, or even listening to me about her history. All of this based on the fact that she was coughing.  He completely ignored my every word.  It is true she was knocked by a bigger (not huge, about 10 lb.) dog.  Yet he ignored that, until his rebuttal now.  He did not look at her little back or legs, etc., to see if they were sore or bruised,.  After I took her to the chiropractor in AZ (who sadly isn't on Yelp, as he is expensive but SUPERB and worth every penny) she was much better.  I also was concerned about the Flovent she was on and the Dr. in CA (who also checked her eye WITH AN INSTRUMENT unlike Bishop) said she was having a reaction to it.  In Fact, Bishop said he knows NOTHING about Flovent and then ignored my concern about it.  So it's odd he brings it up now.  He just kept yelling how she's obviously in heart failure.    It nauseates me that some vets do this to loving pet parents, esp. when their baby is getting older and they get more concerned.  But as I said, as a rescuer, I'm a pro at this by now, and know when I'm being given a grotesque sales pitch.   I give good reviews when they're warranted.  I have NO reason not to. BTW, I'd been to the office of the "specialist" he was going to refer me to (read my review on the Vet. Specialists in Gilbert).  NO THANKS.  And the other "specialist"  was at another office I'd been to.  They wanted to put my dog UNDER (yes, anesthesia) to take a STICKER out of her leg.  What?  "Well, because poking with a needle, to pop it out hurts".  Oh, so when you give a shot to a dog, you put them under for that, too?  Obviously birds of a feather stick together.
I love my dog, and as such I'd like it if he didn't die soon.  Unfortunately for him the things that will keep him healthy are usually the things that terrify the bejeezus out of him.  I need a vet with a deft hand and a kindly bed (or table?) side manner.  I found this at Animal Care Hospital.    Both the vet and the tech were very professional and friendly.  The vaccinations went fast, with nary a flinch from my poor little pup.  All in all it was a good experience.
Dexter woke me up on Sunday at 5:30 am. Now, that may not seem like a big deal, but this dog LOVES bedtime and gets extremely lazy once he snuggles under the covers. I knew something was up. Diarrhea. Ugh. Puking. Ugh. I waited 2 days, then decided it was time to take him in to be checked out.  The staff was pleasant on the phone and made sure to let me know I'd have to arrive 15 minutes early to fill out paperwork. They checked me in right away and I got to work. The room opened up quickly, so I finished my paperwork in there. Twice an assistant came in to check on Dexter and ask some basic questions.  The vet, Dr. Bishop, was very personable. He set my mind at ease right away. As he finished he said "He's a very good dog." Aw!! I know this, and my friends know this, but I like everyone knowing what a great dog he is.  He got a shot, some meds to bring home, and cans of food for the next few days. The entire office visit was just over $100. After some of the other places I've been, this was a welcome relief.  It looks like the ghetto from outside, but don't be alarmed. Everyone there was great. I'm already taking him back next week for his yearly shots.
I live in the central phoenix area and this was the best reviewed office around so i decided to give them a shot. My 5mo old puppy had a bit of nasal discharge this morning and after reading up about it online, i decided to seek a professional opinion. This clinic opens at 7am, I called around 7:15 am and got through to their messaging service. The friendly operator said someone will get back with me shortly. An our and a half later, still no call so I brought my puppy in. The front desk and staff were very friendly and let me use a room to wait in due to the condition of my pup. The vet came to see me after 45 minutes of waiting and was surprisingly uninformational, took the pups temperature took a look at him and said "well it could be anything really".  I honestly got more information from reading webmd than from going to see Dr. Halver. He prescribed my pup $66 antibiotics and $45 nasal drops on top of a $57 exam fee. I would say comparatively this place is very expensive and I did not feel important to the doctor there. Will not be visiting this clinic again.
Fancy brand new place. Very friendly staff, the Dr. even said "what a cute dog" and gave him a kiss.  That was wierd/nice?     The Dr called me a few days later to check on my boy, which is nice. I think she has a thing for my doggie and is looking for a second date.
Just got back from Ingleside Animal Hospital and I have to agree with some of the previous reviewers. The building is just lovely. I love how big and spacious it is. Some vet offices are so cramped and just not enough room to avoid other dogs.     My beautiful girl dog happens to not like too many other dogs so I usually HATE taking her alone to vets because it's such a hassle to care for her, fill out paperwork and try to keep other pets away from her. Definitely NOT the case here. She did so well with three other dogs in the room.     The staff was very nice and helpful. Dr. Bart listened to me and I really enjoyed the whole visit. So did Dee minus her getting her temperature taken. Haha. I did feel pressured to get unnecessary test or meds.    One of my other favorite parts was when it came to pay the bill. It was ACTUALLY fairly priced!!! What? Isn't that just crazy? A place that actually cares for the animals and doesn't overprice every little thing like 'oh your dog went the bathroom outside here's a $300 bill'. Nope, there was none of that. When the nice lady at the front told me the price I was taken back and in shock. A vet visit, exams and meds for less then $130!!! That's awesome!!!
I took my new puppy to Ingleside and they got her set up on the puppy package. It was a resonable price for all three rounds of her shots and a full year's supply of heartworm meds. Everyone there is very informative and friendly. My puppy was soaking up the attention and compliments from everyone!   I've had a bazillion questions every time I've gone in, as this is the first puppy I've owned myself. The vet and vet assistants all helped me during this new learning experience.   I thoroughly enjoyed the new building, and so did the pup. It's state of the art, and inviting. I love all the beautiful photos on the walls with animal's info and if they were adopted, etc.
Dr Serbin always finds the time to squeeze my dog family in when there is an emergency. He ALWAYS follows up the next day; its nice to know he cares.  I love the follow ups because he'll listen to your concerns if you have any and recommend coming back if need be.  Ingleside Animal Hospital is very close to my family and has seen us on our worst of days; they are very understanding and will even offer up a hug if you need one.  They were very comforting to our last dog that we put down and even sent a card to my family in our hard time.  We have been going to Dr Serbin for the past 8-10 yrs (?) and I wouldn't have it any other way!!!
the vets here are fabulous as is every solitary, single person working there. we especially like dr. kristen levine. she's a relatively new vet, but her empathy, skills and intelligence are top notch. almost a year ago, one of our dogs became critically ill.  dr. levine fought to save her life from the kidney and liver failures and she did save her life. it was a long, hard fight for 2 1/2 months, but frankie survived those health issues.  every time i've called with a question or concern, they respond right away. you can always get in the same day for an appointment, as they have several great vets on staff. i cannot recommend them highly enough.
So far, I love these guys. I've only had to bring my dog here twice, but each time they were very caring and professional. The office is beautiful, clean, and has seemingly new/updated equipment. When my dog, Spartacus, was having an allergic reaction, they took him in immediately (on short notice), and got him the shots he needed to bring down his hives. The whole ordeal (visit cost + 3 different allergy shots) cost $110 and the antibiotics were only $22 (which they can fill in their in-office pharmacy). Overall, great value, caring doctors, great staff! They even called to check up on my dog a couple times after seeing him.
Ingleside Animal Hospital was able to accommodate my dogs for a same-day appointment, even though they had never been there before, out of concern for their health. We arrived about ten minutes early and were immediately escorted into the exam room. I was pleased with the hospital's service and cleanliness. For exams and antibiotics for both dogs, I walked out with a bill for the same amount I used to pay for one dog at my old vet.
Update: Found the time to take the dog to the vet myself (instead of sending others). The office was clean, new, and well lit. Everyone was really nice. I feel confident he is getting the highest quality of care and would not hesitate to recommend this clinic to others.      6/26/2012 :The receptionist---who answers the phones, books the appointments, and makes the reminder calls--was kind and a good listener. I found him efficient and polite. My sister reports that although our dog liked the vet, my sister found her condescending and brusque. My sister is refusing to go back there. However, since my dog liked the vet, I will just keep sending him there and have my husband take him.
After getting my first dog from the pound (Mr. Watson, the monocle-wearing schnauzer miz) I had a voucher for a free vet visit on the City as part of the deal. This place is right in the middle of my hood, so naturally we took the wee pup here for his first visit.     We called ahead of time to make an appointment and clarify that the voucher was good for one free visit and were given the all clear. So thermometers were inserted in very awkward places and our little pup was weighed, measured, and found to be totally awesome. End of vet visit we're presented with a bill for 40 some odd bucks.    After some pretty heavy complaining that, "WTF, mate? That's not what you said on the phone," they waived the initial visitation fee and let us go on our merry way. I've cross checked the prices here with other vets to get the little booger vaccinated and sure enough, they charged for the vet visit in addition to the vaccination fees.     Go to Blue Cross Animal Clinic down the street and they'll charge you the flat fee for the vaccine, no office visit or nothin'. Sure beats the crappy clinic at Petsmart too, where they charge the same straight fee for the vaccines and waive the vet visit.     I do like that I'm still on their mailing list though, and get my yearly check-up reminder for my little pupperoni.
My pet and I love the staff here. We've been going since before they moved. They are always good about explaining exactly what is going on and all the options for taking care of it. They are very concerned with how the pets are, they even called after her surgery a couple different times to check up on my dog! My pup loves them because she gets treats and affection from everyone she sees.     That being said, the new local has horrible parking. The a/c isn't as effective as it should be so it can get kind of uncomfortable if you have a long visit in the room facing the sun in the summer. And the last time I was in was the first time I ever felt like they were trying to sell me stuff I wasn't sure if I needed yet. I'm wondering if they are having some financial hardships? I will continue to go there because  we've been to other vets and this is the best my pup has been cared for. The good defiantly outweighs the bad!
After shopping around for the right Vet, we finally came across this office! Dr. Cruz truly cares for every pet that walks into his office! He spent 45 min with me and my pup, examining him from head to tail.  He explained and talked with me about what he sees and hears, and gave me his knowledgable input. (Trust me, it was helpful, especially since the last vet practically made feel like an idiot for even bringing my puppy)   So needless to say, I finally found a vet that truly cares and gives his all in treating and caring for all of his "patients" =)
DeeDee went in for her 100,000 mile checkup and shot's update today:)    She's 14  1/2 years old which (according to Dr. Bracken) equates to roughly 100 years old in human terms!    It's fairly rare for chowchows to live that long, although I have been extraordinarily fortunate to have both my chows live to a very ripe old age (Sam, my big chow made it to 16  1/2...I still miss him! :-)    I frankly credit most of that good fortune to Dr. Bracken and the wonderful people at Arcadia Animal Clinic...I have had many pets over the years and used many vet's in Portland and San Francisco...they were all good, all came highly recommended by trusted friends, co-workers and the like...but none of them measure up to Arcadia Animal Clinic!    We were looking for a vet after we had been in Arizona for few months and started asking around...more than  1/2 the people we asked mentioned Dr. Bracken as the best they'd met and highly recommended AAC...The beautiful Carin and I looked at each other and said "this can't be a coincidence...6 people that don't even know each other recommend this place...let's go see him!"     And we did:)    Chow's aren't noted for either their patience or their warm and inviting demeanor...they are a little bit aloof and intimidating...I like that in a dog...both Sam and Dee are coal black, and with their black fur, black tongues, black eyes and gleaming white teeth and fangs, when they smile at you, it can look a little sinister:-)    But they aren't...they are teddy bears and Dr. Bracken and the staff at AAC took the time to understand that (they approach each pet as an individual and get to really know that animal:)    That was apparent at the first meeting of my dogs and Dr. Bracken, when he got down on the floor with them and they talked and played and became great friends (my dogs always love going to AAC...they love Dr. Bracken:)    All that personal rapport with my pup's is and has been critical...not necessarily when they are just in for a checkup or a shots update...but when DeeDee tore her ACL trying to chase a bunny or when she had a minor stroke last year...or when Sammy was finally just too tired to go on and they helped him over with respect and dignity...sorry...I can't see though the tears right now...    AAC is the best veterinary clinic I've found and Dr. Bracken is the best vet I've ever met!
Dr. Bracken rules. In fact, one time my husband and I saw him in Costco and I got really excited and acted like I'd just seen a local celebrity. True story.     There's something about Dr. Bracken that just makes you feel like everything is going to be okay. Despite being incredibly busy he spends time with your dog/pet, will make after hours calls (trust us, we know) and is happy to call other experts when he doesn't know the answer (huge).      Our favorite thing about Dr. B is that he tends to be more on the holistic side of medicine. He advises against pumping your pets full of prescriptions and medicines that they may not need. Preventative is not always necessary and we appreciate that he doesn't try to "up sell" you on these things. In fact, he'll advise against what so many vets recommend. He's not going to tell you that your pet needs regular x-rays and teeth cleanings, etc. He really advises again unnecessary treatments - especially when they involve local anesthesia. We really appreciate his raw honesty about situations and he'll be the first to admit when he just doesn't know the answer. In fact, he was more than willing to work with a competing vet to solve a mystery case we were facing with our little one. This meant the world to us.     If you're looking for a fancy shamsy vet with websites, e-mail updates, couches and all the bells and whistles - this isn't for you. This is a place that's great because of it's wonderful staff (we love that most of their team can greet our pups by name) and Dr. Bracken's genuine love of animals.    The only thing that doesn't make Arcadia Animal Clinic a 5-Star is that you have to see specialists for certain things. Unlike bigger vet clinics, they don't have all the fancy machines, testing equipment and labs that other vets offer. It would be awesome to stay on-site for everything.
overall, the practice is very good. however, some of the people answering the phone are diagnosing or deciding when the animal should be seen. a year ago i called because one of our dogs was hunched over and vomiting.  i called and the person w/whom i spoke said it was nothing, that i could wait a few days and see what happened. i told her i was leaving the next day and didn't feel it could or should wait. she again discouraged me and finished by saying "well, if you really have to come in, we're here till 6". i called another vet whose staff said to bring the dog in immediately. i did. he was diagnosed with a condition that would have either killed him  or rendered him criticaly ill had i waited per the employee's suggestion. i've been discouraged more than once by the phone answerer from bringing pets in.  each time, i've taken them to this other vet and each time, they've had something signicant.  we've slowly transferred their care to this other practice.  i'm sure dr. bracken has no clue the front office is making decisions that could be life or death.  if a client calls, then the staff should attempt, within reason, to schedule an appointment as soon as possible.  dr. bracken is a very thoughtful, conscientious and smart person. he has a VERY busy practice, guaranteed you will wait. if you have an 8am appointment, he will see you at 8:30. he wants to be sure all the appointments are there before he arrives in the morning. he goes beyond the norm in calling patients, being available after hours for critical situations. so it's a balancing act. you have to be assertive in getting your pets' needs met, not with him, but with the person answering the phone, so you can get in. once you see him, it's all gold. he's great.
I have had dogs my whole life and have been to many different Vets around Scottsdale and Phoenix. I got a new puppy in July and a friend recommended Dr. Bracken so highly that I decided to go instead of taking her to my regular vet. I signed her up on the puppy plan which is great when you have a new puppy. It includes all shots, nail trimmings, visits and a discount on spaying. Dr. Bracken is the sweetest, most caring vet I have ever been to, he takes time to teach you puppy training and answers any and all questions you may have.  I have since taken my two other dogs and transferred their medical records to his office. You can tell on your first visit that Dr. Bracken's office is very busy but he is worth the wait. He loves dogs just as much as you do and isn't driven by the all mighty dollar that so many other vets exude. I would trust his honest, straight forward opinion over any one else!!!!!! I normally don't write that many reviews but if you love your dogs as much as I do, you'd taken them here!
Dr. Bracken is the best vet I have ever encountered.  My dog hurt his back and they took fantastic care of him and found a great neurosurgeon for us to have his back fixed.  All his general checkups and teeth cleaning have been great. The staff there just really seem to love animals and it shows. They even call back to check in to make sure everything is going okay with him. It's a ways to Arcadia from my house ( I live in south Tempe ), but I wouldn't even consider taking my dog to anyone else.  If you are looking for a vet you can't do better than Dr. Bracken.
Do you ever meet someone and it just clicks that they are in exactly the right profession, doing exactly what they were put on this earth to do? That's Dr. Bracken. We've been going to Arcadia with our pets ever since I was a little girl and now I take my own family pet there. I can't say enough good things about the kindness, love and warmth that Dr. Bracken shows each pet. He talks to them a little before taking them back to take care of them and immediately puts both my dog and me at ease. He's gone above and beyond his job description in so many ways, from taking a sick pet home with him to care for, to calling long after his office hours to give veterinary advice when I was frantic and needed an answer, I could never thank him enough.
My puppy's trainer recommended Dr. Bracken's office.  He and his staff are great!  They are kind and genuinely care about the pets they treat.  I won't take my pets anywhere else from now on.
When I first got my dog from a shelter I took him to his first vet visit and he told me that my dog needed all of this work done, which would have cost me over $1,000. I was then referred, by a friend, to Dr. Bracken, who has been amazing. He said he didn't need any of that stuff done. Dr. Bracken has taken such good care of my dog and he has also tried to save me money. My dog had knee surgery and when I went to pay for it, he said, "Just give me what you can right now." "You can make payments every month, even if it's just $10." I couldn't believe it. He REALLY cares about the animals and is such a nice person.    I have always felt comfortable there. And Penny, who works in the front, is awesome!
Dr Bracken is the best! He has a wonderful bedside manner, and he knows his stuff!     He loves big dogs (we have Newfoundlands) and knows problems specific to them. For example, when we were in a different state, our newf got sick, and we still didn't have an answer after $3000 work up. When we saw Dr Bracken (after we moved), he gave us the answer right away, without running a single test. And he was right all along.     He is super caring, and even if he doesn't see you back for a follow up, he always wants you to call and let him know how your baby is doing.     The only drawback is that I have referred so many people to him (as I'm sure others have), that his schedule is always booked, and unless you are an established patient, it may be hard to get an appt.
Dr. Braken is the best vet, hands down!  He is the gold standard of vets and takes excellent care and thoroughness in his work!  I will not trust anyone else with my dog and wish I could give him a 100 stars, he's that great!
Dr. Bracken is one in a million.  He is the best vet ever!  Once you take your pets to see Dr. Bracken you won't want to ever take them anywhere else!  I have been taking my dogs there for over 13 years now.  My dogs have had many problems over the years and Dr. Bracken is always available to help you.  He will not run unnecessary procedures and will give your pets the best care available.  I cannot say enough wonderful things about him and his staff.  I agree with one other reviewer who said she would give him 100 star rating if she could.  He is that good!
1-1/2 stars for the doctor's reputation. He's supposed to be exceptional.  1/2 star for the person I talked to being friendly but unconcerned. When calling I got a busy signal each time I tried for over 5 minutes.  When the phone was answered I was put on hold for at least another 5 minutes.  When I got a person I said I wanted to make an appointment for my dog. I wasn't asked what was wrong with my pet I was just asked if my dog was a current patient.  I said no and was then told it would be at least 3 weeks before they'd be able to see us.  To me busy signals and long holds don't bode well and then 3 weeks to get an appointment with them not even knowing my dog's condition?  The practice must be TOO busy and they need additional help.  Going elsewhere.
Dr. Bracken and his staff are amazing, he is the dog whisperer!  I have been taking both of my dogs here for years, and I love this vet.  They are focused on what is best for my dog, don't recommend things they don't need, and are very reasonable.  They even called to check up on my pup after she had her teeth cleaned.  They are awesome and I recommend them to all of my friends and family who have pets. :)
This is the very best vet on the planet. What he has done for my old dogs is unreal. He has extended and increased the quality of their lives tremendously. I am so lucky to know him! I can never thank Dr Brackon enough! Sweet Pea and Sadie thank him as well! : )
If you're looking for a vet you can trust, I'd definitely call Dr. Stacey Ryan. She's been taking care of my dog Mikki since I moved here a year ago. Dr. Ryan is caring, compassionate and very knowledgable. When Mikki was sick this past summer I brought her to see Dr. Ryan and a few days later Dr. Ryan called to follow up on how Mikki was feeling. If you take your pet to Blue Cross you'll be in good hands. The staff is really great too.
I live in Gilbert and drive to Scottsdale for Dr. Dutton, that says a lot. She understands people who have financial situations and does not push unnecessary treatments and provides other options.     One quick story to show why I love her so much: My female rottie came down with a rare blood disorder. When I brought her in during the day because of her 1st symptoms all the needed tests were run and we had to wait for the results. I brought my dog home and later that night her nose started bleeding. Around 7pm I called their office, totally expecting them to be gone for the night and for me to be transferred to the ER Clinic, but one of the other vets answered. I explained I had seen Dr. Dutton earlier that day and what was going on. She told me she would try to get ahold of Dr. Dutton, 10 minutes later Dr. Dutton called me from her home. She told me to bring my dog and she would meet me at her office. I have never heard of a vet willing to come back into the office, or even calling you from their home! I highly recommend her and know several friends who also use her!     I have also taken my dogs in and they were seen by the other vets on staff when Dr. Dutton wasn't available, they have all been great.
Just a well run facility. The Vets on staff are always been young, attentive, sensitive and caring to both of the dogs that I have taken here.    Wait times have never been long, and the front desk staff has always been sharp and "on it".
Our poor dog, Duke, started forming a huge lump on his side in February. We started by taking him to Banfield- don't go there! The vet there told us that his condition was a "medical mystery". Great, thanks. We took him to a different Banfield clinic, which didn't give us any better answers.    Finally, I decided to look on Yelp for reviews of vets and find the best one. I read Dustin F's review of Dr. Ryan and decided to try her. That turned out to be a great decision. Dr. Ryan was able to quickly diagnose him (bone cancer :-( ...) and give us some medicine to take away his pain. She also consulted with other vets and a cancer specialist, to be sure she was correct.    Our dog lived much longer than he was predicted to. He had to be put to sleep at the end of July. Dr. Ryan was always there for us, though. We called her every day the last week of his life. She always worked to fit us in to her busy schedule (she is popular!) and made sure we understood everything about Duke's condition. The last night he was with us, we paged Dr. Ryan and she called us back within an hour on her day off! She truly is an excellent vet and cares so much about the animals she treats.
I was referred to Blue Cross by a friend who absolutely loved Dr Peter. Over the years, I took 4 of my dogs there for care and was always happy with the care they received. They were very compassionate and never tried to up-sell me on anything unnecessary.     When I had an emergency with one of my dogs that ended very sadly, the doctors went above and beyond when I decided to take my sick dog home that night and Dr Brandt graciously came in extra early (before the clinic opened) to meet us when we realized we'd have to have our dog put to sleep. I'll never forget it.     I understand sometimes there is a wait and I was not a fan when they decided to charge an 'emergency' fee for unscheduled visits, but I'm sure there was a reason behind instituting this policy.     I've referred several friends & colleagues to BCVC and continue to do so.
Dr. Bennett is the best vet that I have found anywhere.  My dogs are my children and last Fall my 13 year old pug was diagnosed with terminal cancer.  Dr.  Bennett was kind and compassionate, yet honest with the prognosis and quality of life ahead.  After going to a cancer specialist that she recommended I made the difficult decision to let my little man go with as little pain and as much dignity as possible.  3 months later I adopted another male pug, so that my female pug would have another companion.  Dr. Bennett has been fabulous with both.  She will personally call me to answer any questions/concerns I may have and my pugs adore her.  Anyone looking for a vet who will love and care for their four legged children should schedule an appt with Dr. Bennett.  BTW, she has 2 pugs of her own, so pug owners looking for someone who understands the unique issues with pugs, here she is!
Had a great experience with BCVC today. My dog was sick so they were able to find a spot for her right away. Short wait and very friendly and knowledgeable staff! Highly recommend to any pet owner!
AWESOME VET!  Dr. Peter has cared for our dogs for 12+ years.  He has taken A+ care of our 3 dog's medical needs: every visit; every need, emergency, and general care.      When we lost one of our dear tail waggin' dogs to a coyote, he cleaned him up for burial.  Not too much later we received a precious footprint in clay of our dog.  It was so thoughtful!  All this office does is with utmost care and compassion.  I highly recommend Blue Cross Veterinary Clinic!  (I never write reviews, but this one is way overdue!)
Virginia has been my trusted vet for over 5 years now.  I have 5 dogs and each has had their share of problems over the years, but Virginia's no-nonsense approach to their well-being has been a godsend in this house!    When one of my dogs isn't feeling well, the last thing they need is to get dragged out to sit in a strange place with other strange dogs for an exam.  But, Virginia comes right to the house and does the entire exam in the comfort of their own bed (or couch).    While she has labs and x-ray abilities at her disposal, she uses them sparingly, opting instead to treat the animals based on her years of experience.  No strange vet techs or trainees, either.  It's JUST Virginia!    Great care at affordable prices is what you'll get with Encanto Mobile Veterinary Services.      You and your pet will love Virginia!
I have heard great things about this vet, so I have over the years attempted to call her.  At least two times, my calls were never returned another time it took a week.  I could not rely on her care if my dog was ill.  Although she comes up as a Phoenix vet, she works outside of the city as well.
I brought my 80 pound crazy Austrailian Cattle Dog here for a checkup, shots and some dental cleaning.  Let's just say that he is socially challenged and takes a bit of time and effort before he really warms up to people.  The staff here did everything to work with him and make him feel comfortable without manhandling him.  It did take a second visit and some nice doggie downers to get the shots and bloodwork done but his return for dental work went much better.  Very impressed with the professionalism of Dr. Walker and his staff.  They followed up with me and showed genuine concern for the well being of my hiking buddy.  On top of that, the bill was incredibly reasonable.  They have become my regular vet for my dog now and any pets I may have in the future.
While my girlfriend has already reviewed these clowns, I thought I would take a moment to convey to all of you what a bunch of clowns this place has. We have a 2 year old chihuahua/daschund mix that was very obviously in distress Tuesday night. On Wednesday morning my girlfriend took him to Dr. Babcock's crew at PVAH.     I received a phone call while she was in the exam room with him at 9 am thursday morning where Dr. Babcock felt it appropriate to explain to me that I need to prepare myself to spend "up to three thousand dollars on Muddy because he has a very life threatening condition". At no point did this joker elaborate on what he thought the problem might be. He just seemed to want to play off of our emotions in a clearly taxing time to try and milk us for more money. After paying these clowns over 500 dollars for a parvo cite test, a barium test, a full blood work up, urinalysis, a 500ml IV, and an antibiotic injection we left with an untreated dog.     After seeing no improvement by Thursday and being told to be prepared to "spend thousands" by these @ssholes we elected to see an old family veterinarian that my parents adore. After being in the other office for only 10 minutes the other vet (We'll call him Dr. Competent) found that our dog had a herniated disc in his neck after a cursory range of motion exam. The difference between the two Veterinarians? Dr. Competent took the time to examine our puppy dog and demonstrate genuine care for his well being as well as demonstrating himself as a competent practitioner of veterinary medicne.     Turn the aggravation scale up to about half    After our exam with Dr. Competent, the staff at the other clinic was kind enough to take a look at the bill from PVAH and they nearly fell over. I have seen some pretty shady characters operate (I own an auto-repair shop so you can imagine) but these assholes take the cake for shadiest crap I have seen since I have been in Phoenix. I was finally informed at the end of my visit to the second veterinarian that all the treatment options that these jokers tried to sell us we obviously not needed except to increase my bill.     Now I'm pissed    This place sucks in ways I cannot even begin to explain. When I say take your animals to ANYWHERE OTHER THAN THESE CROOKS, I really do mean it. These @ssholes will try their level best to take advantage of you and your wallet during a very difficult time. My Verdict: Screw this place and the pack of crooks that infest it....
Palo Verde Animal Hospital has been my vet for the past 5 years. I have one dog with allergy issues and another dog with epilepsy, and the team at Palo Verde has done a great job of helping me to manage both sets of issues. Particularly the epileptic dog - Dr. Babcock once even met me at the office at midnight on a Saturday to give me a valium prescription and couldn't have been nicer about it. Another time he took my dog home with him over the weekend to troubleshoot the situation. He is older as other reviewers have mentioned, but that has NOTHING to do with the quality of his service which is excellent. I also deal regularly with Dr. Sam and Dr. Ottman and always feel like my pets are in good hands when we visit.
Recently my puppy ate a rock and got it stuck between her teeth. She was in a significant amount of discomfort so I took her to the closest vet I had seen to our house. I had never been to Palo Verde Animal Hospital, but they were very accomodating and got us right in to see the doctor. The girl at the front desk, the lab tech, and the doctor were all very nice and understanding of our situation. After trying unsuccesfully to remove the rock manually, the doctor decided that my dog should be sedated. They took her to the back and had the rock out in no time. The final bill was (in my opinion) very reasonable and I was very appreciative of their assistance. I will definitely consider them for my dog's future needs/emergencies.
I have to agree with the previous reviewer.  Dr. Clark is awesome.  Very nice guy who loves animals and who does not try to upsell you on anything.  I've been taking my dog to Orangewood for the past three years and I have nothing negative to say.  Go see Dr. Clark!
I have finally found a place that I WANT to bring my dogs to.  The staff and doctor are top-notch.  Everything is handled with care and detailed attention.  Thanks!!!!
Just adopted a dog from RESCUE and needed a veterinarian to do a post adoption exam. I was surprised that I was able to get a same day appointment. Everyone in the office is nice and welcoming. The doc was extremely nice. He sat down with me and answered any questions that I had and gave me suggestions too. You don't see that to often. Couldn't believe that the exam was no charge since I adopted her from a rescue.  The only thing I had to pay for was the vaccinations. Also, if you're bringing your newly adopted dog to this establishment, be sure to bring in a stool sample as well because they will check for parasites test for free as well and it will save you a trip back to deliver it.
My puppy was very sick, she had parvo. I called many places trying to get help for her and I was turned away. Sugarloaf asked us to come in immediately, they were very caring, knowledgeable, and attentive. They gave us a range of options for the puppy and called everyday to check on her status.  I would like to say Thank you soooooo much for all the help!
Dr. Rai, although direct, is amazing with my dogs. They always call the next day to make sure the dogs are alright after any shots or tests. They even squeeze me in the same day if something comes up.
I went to get rabies shots for both of my chihuahuas.  One is a little chunky and the other is really skinny.  They weighed them and said they were each three pounds heavier than usual. The vet told me my skinny dog was over weight! I told them that their scale was off but they said it wasn't.  I went to Pets Mart later that night and weighed both of my dogs.  And I was right, their scales are off.  I even brought a 10 lb weight to make sure Pets Mart's scale was right.  So my entire annual visit was based around wrong information.  And I feel they talked to you like you were an idiot.  They also overcharge for teeth cleaning.  I would NOT recommend this vet.
Have just been once because we just got a puppy and were having him looked at.  They were very friendly and helpful. The vet seemed very happy to be working with my dog, and gave me a lot of information. It's an older building so it may seem a little run down, but I didn't get any feeling that anything was dirty or unkempt. Very happy to be taking my puppy there again.
So we have Violet. She was truly a puppy stray that we picked up in Claypool, Az.  With Mange. Nice, huh? Dr. Shure is so good with her..she loves him and let him pull...are you listening? PULL A TOOTH with no sedation. He knew it was wonky and would come out easily and he didn't even freakin' charge us for it. WHO does that?   GO. Go. I send all my clients there and they're all satisfied.
I  would never, never, never take my dog to get groomed there again.  I have a goldendoodle and I told the groomer to NOT shave her and only cut the matts out.  I wanted her to be long!!!!! When I picked up my dog she not only looked horriable they shaved all her hair off to the skin.  I cried when I saw her and I am sick about it.  Megan the groomer should not be grooming dogs.  She is just lazy and did not want to take the time to comb her out.   I have taken her to other groomers with the same amount of matts and they NEVER shave her!!!!!   I just asked for a shampoo and brush out.   NOT a haircut or shave.  My last words to the groomer were just cut them out and make her look cute!!!! My poor dog looks like it is dying!!!! She went from being the cutiest dog ever to being the UGLY!!!!! Please never take your dog to Megan at Lookout Mountain again.  LOVE the vets...Hate the groomers!!!.
The best vet in Phoenix.      We moved and now live 15 miles away.  Tried the vet clinic 5 minutes from the house, and was flabbergasted and disgusted by the filth. They did not seem interested in getting any of his records either. The vet  was mean and didn't seem to care. This other vet also did not have a full pharmacy. We had to get some scripts from Walgreens & Petsmart.   You live and learn.  Will never take my precious pet anywhere but to Lookout Mountain Vet Clinic.    My dog has extensive health problems (arthritis, genetic defects of the legs, and allergies).   They perform surgeries as well.   Cosmo had to have hip surgery, and it is amazing how well he is doing, seeing as he is 9 years old.  The clinic called a couple days after the surgery, to check on him and make sure he was doing okay.    Even if I lived 50 miles away, I would still bring Cosmo to Lookout Mountain.  BTW, it is not run down.  They have just remodeled.  Very clean.
I would gladly recommend Deer Creek Animal Hospital to my friends! I never feel like I'm being pressured to buy more than I need to, which is such a relief as compared to other places I've been.     Luckily we don't go often, but whenever we are there the staff is very friendly and the Dr. is very honest and gentle with my dog. Two paws up for this place!
I utilized Deer Creek for its Doggy Day Care, and they were always amazing.  The price (at the time $15ish), is way more affordable than any other day care facility.      My dog had A LOT of energy and I was so happy to find a place she would be able to play all day and I could feel comfortable leaving her.  I love the fact that if its too hot outside, the dogs can come in and roam around behind the counter and are not kenneled.  All of the staff was amazing and always happy to see Maxxi.      Unfortunately my dog was hit by a car and killed so I did not have the opportunity to take her in there for her yearly shots, but when I do decide to get another pet, I will for sure be taking them there for both day camp and vet services.      All around great place.
They staff is awesome!  I can get my dogs in the same day if I need to.  They also offer doggie daycare and boarding.  My dogs love going there!  They an acre of grassy area for the dogs to run around in as well as letting the dogs roam around the office during office hours.
The grounds are great.  The kennels are nice and I love that I can put all three of my dogs in one kennel.  I like walking in and seeing the day doggies running around.      I don't like that I have to pay for a bath each time my dogs go there.  Seems like a way for them to make more money.    I prefer someone to come to my house to babysit our dogs when we are out of town but I will use this place when I have no where else to turn.    Unfortunately, the last time we were there we had a mix up with collars between my dog and someone else's dog.  When I stopped back in to return the collar my dog was given - they acted like it was my fault that I didn't explain what my dog's collar looked like good enough to have prevented this.  It took some time but I got our collar back.  It's not the collar that is the issue because they are inexpensive but I didn't like how I was treated.      It's not enough to keep me from there - in fact I think we went there one time after that.  But, if I can hire someone to come to my house I will.
We use this place all the time for our weimaraner. Great day care, caring vets, and an awesome staff.     They know our dog by name & when we see the staff in our neighborhood they always say hello.
I have been taking my doberman here for daycare for about 3 months after I was referred to them by a coworker who uses them as her vet - I have not switched to using them as my vet, but I may decide to in the future.     I actually went to the facility without my dog and did a walk through and talked to the staff / trainers before I decided I would take my boy there I wanted to check it out.  I know probably a little overboard, but my dog is basically my child and I wanted to be sure that I would be comfortable leaving him there for a day - I actually visited 3 other places and this one was BY FAR the best.     The price is fair (about $17 per day for daycare) and they have a HUGE yard with grass, trees, kiddie pools, sprinklers. Last week the vet called me to say that Trey (my boy) was bleeding from his mouth - he probably bit himself or got too frisky with another dog - she said not to worry and that she would keep him in her office until the bleeding stopped. He likes to play rough so I completely understand that these things can and do happen.     To the guy who complained about his dog not being supervised and having to get stitched up: its a risk that you take when you bring your dog to a place like this - just like at the dog park things happen. What else should they have done?  Your dog got hurt and they fixed him..... I have been several times, andI know someone is always watching the dogs, but the yard is big and the dogs are free to roam around.     Another positive - their grooming prices are very reasonable and the staff is super friendly.
We have 5 dogs and have been using Deer Creek for vet services, as well as grooming, for over a year now.  They are always helpful and answer all of our questions.  They also have boarding and day care.  If there were ever I time I needed those services, I would feel almost as comfortable letting my fur babies stay there as I would with one of my relatives.  The staff is caring and does a great job.
I have taken my dog here for extended boarding twice.  Both times he was sick when I picked him up.  The latest illnesses include mange.  If you love your pet, go somewhere else.  The place is dirty, and they are indifferent to anything except charging for extra services.
Best animal hospital in Phoenix.  Always honest and up front about costs and never pushy about procedures and tests.  Dr. Robbins is the best vet and has taken care of our two dogs for years - Dr. K and Higgins are great too.  And don't forget the gals and guys at the front desk - the best.
I just brought my dog Sam in for his annual visit and he loves going to the vet!!  I wish I could post the picture I took of him waiting for the doctor.  He never acts stressed out when we go, probably because of how he is treated by the doctor and all the staff.  I have been going to Deer Creek Animal Hospital since a friend referred me around 2003 or so.  I am so glad I tried them out.  When I moved to AZ I had two other dogs and they too were very well taken care of there.  Even when it was time for them to go to Doggie Heaven the staff couldn't have been more loving and supportive.  Sam is treated like the Prince he thinks he is :)  I think they have very reasonable prices.  When they moved around the corner to their big beautiful building I was afraid maybe the prices would go up but I still think their prices are good.  The exam and shots (minue rabies) is under $100.  I pay a little more because I have Sam on preventative Heart Worm medicine.  He had heart worm when he was surrendered to the Humane Society.  To the people that have had a bad experience well I'm sorry to hear that.  I agree with the person that said that it could have happened any where.  I just referred a friend and was surprised by the $10 referral bonus that was on my account.  I would recommend Deer Creek to anyone who is looking for a great place to take their loved ones.
I am very happy at Deer Creek for the basic and as needed care of my dogs.  I do use low cost vaccinations from the many organizations around the valley, but the vets that I have used at Deer Creek have been punctual, friendly, knowledgeable and caring!  Thank you Deer Creek
Incompetence and Lies - I just moved to Phx and needed to find a veterinarian, groomer, and boarding facility for my dog.  After searching the Internet and reading hundreds of reviews, I booked an appointment at DCAH for vaccinations and grooming, plus a tour of the boarding facilities.  We arrived early and were taken to an exam room, where a technician performed the standard temperature and heart rate exam, etc.  We were told to wait for the vet, who would be in to administer the shots.  Thirty five minutes later, I went back to the front desk to inquire as to whether my dog could still be groomed, since the vet was running late and we were now 20 minutes into the grooming appt.  The front desk staff asked for my name and whether we were in an exam room!!  They apologized profusely, stated they were running behind, and the doctor would be in to see us shortly. We returned to the exam room, and an older technician with long red hair came in to apologize again and to tell me that there had been a "surgical emergency" that was keeping the doctor, but that the doctor would be in within 5 minutes.  Note that she did this with  a straight face.  I asked her to find out how long the grooming would now take, as I had other plans for the afternoon.  She returned to tell me I could leave my dog and pick him up around 3pm.  I advised her to cancel the grooming, as this was not acceptable.  If they can't even keep track of who is waiting to see the vet, do they honestly think I am going to leave my precious pet in their care?    The vet did arrive approximately 5 minutes later, and asked if I had been told what happened.  I advised that the staff explained there had been a surgical emergency.  The vet said "No, there was no emergency."  The vet advised me that the initial technician who was supposed to notify her that we were waiting "dropped our paperwork" and therefore never told her we had been waiting, now for 45 minutes.  She did a 30-second once over on my dog, administered the shots, and inquired as to why I had told the front desk to forgo the grooming. I explained that I did not want to wait until 3pm for him to get a bath and haircut, and would not leave him unattended.  The doctor seemed genuinely sorry for the problem (as I am sure she hates seeing potential long-term customers bolt for the door due to the incompetent support staff and doesn't like finding out they are liars.) She offered to have a technician give my dog a quick bath and nail trim for free as compensation, but I declined.  She was very insistent that she wanted to compensate me somehow, so I agreed to allow her to clip my dog's nails for free, thinking she would do it herself.  She directed me to the front desk to checkout,where I was charged $46 for an "exam" that really didn't occur and another $75 for three shots I could have obtained elsewhere for a third the price.  To top it all off, a technician behind the desk again "apologized" for the emergency surgery that had delayed the vet, another lie.  Yet another technician then came out with my dog, at which point I learned that the vet had not personally done his nails.  Had I known he was being passed off to this support staff, I never would have let him out of my sight.    There was a time when I would have demanded that these two lying technicians and the veterinarian stand together and offer an explanation as to why they think it is acceptable to not tell the truth to their paying customers.  As I've grown older, I've learned that it does no good to confront a liar; some people just don't have any qualms about looking into my eyes and lying, and nothing will ever change them.  Now, I let my money do my talking. Speaking of which, they didn't even have change when I tried to pay my bill with two one-hundred dollar bills.  Really, a business that large without $74 change on a Saturday afternoon?    May God help the poor animals entrusted to the care of these people; mine will certainly never be one of them.
The staff is very friendly and you can tell they are animal lovers.  I took my dog here for day care and came back to find her behind the desk with the staff and other dogs.  I had told them to watch for her sore leg.  They did and they noticed her starting to limp and getting overheated so they brought her in, took her temp, and gave her some water.  I was so impressed that they had watched her so well.  I feel extremely confident in her safety when I leave her in their care.  They have great boarding rates as well.  My dog loves going here!!
We have been taking our (2) dogs there for over 4 years and couldn't be happier. When we pull into the parking lot, our dogs go crazy from excitement ~ they cannot wait to get into the door! Whether it is vet services, boarding, grooming, or just a doggie daycare day, the staff treats our dogs with such kindness and offers great customer service to us as pet owners.
They only care about making money and not the well being of the pets. They always try to up sell extra services that are unnecessary. Recently, I took my dog for a rabies vaccination because they sent me a reminder in the mail that he was due for his shot. After the shot, we received a receipt and no further information. The vet never asked me about my dogs past shot records. It turns out your dog only needs rabies shot every three years. When we asked them about it... They said they gave us paperwork and told us it was every 3 years but they didnt. They were just giving him the shot and collecting money.. No questions asked. How unprofessional! I will never take my 5 year old chihuahua back again.
Just waiting for my contract to end. In an emergency you CAN NOT get your pet seen. My puppy was dying from Parvo and they would not fit him in.They told me to go to a pet ER...why am I paying for this  insurance?? I found a vet that is not sales driven...and cheaper than my price with "insurance". Horrible....I have steered multiple friends away from this mistake since I have signed up. Never again.
Great group of people who seem to genuinely want to help and not just get through all the appointments. They take care of both our dogs Bradock and Malea and we are very appreciative of all their help.
About 15 years ago, when I lived in rural AZ, I spent a lot of time in hotels in PHX for work, and some friends in Scottsdale dogsat my dog Heike while  I was in town.  Turns out their neighbor was Dr. Rick Sampson of Shea Animal Hospital, and Heike loved him.  When I moved to PHX, I chose Dr. Sampson, seeing as how he and Heike already knew each other on a "social" basis.  After years of care, and Dr. Sampson helping us through her last days, I'm still a huge fan of Shea Animal Hospital and take my two dogs there regularly.  The staff is genuinely nice, and care about the animals and owners.  I wasn't the only one crying when Heike passed away.  They are very good about discussiong the pors and cons of various procedures (including cost versus benefit), why they are recommending certain actions, and the consequences of different alternatives.  Over the years I've recommended them to at least three other friends in the area, and all are now long-time satisfied clients.  Best of all - I trust them.
I was really nervous choosing a new vet for my dog.  The last vet lacked customer service, overcharged for their services, and gave my dog an unnecessary vaccine that he had an allergic reaction to.   Upon conducting tons of online research that lead me to Faust Animal Hospital's website, I decided to give them a call.  I left them a voice message around 12pm requesting a call back as I told them I was shopping for a new vet.  Tammie from the front office called me back around 6:30pm that evening and explained that they had been in surgery all day (I believe they closed at 6pm that day).  She then proceeded to answer all of my questions (and I had tons of them!) about their practice and services.  We must have talked for at least a half an hour!  She was so pleasant and informative; a perfect representation of a solid, customer-oriented business!  I scheduled an appointment for my dog two days later and had a similar experience when I met Tammie and the staff in the office.  The vet, Dr. Wiblin, was very attentive to my concerns and took the time to explain, in full detail, what my options were in going forward to diagnose my dog.  She also presented me with a full estimate of recommended services so I could make an informed decision aligned with my budget.      A couple of other key factors that helped me choose Faust Animal Hospital as my new vet:  -They process all blood work and x-rays in-house so your wait time for getting results is minimized.    -They were awarded The Veterinary Health Care Team of the Year  by the Arizona Veterinary Medical Association  -They take GEMB Care Credit as payment for services rendered.
Faust Animal Hospital is absolutely as good as it gets! My family has been taking our beloved pets to Faust since Bonnie Faust was there, about 25+ years. We have always had great experiences there with all of the staff. You won't find a better vet than Dr. Wiblin. She attends to our pets like they are her own. She always does a thorough exam and answers every single question you may throw at her. She doesn't ever act like she is in a hurry to get to another patient, she spends as much time with you as you need.     Tami, the front desk manager, is about as friendly as you can get. I'm pretty sure she knows the name of every single patient that walks through the door, human and animal alike. The vet techs are just as friendly and caring toward your animals. Some of the techs have been there forever which I think speaks volumes about the practice itself. A familiar face that is familiar with your pets really makes it a smooth and pleasant experience.     When we had to put down out 14 year old Boston Terrier back in 2010 Dr. Wiblin was there with us. Even she cried when it was all over. I always knew she was wonderful but that topped the cake. A while after that day we received a note in the mail from a research company that had informed us that Dr. Wiblin had made a donation in our dogs name to fund research on dogs with cancer. It was the most thoughtful thing anyone could have done.     I recommend everyone choose Faust Animal Hospital for their fur babies. You will not be disappointed!
Jager, my 6 year old bull terrier, has been seeing Dr. Allen since he was 10 weeks old. She is nothing short of wonderful. In fact, the entire staff is comprised of the most compassionate people I've ever met, and they truly care about my dog. Over his 6 years, mischievous Jager has gotten himself into some pretty precarious situations (run-ins with cacti, frolicking in broken glass and, of course,  attempting to digest shoes and socks). The folks at Indian Bend Animal Hospital always make him good as new, with as little pain (and expense) as possible.  The cost is much more reasonable than other similar facilities in the area. As a full-time working single [dog] parent, I really appreciate that they are open on Wednesdays from 4pm to 8 pm. Dr. Allen has always been patient, even with an annoying first-time dog owner such as myself. I can't imagine trusting his care to anyone else.
Dr. Allen is the best vet in town!  I have two older dogs and one has a chronic health condition.  Dr. Allen and her staff gives such wonderful care and advice and is very cost-sensitive.  I highly recommend Dr. Allen and the Indian Bend Animal Hospital.
The doctors and techs at this hospital bar none have been the most caring and compassionate vet I have ever experienced . My dog swallowed the end of a rawhide bone yesterday and I rushed her there hysterical of course. They gave her immediate attention and saved her life . That let me sit with her as she woke up from sedation and also stayed with us as she came to. Dr.Isom was right by our side and couldn't have been more comforting through my hysterical crying. After all was said and done I returned home so grateful with my girl Jazzy. Thank you Indian Bend
I have taken my dogs to Amigo forever, and when they told me what a bad dog I had and to never bring him back I was a little hurt. But I still took my other dogs there until I found a stray pit mix wandering the streets. I took him there to see if he had a microchip and the lady told me to immediately take him to the pound because he will undoubtedly try to kill me in my sleep. Long story short, i have a pit mix myself now who is sweet as pie and would never "kill me in my sleep." My thoughts are, they shouldnt go around telling people terrible things like that and focus more on HELPING the animals
I went in there for the first time and it sucked! I asked to post a flier about a free dog walk event, but the lady couldn't be bothered and she shook her head at me. I know she was on the phone, but she could have waited until she was off the phone to give service. I was going to buy supplies, but forget it! I could understand them not wanting to post a flier, but they could have done something other than shake their head at me.  Never going back!
I have been a patron of Amigo for almost 15 years, and Dr. Rose and Theresa and the entire staff are AMAZING! Their customer service and care for my pets has always been above what I could have ever hoped for. When my dog started declining in health, they were so accommodating to our needs, questions, and every single panicked call (and there were a ton). They were constantly willing to find the space in their schedules for me to bring her in. I always felt reassured by Dr. Rose's patient care, "bedside" manner, and competence. She conducted surgery and several other procedures on my dog to help me extend her life and with the greatest comfort and care my dog could receive. I cannot express how patient-focused their service is; they are wonderful! And, from the standpoint of having to make the excruciatingly difficult end of life decision for my dog, I was comforted in trusting that her last day was in their care while we attempted to treat her, and at the moment I came to my own conclusion that I would have to let my dog go, the compassion and validation that it really was "her time," made the devastating decision easier for me to handle. My trust in their familiarity with her and their intimate knowledge of her entire health history was so strong that I unequivocally knew that if there were viable options to treat her, those options would have been discussed. Even after that day, my relationship with them did not end, for they actually reached out to me very soon afterwards to extend condolences and offer support. By the way, their physical proximity to my initial home when I acquired my dog was the reason I initially sought their services, but I was so comfortable with them, I continued to seek their care even after I moved such a distance away that it wasn't convenient for me to get to because I valued their care and services so much. I just cannot say enough about how great I think the doctors and staff at Amigo are to their patients!
Hands down the best vet I've ever seen. (I go to Dr. Kastner, not the other doc here, who seems very nice, too, but I've never worked with him.) He is patient and will thoroughly explain everything to you, including risks and benefits. Two of my dogs needed surgery, and he was very honest in referring me to a specialist for one of the surgeries, which he said he could do for less $$ than the specialist, but he thought the specialist would be better for it. He always remembers us when we come in, and unlike many vets we've seen, I never feel like he's just trying to "sell" us on anything. He doesn't push procedures that aren't really necessary, and he never makes you feel like a bad pet parent for considering not doing a procedure. His honest is unwavering - he'll tell you what's really necessary and why. If you're worried about your pet, this is where you'll get an honest ad unbiased medical opinion. The office staff is also always really nice.
Such a great vet- generous with time, remembers my dog...  The staff is awesome as well and very accommodating.
Dr. Weinacker is unbelievable with my dogs. He is such a fantastic vet and very knowledgeable. My current dogs LOVE him.  I had a dog who had neurological problems and he dealt with her very compassionately and gave amazing referrals and recommendations. I ended up having to put her down as a 4 year old back in 2005 as her condition was deteriorating and the staff couldn't have been kinder about letting me stay in the room with her afterwards for as long as I needed. I was sobbing like a baby of course but the entire staff was so kind and comforting.
Wow. Wow. Wow. I distrust vet offices as much as my dogs dislike them; however, PV Animal Hospital has made a loyal fan out of me. I have referred my family's dogs and many co-workers to this hospital. Dr. Weineker (sp?) was one of the NICEST vets I have ever met in the 11 years I have owned dogs. You can tell he truly enjoys what he does and cares about the pets and the people. There were times during the visit I felt like I should interrupt the vet from playing with my dog to ask what was wrong with my dog because the two looked like 'a boy and his dog' on a great summer day. I was wrong. He was skillfully and purposefully examining my pet in such a way as to keep my dog calm and happy and as distracted as possible from the necessary unpleasantries of the exam. He was incredible with my dog. As a professional, he did not speak down to me as the patient owner NOR did he give me ANY high pressured sales pitches of various treatments. He told me in a matter of fact way what my dog needed and why. The WHY is very important to me. He was candid with me and told me what was necessary and what was optional and for how long it may be optional before it became a necessity (my dog is older).    The front office staff and the vet support staff also made me a fan of this office. They were the friendliest individuals I have ever met in a vet office. One thing I took note of that I have NEVER EVER seen at a vet office...one of the desk ladies offered to fill in the forms for me while I read her my answers because she saw the difficulty I was having in keeping my dog still, balancing the clipboard, and the other items I had in my hand...and unknown to her, I was still very weak recovering from a serious illness. Her simple gesture of sincere kindness started the tone of the visit and that pleasantness continued until I walked out the front door.     The front office has a split design that is hard for me describe, but in short, there are waist high swing doors that separate one side of the waiting room from the other which made it much easier to check in and out as your pet is separated from other patients who are in the process of coming or going. For the 1st time ever, I was able to take my time and read the check out papers and give legible signatures because my arms were not being yanked back and forth by my dog's leash as he tried to play or sniff the pets waiting to check in as we were on the opposite side of the swing doors, essentially, closed off in a separate check out area. At the end of the visit, I was asked if I needed help loading my dog into my vehicle. (I was recovering from some ailment that had me laid up for over a week at home. I was no longer contagious, but I'm sure I looked like death after a bout with the flu, the common cold, food poisoning, a hang nail and a paper cut.)   The front office staff displayed the same friendliness to any other person who came through the front door and even greeted some patients and humans by name. My dog and I both felt at ease here and although I want my dog to stay healthy so I never have need to go back, it is certainly an animal I would look forward to having to visit again.     I do not recall for certain, but I believe when I made my appt over the phone, I was asked if I would need assistance unloading my dog from the car to bring him in. That doesn't seem like much, but it is significant. I am physically capable of doing so, but I will always remember the time my disabled mother called me from a DIFFERENT vet's office in tears of pain and shame because she could not unload her very large, elderly Great Dane from the SUV and the vet's staff said they couldn't assist because of liability reasons. My mother sat with her dog for close to 45 minutes in the parking lot crying until another patient pulled up and did what the vet's staff should have done....helped an elderly disabled woman unload her equally infirmed Great Dane from the vehicle and into the clinic.  (PS, please no one tell my mother I referred to her as elderly in this review because she can wield that cane like a Samurai warrior when she needs to and I like being able to walk without a cane of my own.)    My mother now also uses PV Animal Hospital and also swears it is the nicest, most reasonable vet office she has ever had to visit.     PV Animal Hospital will receive my family's support and recommendation until the day we loose all common sense and cease being pet owners.
Best vet I have ever been to! My dog was so comfortable and they took great care to make sure he was happy. They offered great pricing, and comprehensive care was better than other vets claimed to offer. I can not believe this place doesn't have more reviews! The Dr was so sweet to my dog, he even talked cute doggie talk to him :) We now have a permanent vet!
Not happy. What a shady place!!  I call to make an appointment and get a quote as I haves budge to love by. Our dog only needed his yearly shots and a check up. What they quoted and what they actually charged was WAY off!! Then they convince me to have his anal glands extracted and hand me a bottle of allergy spray only to find out I would be charged extra for THAT! I refused the spray much to the nurse's disdain and argued that I was not asked permission or told the additional cost of the anal extraction. They scammed me and on top of that, the doctor talked more about his own dogs than actually talking about mine, his own patient.   Will not be going here again :(
We adopted our family dog, Max, at the AAWL shelter 2 1/2 years ago. The animals are well cared for and given lots of love from the staff, which makes it an easier transition to come home.     They offer a lot of support post-adoption if you need help to transition your animal to its new home and I would really recommend this shelter over the Humane Society. The AAWL keeps the animal until it's adopted no matter how long it takes and it's a really pleasant, non-depressing environment. They also have a little store at the shelter that you can buy all the essentials like collars and toys when you are adopting.     You should check out the AAWL first if you're planning to add a pet to your home.
So it's been almost three months since we adopted Tiberius, our 15lbs mystery dog, and we really couldn't be happier. I have to say that the staffers at AAWL really did right by us and helped us select the dog that is almost perfectly matched with our ability to care for him. Tiberius is high energy enough to be fun while not so bounce-off-the-walls crazy that he destroys our house.     Thanks AAWL! And whoever abandoned this pup is certainly missing out.
The staff is very nice and professional, but I will never consider adopting a dog from a no kill shelter again. I met with one of the dogs who is still on the website up for adoption. When I brought him home he was very unrully, barked alot and the final straw was when he nearly attacked my building manager. He acted like he may have been abused. I was appreciative that the shelter took him back right away, eventhough the adoption fee is unrefundable. I know it's not the dogs fault, but the shelter should let you know if the dog has ever been aggressive.
I adopted a dog from AAWL and started experiencing problems with her shortly thereafter. When I initially introduced her to my older dog at the shelter, they seemed to get along fine, but when I brought her home, she became progressively more aggressive with him. I did some research on the internet, and some of the behaviors that she was displaying with my older dog at the shelter were aggressive behaviors that the shelter employees failed to recognize. I proceeded to call the shelter over 45 times over the course of three days (all of which they were open) and left them two messages, both of which expressed the urgency of my situation. None of my calls were returned. They gave me no other choice than to just show up on their doorstep with the dog. I surrendered her to them and was not charged an intake fee, but the $125 adoption fee was NOT refunded or counted as a credit of sorts toward another dog. Additionally, I filled out several pages of information on the dog's behavior, none of which I feel was taken into account, as I checked the website, and the dog was adopted and surrendered to the shelter yet again. Overall, I was extremely dissatisfied with my experience with this shelter, and I would not adopt an animal from them again.
I had no problems with AAWL. We adopted a wonderful dog in 2009, and since then we've always dropped in every now and then to see if we could find him a friend. Summer of 2011 we officially went on the hunt for another dog, and decided to go to AAWL. We found a few dogs we felt would be a good match and was told to bring our dog back in for a meet.  Now here is where my problem begins. We come in with our dog, and 2 people I've never seen or talked to that worked there helped us. Go figure. I have no idea who these 2 were but anyway... They tell us to go in the little area, and we wait wait wait in the heat with our dog. Really thats not the problem but finally we get the 2 people and they tell us that they will be in control of the dogs. They took our dog, put him on a leash, and never once asked us any questions about him.... got the other dog, brought her in.  They let my dog basically control the entire situation...the guy just followed my dog wherever he went, I'm shocked he even put a leash on him if he was going to just let it be a free for all let the dog do whatever he wants! But he did, and I've never EVER introduced my dog to any dog like that before because I know he can come off very strong at first. I tried explaining to them I thought it was a bad idea to just let him control the situation, they didn't seem to care and by that time the  dogs were both showing their teeth and barking. This all happened in the course of 2 mins...maybe...and the guy was like, ok well they don't get along. Sorry. And i'm thinking are fu**ing kidding me??? I've NEVER in my life heard of introducing dogs like that. We tried another dog, and they did the same thing..just let the dogs do what they want. It went better but eventually my dog was knocking over the chairs and kinda freaking out. It was just bad. I thought it was very unprofessional for people that work with animals all day long. I went online when I got home to make sure I wasn't crazy, and searched ways to introduce dogs. Needless to say they did it pretty much the worst way possible. Very disappointed.  On top of this, the 2 workers told us they would go back and check the files to see if they could find a good match for Bruce. About 1-2mins passed and I decided to go to the kennel area, so I left my dog with my husband and turned the corner to find the 2 just chatting. So much for finding a match for my dog..or caring that these animals get adopted.   I'm not saying all the workers there are terrible. Many of them are helpful, especially one guy who is there almost all the time. I can't remember his name. However I had to share that story, I don't usually do the whole negative story thing but I was very disappointed.
A great animal shelter that does wonderful work in the Valley. I adopted my puppy when he was 8 weeks old from AAWL. My only concern was that he fell very sick a week after we got him and the vet bill was substantial. Chances are it was an illness he picked up while at county's shelter or AAWL so it was a little frustrating. While they offer ShelterCare gift insurance it is EXTREMELY limited in what they will cover, so all of the expenses came out of pocket although both AAWL and I thought they would help out.    That said, AAWL does amazing work. I would absolutely go back and adopt from them again. If you're considering getting an animal go to a shelter! They are the best dogs and you can save two lives :)
The whole idea of a no kill shelter is admirable, especially in Phoenix where we have such a problem with homeless pets and overpopulation. The staff were great, friendly, patient and knowledgeable. And each one explained every step of the process all the  way to what they were all about and why they are a no kill shelter. I learned as much about the members of the staff as I did each dog. They never rushed us or got impatient with our indecisiveness. It's so hard to pick one dog to take home with you! You can tell they genuinely love their jobs and what they are doing and they have organized systems and policies which is great. The only minor complaint we had was that we arrived around the same time as another family and were all there to see (adopt) the same dog! We finally had to go back to the sign in sheet and see who actually signed in first but they handled the misunderstanding with diplomacy and tact and at the end, everyone took home a new pet! And that's the most important thing. I love my new puppy and I think I was meant to get her instead of the dog that went to the other family. Funny how things work out that way sometimes. They had reasonable adoption fees, leashes and tennis balls to take home, a bag of food and my puppy was spayed and microchipped. Overall a very good experience! I just wish I could save all the dogs there!! : (
Adopted my dog Frank and here I volunteer here. Great place!
I'm sad to read some of the negative reviews, because I have had such a pleasant experience with aawl.   I adopted my dog Morrison 9 months ago. I was told that when the shelter took him in, he wouldn't even let staff put a collar on him. One of the employees kept him in her private office for his first 2 weeks until he was ready to go into the kennel with the other dogs. When I came and adopted him, that same employee started crying because she had bonded with my dog. My dog is still initially uncertain with new experiences, but he is the happiest dog and I really think he would have turned into a much different animal without aawl's nurturing.   Secondly, we returned to aawl for basic obedience school. The training was fantastic. I have since taken Morrison to another obedience class, taught at Petsmart, but aawl's was way better. I am going to go back for intermediate training. I also like giving my money to a nonprofit rather than a corporate pet store.
Dr Ashley Bensfield is absolutely awesome. I was recently referred to the Veterinary Neurological Center by my vet when my dog became very ill.   By good fortune, I was assigned an appointment with Dr Bensfield.   She was super knowledgeable and observant.  She had a wonderful "bedside manner" with both my dog and me.   Her skills in making preliminary diagnosis and an explanation of alternative causes inspired confidence in her abilities. It provided understanding of the situation which was a relief after many days of uncertainty and confusion.  Unfortunately, after a subsequent MRI, my dog's condition  was determined to be the worst of the alternatives, which was critical and irreversible, and he was summoned to doggie heaven way too soon.   It gave me great comfort to have Dr Bensfield as a resource at a most difficult time.
I had a complete opposite experience with the Vet Neurology Center.  After keeping us waiting for over 8 hours for X-rays and an MRI (a process that should have taken 2-3 hours at most), and charging us exhorbitant amounts of money, they did nothing to help our dog.  I supposed there was really nothing they could do.  But forcing her to spend her final hours in their depressing building was unnecessary, I believe.    And they could have at least faked a bit of compassion.  We sat for hours in their sterile waiting room, worried and wondering.  The receptionists acted like we were just a bother to them.  The doctor promised he would call and follow-up.  We are still waiting for that call.    It was an awful experience.  If you can avoid the Vet Neurological center, you should, IMO.  You may have no choice if your regular vet suggests an MRI.  But be prepared to be treated without compassion.  And bring your life savings.  You may need that -- and more.    Good luck.  I hope your experience is better than ours was.
Be very careful if you decide to take your pet here for tests.   I went there last week on the recommendation of a local vet after that vet took x-rays of my 11 year old lab's spine and saw something that looked suspicious.  The resident I saw, Dr. Phillip Schissler, after examining her (and her x-rays from the first vet) recommended a whole slew of tests totaling over $3200 so that they could make a define determination.   I only approved part of the tests, despite their urging to put my dog through all of them and it turned out to be cancer.  There's not a doubt in my mind that  this facility already knew what was wrong with my dog after looking at the first set of films that I brought in, yet they had the audacity and the lack of ethics to prey on my emotional state to push for very expensive tests that weren't needed. Even after they told me that she had cancer, they pushed to do a biopsy to determine what kind of cancer and I said no.  She had to be put to sleep 3 days later because the cancer was so advanced so certainly a biopsy wouldn't have been needed.   DO NOT let them push you into paying for tests that aren't needed or don't make sense and question every recommendation they make.  Shame on this center for preying on emotional pet owners when they already know what's going on - do the right thing and don't put pet owners through any more undue hardship because you have business goals and want to line your pockets with our money.
The staff here really took excellent care of my chihuahua. Dr. Knowles is great and the entire staff is always so friendly! Took my dog here for an MRI which is expensive, but thankfully I have pet insurance which covered 90% of it. He stayed there over a weekend and they even let me come in on a Sunday when they were closed to come in and visit him. I'm in here twice a month now until he's completely healed and I am so thankful for this place!
I'm writing this review because when my girlfriend and I were trying to find somewhere to fix our dog I wasn't sure I was going to go here bc of some of the yelp reviews.   Yes, it's ridiculously expensive to do testing and operations on your pet, but it's like that ANYWHERE you go. Yes, they are a business and keeping a team of friendly helpful staff and knowledgable doctors is not cheap, they make money off if their testing and surgery. Like any other center of this type.   Our dog Betty woke up paralyzed one Sunday morning at my girlfriends moms house in AZ we got in the car and drove out from LA as soon as we could to get her to see someone.  We were recommended to go here from another very knowledgable vet in Arizona. From the beginning the staff here was nothing but helpful. They fit us in the same day to see someone and were so kind through the whole process. They needed to do additional testing on Betty bc X-rays were not showing something out of the ordinary to explain the paralysis. Let me note here though that we didn't ever feel the doc was pushy about doing the surgery. He have us the statistics of her walking again and explained other options for treatment if surgery was going to be too expensive. We decided that if they found she had a bulging or herniated disc, which he suspected, we would do surgery.  The price tag was huge for us but the staff helped us every step of the way through applying for care credit for half and then setting up a payment plan through them for the rest.   Betty is now on her way to full recovery and it had everything to do with this place. I told myself if this worked out I would write a review about the WORK they do and our experience of the staff, instead of complaining about the price.   Thank you everyone from the bottom of our hearts for giving Betty her legs back! Don't think twice about taking your pet to this place. Yes, they might need to run tests to make a diagnosis but you are in great hands.
This is one honest Veterinarian who will not rip you off or over charge you. I have been through all Phoenix and Glendale Vets in past years and have learned the hard way. These days, I only take my dogs to Dr. Yocham. $39 for an office visit and you can walk in without an appointment. As you are in the waiting room you will notice MCSO officers with their K9 companions waiting to see the doc too. Dr. Yocham takes care of Maricopa County Sheriffs Office K9 units. I had to take my dog Snoopy in on Monday after he suddenly started to go blind over the weekend. For Monday office visit $39 and blood work (lab) $154, this is cheap compared to other hospitals such as Glendale or the Vet on Indian School and 31st ave. I have seen Vet bills as high as $2,900 in the past and still lost the dog. I took snoopy back today and the doc gave him a shot to treat his Tick Fever $20 and the months supply of pills was $22 anywhere else I would of been rapped. Lots of Vets will thrive off you desperation and love for your pet, this doctor is not like that. This is not just a Veterinarian office, it is a hospital were they can monitor and keep a close eye on your dog if they feel the animal needs that kind of care and it runs $80 a night. I figured posting prices is pretty much the type of information people would like to know, hope this helps out and even if you have to drive out of your way, it will be worth it in saving.
Dr. Yochum and his staff are fantastic.  He is a straight shooter and will give you his honest opinion which at times may not be what you wanted to hear, but it is what you need to hear.  I have taken my greyhounds to him for eight years and he has dealt with many various issues including the cancer one of my dogs developed.  When the day came to send my dog to the rainbow bridge, he was honest and told me what I needed to do.  Many of his staff have been there the entire time I have utilized his services.  And you can tell that he loves what he does and he loves the patients that he cares for.
I travel several miles to take my rat terrier Zoe to Dr Yocham. We just need routine check ups for shots and tooth cleaning. The clinic never pushes for blood work and extras. Dr Jocham is a no nonsense vet with a kind but straighforward attitude. He takes care of the K-9 unit dogs and also greyhound rescues and has been in the business a long time. For value and service, he's the best in the valley.
Another home run with Dr Yocham. Had to have my wonderful male neutered. Doc was concerned it was more than prostate issues and guided me through the difficult decision (he is a working dog (Oz, not Dr. Y) and we don't normally neuter working dogs so all you crazy people can please not bother chiming in).     We decided to go ahead and it appears it was the right decision. He charged MUCH less than another quote I got and spent time with me both before and after the procedure to discuss his findings and help me make the decision. Dr. Yocham is "old school" and in my book, he totally rocks.    I trust him. What more do I need to say?    Back again today, 4/26/13, for hips and elbow xrays. They whipped my dog right up on the table, no need to sedate her, got the shots and voila, her hips and elbows look fine. I love Southside Animal Hospital.
My dog had developed an infection , that I could not see. I cant stand seeing my dog in discomfort , so I brought him in to Dr. Yocham.   Dr. Yocham found the issue very quickly , and advised me of my options. My dog was INSTANTLY relieved of his discomfort , and I am happy to say his condition has cleared up.  He is not like ANY other vet I have EVER had to deal with. And here is why.  He is obviously very good at his profession. Obviously very experienced.  I trust him. He didn't just want money and then more money.  Dr. Yocham actually cared about me and my dog.   The entire experience was great. I no longer fear having to take my animals to the Vet!!  Thanks again to Dr. Yocham and Southside Animal Hospital!
Impressed with this vet! We have been to several other vets who nickel and dime you, wanting to do every test, exam, ect. Dr. Yocham is thorough but recognizes certain symptoms enough not to charge you and waste time doing extra tests. Our dog has suffered from Valley Fever for years and Dr. Yocham is both compassionate yet practical. He takes time to answer your questions and is very non-judgemental toward any situation.  He also respects whatever personal choice you make in how you would like to treat your animal. Very pleased!
Dr. Yocham is honest and candid.  I hold him in the highest regard and have been seeing him with our dogs for over 16 years.  He treats the MCSO dogs and the seeing eye dogs in Phoenix.    I've seen a few other vets around and they all seem to want to pump up the bill.   Everyone is treated with dignity and respect.    I truly wish he could treat humans.
BAD NEWS... GOOD NEWS    Well, the bad news is Dr. Yocham has sold the practice.  He is still there as an employee but working less.      The good news is, Dr. Tascon seems very competent, nice and knowledgable.  I took my girl in yesterday for extreme itching and scratching. I met Dr. Tascon and he was easy to talk to.  He grated my pup then listened to me.  He then got down on the floor and did an exam on my dog (my dog is a German Shepherd and it's sometimes easier not trying to lift her onto the table).   He was thorough and gentle with her.     He explained to me the best treatment for her and, like Dr. Y, there was no "up selling" or unnecessary tests.  I felt comfortable with his recommendation and treatment plan.      Thanks to all the staff at Southside you have been good to me and my K9 family and I appreciate it!
I have to say they are great....since they don't take appointments, it's kind of first come, first served, but they were able to fix my dogs chronic cough in no time!
We have taken both of our dogs to see Dr. Yocham for years and I would never think of going to another vet. He is honest and always correct each time we come to him with a sick puppy. He is an awesome Dr and recommend him to all my family and friends.
I love this clinic. They are a bit hard to get to, but worth it. I've only seen Dr. Yocham with my two dogs and he's been very professional and friendly. My dogs love him, he's very no nonsense and doesn't try to tack on a lot of extras that may not be necessary. He offers his opinion and lets you decide without pressure what course of action to take. I trust his judgement and I appreciate that he doesn't make you feel like a bad owner.     They do not take appointments, but like the others said, I usually get into a room within a few minutes, and only wait about 10 once in there for the Doctor or the Tech to come in.     The ladies at the Admin counter are very friendly too. One was very helpful and worked up an estimate and walked me through all of it when I was concerned with dental costs.     Overall I would recommend this place and Dr. Yocham. It's not fancy, but really who needs a fancy vet? All you get is a fancy price tag if you're concerned about all the frills that some offer.
This place is great for boarding!  The techs remember my dog and always go the extra mile to accomodate her needs.  The office is very clean and prices are good.
I have been taking both my dogs here for about 6 years.. we love it. Only had one bad experience and it was a new girl, who isn't there anymore :)
My dog is my world, so when it comes to her veterinary care, I have extremely high standards.  That being said, Ahwatukee Animal Care Hospital truly sets the bar for quality care.  I had previously taken my beloved pooch to South Point Animal Clinic in Tempe, but was looking for a new vet after South Point's egregious negligence resulted in my poor baby having to undergo major emergency surgery.  After that whole debacle left me with a distrustful / borderline paranoid attitude towards pretty much the entire field of veterinary medicine, a close friend referred me to Dr. Herczegh at Ahwatukee Animal Care Hospital.  Dr. Herczegh is living proof that skilled, reputable, compassionate veterinarians still exist - seriously, finding her was like finding a unicorn.  I have nothing but positive things to say about Dr. H and the rest of the staff at Ahwatukee Animal Care Hospital.  They know us by name, they provide my dog with top-notch care, their customer service is great, their prices are reasonable...simply put, Ahwatukee Animal Care Hospital is everything that a vet should be.
I have been bringing my Yorkie to them since I got him back in 2008. The receptionists are always friendly and learn who patients are very quickly. The veterinarians are great at diagnosing issues. You can definitely tell that they are animal lovers. They were there for me when I first got him and I found out that the breeder I got my dog from had given him his rabies vaccine in his bottom instead of his nose. They helped calm me down and made everything ok.
Recently visited,     My have they changed. I will just say I have never been treated so unprofessionally by anyone before in my life more so then I was by the staff at this establishment.     15 years of business with the Veterinary staff which are exceptional. The twin sisters who work the front counter providing paper work, charges, scheduling who are also excellent.      We scheduled 12-23-2013 for tests for heart guard. There was a mistake made from a previous visit which resulted in both the Veterinarian and the lady(someone I have never seen before) behind the counter becoming very hostile. Getting into a shouting match with me, getting hostile, telling me that's its all my opinon, I will say that I have never been treated so unprofessionally, especially when the error was on their end, basically took one dog that needed testing to buy two perscriptions, after test i was charged, doctor comes back says they need to examine the other dog, we did back in august of 2013. Turns out the person never charged us or documented properly but instead of either the Vet, or the women behind the counter listening to me explaining that we did come in August for the service I was met with an attitude like well this is how it is pay up or leave. They messed up our credit charges so badly we couldn't use for the rest of the week, luckily we were done with our holiday shopping.     Asked for copies of my dogs charts received partials after repeat requests, had to go back to pick up a heart meds the following day and had them practically thrown at me by the same unprofessional women behind the counter. No eye contact no hello. Nothing. If that's what 15 years of business, two pets, at $250 a visit three times a year gets you. I will be giving that to someone else.     ****************************5 stars 11/14/2012 *************************  Was able to bring both dogs, charged for 1 visit(realize a year later this wasn't a courtesy, this was their error) plus shots and meds.     Price were high, Vets are the best. No matter which vet I have met or have used they are all 100% professional and animal lovers. You would be surprised who aren't in this state.     Boarding services, shots, meds, special care and even exotic animal care - we found a stray domestic rabbit, go figure.
Ahwatukee Animal Hospital has been our vet of choice for more than 15 years.  I can't imagine taking my dogs anywhere else.  The care has always been excellent, even through several major medical crises, including one dog with cancer.  The vets and staff are wonderful and caring.
I've had a few dogs treated here at Ahwatukee Animal Care Hospital from everything to ACL surgery to annual check ups for years. But my most recent visit proved to me once again why I keep coming back.     My girlfriend's dog was 13 and had not been seen by the care hospital before but on this particular morning he had taken a turn for the worse and needed to be evaluated and diagnosed. Our main concern was that he might need to be put down in order to end his suffering.    I called the care hospital as soon as they opened at 8 and they were able to see the dog at 9:15. Right away, they weighed our dog and got him a room. The admin staff, the techs and the vet were all very attentive, understanding, and kind. They were honest without being rude and never rushed us or pushed to influence a particular decision.     In a time when emotions can run high it's nice to know vets like the care hospital are professional and caring.     I'm going to continue to take my other old dog to the care hospital. I want them to be familiar with her when she has to pass on. But I take comfort in the fact that I can rely on her vet to take care of her and handle the important moments.
Been my vet for 12 years, caring and professional. Doc Baumler and the crew are top shelf.  Recently had another positive experience as my elder dog developed an infection and was very bad off....  Doc B correctly diagnosed a difficult case, and prescribed the right stuff to get him back on track.  In addition, he's called several times to make sure everything is OK.
Just a note, I recently lost my old dog, and Doc Baumler and staff went out of their way to make the process as dignified and easy as possible.  This is the second time over the years that they've been there for us.  Just the best vet in the area.  I highly recommend them.
I have an extensive series of interactions with this clinic and there hasn't been a time where I haven't been pleased with the service.    Initially our dog had some serious issues after we got him from the shelter. We wound up having to go through chemotherapeutic treatments with the doctor. Dr. Mackenzie was incredibly helpful. The oncologist in Gilbert was going to charge us roughly 500 dollars per treatment over a prolonged course and Dr. Mackenzie offered to do the same treatment for significantly less. Over a 9 treatment course this was incredibly expensive. I don't feel as though we were nickled and dimed and I felt like the quality of care from the support staff and the veterinarians was top-notch.    Our most recent check up, shots and skin work-up cost ~$160, which is somewhat costly, but I truly value their expertise and care.  I would highly recommend this business to all pet owners.
Great service, great vets with great personalities...brought my 2 dogs there for senior checkups. I have been going to another practice and I was not happy with the service. Foothills service is excellent and I will be going there for now on. They do not push anything on you there and do not do any un-needed tests. They cleaned my dogs teeth really good. I wish they were open 24 hours for emergency services.
My boyfriend and I recently took our new 11 week old Shih Tzu here to get her 2nd set of shots and we both were kind of nervous. That completely changed once we were greeted by their friendly staff!    They coo'ed over our puppy and took her in back to show to all of the vet techs and it was so apparent that they care a lot about the pets they see and their owners. Also everyone that came in or left while we were waiting were treated so genuinely, almost like everyone that came in was a close friend.    Once we entered the exam room they knowledgeably answered all of our questions an then some! They offered advice and when I asked our vet tech if our puppys nails were getting long she said yes, then went into the back and got nail clippers, and while clipping our puppys nails she taught us how to do it for future references!  We saw Dr.Johnson and she was wonderful and  she thoroughly explained all of the shots she got that day and the ones she would be getting in the future.    This place is nothing short of amazing and if you're looking for a new vet  I would go to Foothills Animal Hospital in a heartbeat!
I love all the staff here. They really care about you and your dog. I will continue to bring my dog and future dogs here for every problem they have. My czech german shepherd is very protective of us and they take precaution with him and take him to the back room to prevent any of that. My dog a couple months ago was at the vet for some minor limping, then took him back the next month because he was still having the problem. They gave me an xray and sedative quote incase I needed to have it done, and even called to check and see how he was doing. =) THANK YOU! I trust all the vets this is a great establishment. I do not prefer one vet over the other I think they are all simply amazing.
I've been taking my puppy to this place for over 7 months now.  I spent a lot of time researching options before choosing them and am so happy with my choice!  We typically see Dr Jennifer Johnson and she is kind, funny and smart.  We also saw Dr MacKenzie once and he was great, too.  Plus, each person on their staff, from the assistants to the front desk, has been helpful and nice.  Love everything about them :)
I finally found a veterinarian that really cares about the animals they treat.  I had to take my little dog in because of bad allergies and he had scratched his face so much it was bleeding.  The took such good care of him and talked to me about all the possibilities and wasn't just trying to rack up the bill with unnecessary tests.  He sent us home with a tube of cream and a 'lamp shade" to put around his face.  Then the doc called the next day to see how he was doing?  WHAT????  He called me to see how my dog is doing?  Unbelievable!  I took him back for a follow up and I'm happy to report he's doing very well and is back to his playful self.  Nice, friendly, professional staff...caring doctors.  I LOVE THIS PLACE!   P.S.  Dr's are cute too!
I was sooooo happy with my experience at this vet. First off they are open 7 days a week and they do payment plans. My puppy just got really sick and I needed to take her in and am short on cash so that is why I took her there. I did not have any high expectations, but just wanted to know what was going on with her. It ends up she has parvo and Dr. Barnard and the vet tech (forgot her name, but wish i could mention her on here) were extremely thorough, took extra time to give me detailed instructions for at-home care, did not pressure me into trying to do anything out of my price range, and were just amazing. I am used to vets that push me to spend extra every time I go even when I tell them I can barely afford what I am there for, and having half-hearted service. This was not the case here!!!
I always have a warm and fuzzy feeling at Dobson Ranch Animal Hospital. I feel like the techs and doctors truly care about me and my dog and he is always given the attention needed. I never feel rushed there nor do I feel like I am waiting too long. They also have a groomer there which is very convenient. I never feel like they overcharge or try to push services. They are very honest and will tell you what options you have.    It's also very easy to schedule an appointment and they have very accommodating hours, and the reception staff is always so bubbly on the phone and in person. I found this place when I was new to town and my last dog was getting sick and I did not have a vet here yet, and I'm glad I found them and I will always go back to them.
This place has been fantastic! What a perfect find. Being newer to the Valley, finding a vet I can trust that treats me and my pup right is important! From the minute I called to schedule a new patient appointment, I could tell that I was going to receive fantastic service. My wellness visit being a new patient was 1/2 off for first one, and I met with Dr. Graham. He has been a fantastic vet to have so far! I was reluctant to get my dog spayed, unsure if it was the right thing. Haven't found a place I was comfortable with the vet, and the price. Luckily if its needed, Dobson Ranch is more than happy to make payment accomidations. Never throughout my appointments have I felt pressured into things I don't need, or treated rudely if I refused certain vaccinations. Another cool thing, they set up this site called Petly, which is online and allows you to monitor all of your pets vaccinations, next appointment dates etc online. Pretty nifty. Finally made the decision to have my girl spayed. First time I've ever had a pet go through this surgery and had to deal with post-surgical care. Dr. Graham met with me about 4 days after cause I had concerns and they immediately got me in and didn't charge me extra to check up on it. Everything is going great and will be going in for the final follow-up appointment next week! Would highly recommend them for anyone!
The techs and Dr was very caring and kind. We got right in and didn't feel rushed. Even though my dog was acting like she felt better when we got there I didn't feel like they didn't believe me she was not feeling well. Dr was very gentle and thorough. I didn't feel like I was over charged or sold anything we didn't need. No up selling.
my first visit with DR Bernard I felt so great. I had no idea they had payment arrangements and the condition my dog was in would have cost me an arm and a leg. he gave me options and even put the follow-up visit on my payment arrangement since that do not adjust payment arrangements. my dog is doing great. BUT I went back for the follow-up visit and didn't feel the same, it was a different DR I will leave it at that. When i was going to leave the lady at the front desk argued with me about me paying for the 2 minute visit. even after explaining to her what dr Bernard had done with the follow up office visit, instead of investigating the situation and looking at my record she proceeded to say "no you only paid for the first visit so todays visit is $$"  5 minutes later she said " oh i do see that he put it on your arrangement. i felt she was not going to let me leave unless i paid for that office visit lol. anyways love dr Bernard. and will only make appointments when he is here.
A good friend had a dog that required surgery and the doctors sent the dog home right after the operation. No antibiotics, no how-to-care-for-at-home instructions. The dog was leaking through his stitches and got an infection. She had to take the dog to another vet, plus another huge bill.  DON'T bother here. My friend's dog almost died and she still has to pay this place.
I've been taking my 2 english bulldogs to Alma School Animal Hospital for about 4 years.  In fact, my boy was born here, delivered via C-section.  They have been great with the care of my dogs.  And they are experts when it comes to the bully breed.  If you have a bulldog, make sure to take them to Alma School Animal Hospital.  They have the friendliest staff and I feel very confident with their care.  Thank you Dr, Junger and Dr. Christian for always taking great care of my pups.
Great place! They have special knowledge with English bulldogs which is an added bonus!
We have been using Alma Animal for 10 years. We have always been able to get same day appointments. They have a large English Bulldog clientele, and they are very knowledgable on this breed. Dr. Junger, Vet techs, and front desk staff are all wonderful!
This place must have really turned around!  I see Dr. Wright and he is absolutely amazing!! I read the reviews that they may charge $$$$ for services, but you have to AGREE to do them and sign an estimate before they proceed! Medicine is expensive, get over it! Everything can't be diagnosed on physical exam alone.  What Ii have noticed is that it's cheaper to do the Wellness plan here than any other vet I have called!  Oh, and my dog loves Dr. Wright!!!
I have taken all four of my dogs here.     When my puppy drowned they did let us switch the plan over to the one I got a couple months later after grieving.... That was kind.    However:  The wellness plans are garbage and I regret buying one for each one of my 4 dogs. I found a place to get vaccinations cheaper. That's all you get... Vaccinations and if you pay more the neuter spay. All for 300+ dollars when a local neuter clinic will do it for 30.    They had me as a loyal customer, but I'm pretty upset with the service. Next time I will take my new dog elsewhere.
The prices and care delivered at this Spay & Neuter clinic are acceptable. However, I didn't like how the vet tried to sell me on services I clearly didn't need. For example, she tried to convince me to have my dog's nails clipped when I had just clipped them 2 days ago myself. I far prefer the Spay & Neuter clinic in Tempe. Everything that's good about this clinic is good over there, but they're more professional. I gave the clinic in Tempe 5 stars.
I have yet to go to this vet but I just scheduled my appt for my 5 mo old female Pitbull.... The reason I am leaving this review now is because everyone seems to complain about the vets trying to sale them things... WELL THINK ABOUT IT - your getting your dog spayed/neutered for dirt cheap compared to other vets.... They are making hardly any money, makes sense to me that they try to get people to buy more... If you had a business selling things for much cheaper than others wouldn't you aim to sale packages and extra products... COME ON... They are doing nothing wrong... Simply say no and get over it... Gees..    I WILL MAKE ANOTHER REVIEW AFTER MY PUPPY'S APPOINTMENT SOON.!
You definitely get what you pay for. I took everyone's advice and showed up to get my puppies vaccinated at 5:45 a.m.This part was actually the best part of my whole experience seeing as I was first in line. I had to take my 4 young kids with me because my husband works very early in the morning. The clinic opened at 6:15 and we really didn't have to wait very long to be seen. As soon as I was taken back I was promptly told that my children could not touch anything or move around at all. ok, fair enough. I wasn't planning on letting them trash the place. Then the dr commented on the fact that I should have brought four more leashes. I want to mention that my kids were doing absloutly nothing wrong. They were honest to goodness just standing there. My daughter mentioned that they were mainly out door dogs. The dr snapped at me asking why we even had dogs. I assured her they were inside quite a bit as well. Then I mentioned she seemed crabby. She apologized ( kind of) and said she just wasn't used to children. Well, welcome to the public lady. Kids are a part of life.     I asked a question about the frequency of the shots and she looked at me like I was an idiot and said she had just told me the answer. obviously not well enough because I was still confused.     Over all the price is right and if you get there by 5:45 the wait is not so bad. But the customer service is awful. I will not be going back.
This place is a specialty clinic. They know what they are doing and do the same thing everyday. Get there early. All dogs are checked in and front door is closed before all surgeries are conducted. I dropped him off 7 am. Picked him up 3-4 pm. My dog recovered successfully the next day was like it never even happened. Have faith in the process if you need a low cost solution. Out experience was perfect as so was the cost.
This place is pretty good. It's gets crowded but it's moves. Went there to get a shots for my pitbull. Quick and good customer service. Price for the shots is pretty cheap. I would that my other dogs here. Today was my first visit. The early you go the early you finished. It's a first come, first serve basis. It's not too bad. Very good.
Love this clinic!  It is affordable and they've done well with spaying my dog and I've gone back for her shots. Only $37 fir shots. There is a line but it moves quickly. The hispanic front desk assistant is great. He's respectful, bilingual, and gets people in and out quickly making his job look easy. My dog healed quickly and if you want a cone for your pet, just ask. I forgot exactly but I believe I paid around $80 for her to get fixed. Get there early! Door opens at 6:15am
Don't let the discount price fool you,  this place is top notch.   After my visit here to get our new puppy spayed,  I was very happy with the end result.  The people were nice and friendly,  and I'm not just talking about the Vet and staff, I  am talking about about the customers waiting with you in the lobby.   That's because the only problem with this clinic is the 90 minute or more wait to see the vet and get a mini check up on your pet,  and everyone in there is in the same boat.   We all talked about our pets and exchanged stories (and even held and petted each others pets) to pass the time.       Of course,  once it was my turn and i got my time with the vet,  she was very thorough and friendly and really made me feel like my puppy was in good hands.  The operation went smoothly,  she was back to running around and playing like crazy within 24 hours.   I highly recommend this place,  for both the price and quality of service.
Our dog Gidget was crying in the middle of the night and didn't know what was wrong so we looked up this place cause it was right across the street from us and went. No one was there so we got right in and the staff was very nice and professional. We were in and out in an hour and Gidget was feeling doing fine. This place is open 24/7 and is for sure where we will always go for our emergency vet needs.
I've had to bring two of my dogs to 1st Emergency Pet Care hospital several times and cannot recommend it highly enough.  Two of the times the dogs each had to stay for a few days.  I received regular calls from the vets to let me know how they were doing and was encouraged to call and drop by anytime to visit my dogs without needing an appointment.  One of my dogs had to go there for a severe ear infection when my regular vet was closed and another time for acute pancreatitis (which was life-threatening) after eating some tainted Chinese dog jerky.  My other dog was bleeding to death after routine neutering and it was discovered he has hemophilia, necessitating blood transfusions.  I believe both of my sweet dogs are alive today because of this facility.  Compassion and excellent follow up is the norm here.  The nighttime receptionist is especially nice and very concerned.  Highly recommend.
I had to take both my dogs in on Christmas morning after a fight the night before. Once we woke up, things looked worse than we originally thought. They gave us a couple quotes (high & low) so we didn't need to spend extra on needless x-rays. Cleaned the boys up and explained why they didn't want to surgically close a couple of the superficial wounds. They treated my wife and I with respect and understanding, no ill judgement. We did have to wait awhile before they provided us the meds/scripts. Thank you for being open on the holiday and helping us take care of our four-legged family members.
I found my dog, Quincy, at the PRAH.  He was one of their rescued puppies.  He loved the staff and is one of the most confident dogs I've ever met.  He was obviously treated extremely well by their staff!  I could especially tell they really loved their patients/animals because I was screened to see if I was a good fit for him and when we left they were all sad to see him go.  Plus for a mere $300 that we paid we got our wonderful Quincy, neutered, microchipped and all his shots done. I would recommend PRAH to anyone in the area near or far.
Very happy with the service I receive here. This is our 3rd visit in 4 months with 3 different dogs, lol!    Very nice, friendly, clean office.     Would like to see some more clinic prices, especially for routine stuff.     Very happy and hope to do business for a long time here.
The service was great and friendly, and can't complain.However, Over the phone the office told me that the price for all vaccinations for my puppy would be around $120 for all 3 shots. Upon checkout, to my surprise we see that the cost is $114 for each visit for a $356 grand total. That is not ethical business, and we will find a place that is more honest about their pricing.
This is a great place for all of your veterinary care. Exceptional staff  who are caring , compassionate and helpful. My dogs have been been well taken of care from simple exams to more advanced treatments for my senior dog "Tails". The Vets genuinely love and care for your pets and take time to listen to your concerns. Drs. Betsy King and Sarah Robinson are very up to date with current technolgy and health trends for your pets.A great 5 star facility with a touch of kindness.I have met people in the waiting area who travel hours  from other cities to bring their pets to Power Animal for the great care.And they have told me " it's worth the drive".
This place is awesome! I was recommended here by a family member and couldn't be happier. I am my dogs parent and I do everything to keep them healthy and safe. Shot on time, extras if needed, etc... This place has never pushed anything that was not needed. I have even had phone conversations with the vet, that allowed me to treat without heading into the office. Yes, I respect my dogs and the vets their, and they do the same for good owners. Debbie and Jordan in the boarding are amazing! All the front office girls are amazing, the vets are amazing! I wish I could name everyone, but they know who they are. My puppies Leona and Oreo love heading over and I would never hesitate at anything they recommended, as I know they have the best interest of my pets in mind! Great Great Staff, professional clean, respectful and vauable!
Dr Darger, Kristy, and his entire staff are the absolute best! They go above and beyond, he'll call you and "counsel" you over the phone, he doesn't require you making unnecessary trips if he can give you advice over the phone and has even had prescriptions called in for me to avoid me having to bring them in for an office visit. Kristy also takes calls and gives recommendations. They definitely care and don't just immediately tell you that you need an office visit if it isn't necessary. Dr Darger's energy is contagious, he LOVES animals, and I am confident my dogs have the very best care out there. They also get you in last minute if you have an emergency situation. They MAKE the time. They truly want what is best for your furry baby. I would drive a great distance if necessary to stay with this vet because I have the utmost confidence and respect for them.
We just added our 3rd pug, a puppy to our family.  This is our 4th dog.  We had been taking our "pack" to another vet, but lately had not been happy.  Found BFAH when driving to our local market and gave them a call.  Needed to take the puppy for 2nd shots, initial exam and fecal exam.  When I phoned, staff was very helpful and knowledgeable.  Gave me pricing over the phone which turned out to be $40 less than our current vet!  Had appointments available to fit my scheduling needs.    Could not have been happier!  Staff very courteous, friendly.  Office odor-free and clean.  Dr. Cohen extremely friendly and gentle with our little guy!  Took all the time we needed and never made us feel rushed.  Answered all our questions thoroughly and honestly.      Will be transferring all our other pets charts to BFAH!
The puppy needed to be spayed, so we went to Best Friends Animal Hospital.   Called prior to, was informed about the procedure (they only do spays on Mondays), pre-operation checkup needed ($35), and needing meds for after the operation (price depends on the size of your dog). They also give you a reminder call a day or two prior to your appointment.  Price-wise, everything that was quoted is what I paid.   Marleau (my puppy) was ready to go just after 1pm (she got dropped off around 8am). A little groggy, but everything went well. Everyone in the office is really nice, the vet is direct, nobody tries to sell you anything you don't need, and there's no preaching about anything. Bonus: nail trim with the spay!  Took a few days, but Marleau is back to being her typical puppy self. No issues with the surgery and no problems thereafter!
This hospital can't be beat!  I stopped by one day because I knew I was going to be getting new pet and since Iive close to this veterinary practice, I thought it would be a great place to start.  The girl at the front desk was as sweet as could be.  She gave me tons of information about vaccines and deworming and spaying my puppy, and even gave me a puppy pack and lots of handouts.  I spent about 15 minutes there and didn't even spend a dime to get all of the stuff.  When I went in for my puppy's check up, the doctor was great.  She spent alot of time answering my questions.  I really felt like my pet was really important to them.  They had the assistant hold for the shots, which was really great because I am afraid of needles.  And I was really suprised that my baby didn't even flinch!  All of the staff were female, and I felt so comfortable both times I visited.  I will be going back for her boosters in a week, and I am going to have her microchipped (they are having a great special), and I will also be getting her spayed there.  It was such a great comfortable experience, I would highly recommend them!
I took my miniature Dachshund, Spottie, who is ten years old, for a check-up. I had the United Pet Care policy for him and as a result it was not as expensive. He got his distemper vaccine, and a overall check-up. I love the diagnostics this clinic gives. They give you a printout and very detailed explanation of each "issue" your little critter has. They give you options and are less expensive than other veterinarians in the Mesa area. I found it funny that my little dog is somewhat snappy and he hated the doctor but loved the vet techs.
Paws is great! We've been going to them ever since they had their office on Mesa Dr. We have two small dogs and one has been there for surgery, and the other for treatment for valley fever. They both have had their teeth cleaned at Paws. Dr. Wendy is amazing and very friendly.
I can't say enough about the staff here.  We had an emergency with one of our dogs and I had called to see if I could get her in right away.  They told me to bring her ASAP.  When I got there, I only waited about 3 minutes when they got me in.  They explained everything that they wanted to do and let us choose the path we wanted to take.  After it was all said and done that day we had another appointment for the following day.  When we were in the waiting room the vet walked by and saw us sitting there and came into the waiting room to see how she was doing.  She sat with us and talked for a few minutes and then we had our appointment.  I really can't say enough about how nice they were.
Took one of my dogs here very friendly and courteous staff!! Was seen promptly my dog was treated very nicely and I love that since I consider my dogs my kids!!! Lol !!! No but seriously I will be taking the rest of my dogs here in the future!!! SMALL ANIMAL CLINIC is Way better than Casa grande animal hospital!! Staff is truthful and honest and NOT MONEY HUNGRY!!!
I have lived in the east valley since 1980. I have had a few dogs and a few vets. First Regional is the best. Dr. Joyner who treats Brandy has been honest and caring. Brandy has a lot of medical problems and is my best friend. Heart, thyroid, kidney and now doggy dementia. He has been right on with all of her problems and treatments. Brandy turned 18 last December and is still with me. Dr. Joyner makes sure I understand what is going on with her and how treat her symptoms. Knowing what I know now I know my other dogs were miss diagnosed and were put down before their time. Thank you Dr. Joyner, you are awesome!
I hope you'll never find yourself in a situation which would require the services of an animal hospital, but if so, let me highly recommend First Regional.    Two weeks ago, we suddenly and unexpectedly lost our special little boy Roman.  It was quite devastating to lose such a happy and loving dog who had been part of our family for the last six years.    Grief aside, my wife and I wanted to schedule an autopsy in order to find out what happened.  We found out the body needed to be chilled in order to have one performed.    We were recommended to FRAH, who provided us this service for FREE.  As we walked in the side door with our Roman, who was wrapped in a baby blue blanket, we were offered a private room so we could grieve in private.  I'm sure it made the others in the waiting room more comfortable as well.    The staff here is very compassionate.  Contrived empathy is pretty transparent, so I know the people who spoke with us that night related with our heartbreak.  We received several hugs from staff members, and words of encouragement.    Our pup was treated with the utmost respect, and when we picked him up, they had laid him in an unassuming sealed white cardboard coffin.    And two weeks later, a memorial paw print was delivered to our residence.  It will serve as a reminder of the kindness we were shown at FRAH.
So I had to take my pug here last night cause he decided to eat chocolate, the first front desk lady that helped me was super nice.  Vet tech and vet were awesome and very helpful.  They explained to me how to give him the charcoal when I got home for the rest of his treatment.    My Issue with this place was the lady that was helping me check out when I was trying to leave.  She was condescending and rude... she was all 'well maybe you shouldnt let your dog get into chocolate then you wouldnt have to bring him here"  UMMM no shit lady, yes it was my plan in life to give my dog chocolate so we had to take him to the emergency room at 1130... I really wanted to spend 300$ on my dog! Ahhh!   Other than that one front desk girl that seems to hate her life they were awesome here.
I had to call here today cause I had a question about my pug... he's been a little sick poor guy.  Anyways the lady promptly got me a vet tech on the phone.  She was very helpful.  She didn't tell me to rush my dog in like some places would do.  She gave me a lot of tips and signs on when I would need to actually bring him into the vet.  Thanks for the comfort and help guys!
Our German Shepard got a hemotoma in his ear.  It's basically blood filling his ear flap.  We took him here because it's the closest vet to our home.  As far as the visit itself, it was average.  The only treatment they did was to drain the blood with a needle.  No big deal, figured ok, issue resolved, keep pressure on it and it will eventually heal.  WRONG!  After doing some research online and calling other vets, what they did was basically pointless, the ear is filling back up with blood and the issue will have to be fixed with surgery in order to resolve it permanently.  Guess what this POINTLESS treatment cost...$400!!!!  The exam itself was $75 and a flippin' bandage was $53!!  We are FURIOUS!!  Not only did they do nothing to solve the issue, they completely took advantage of us in our worry for our dog.  We have called for quotes for the actual surgery that will resolve the hemotoma to several other vets in the area and the surgery will actually be less expensive than what these ridiculous people charged us for doing jack-sh!t.  Oh!  And when we called them to tell them the hematoma came back they wanted to charge us $40 for the follow-up.  If you have any concern for finances, DO NOT GO HERE!
Took my beloved Golden Retriever in late on a Sunday night, something just wasn't right.  Diagnosed a collapsed lung.  After three nights in the hospital and surgery to remove one of her lung lobes, I picked my dog up on Wednesday with that exuberant greeting.  What can I say, they saved her life.
I unfortunately needed to bring my dog to the EAC yesterday morning.  She was having labored breathing.  They were able to take her in right away which I appreciated very much.  The young lady at the front desk was kind and updated me periodically.    Dr. Tessarov, however, really needs to work on his bedside manner.  He was initially concerned about congestive heart failure but also thought noncardiogenic pulmonary edema could be the cause for her distress.  He advised hospitalizing her and keeping her on oxygen which was going to be very expensive.  I fully understood the severity of her condition but wanted to speak to my veterinarian first and when I told him that I was going to take my dog with me he looked at me point blank and said if you do nothing your dog will die.  I work in the veterinary field and was angered by just how rude and insensitive he was.  I didn't appreciate being made to feel as though I was a terrible person for making the decision I did.  That being said, my veterinarian was kind enough to meet me on Easter Sunday and we made a treatment plan for my girl.  She IS still alive and we have an appointment today with a cardiologist.    I really hope I don't have to make another trip to the EAC anytime soon but if I do I will certainly look for any other place but this one.
First of all I hope that nobody needs to see an emergency vet.  We had a brand new puppy, he wasn't feeling well and we took him in.  They were straight forward with us, explained what the treatment options were and the costs and risks associated with all of them.  We decided to hospitalize him and go for the full treatment as we had just lost a family dog and couldn't risk any additional heartbreak.  1st pet was fantastic, they updated us regularly, patiently answered our many questions and took care of our pup as if he were theirs.    Trust them to help you in a very scary time, it worked for us!
Three and a half hours and nearly $500 later, I brought my puppy home in worse shape than when I had taken her in. They had put her "in the back" in a kennel and either allowed her or didn't care to notice her pawing at the kennel door to the point that she mangled her dew claw. So after bringing her in to be treated for a seizure and vomiting, we left with no better understanding of or treatment for those issues, with the added bonus of a huge cast-looking bandage job covering her whole front paw and half the leg. Really? I had to pay close to $500 for her to sustain an injury under their care and to receive absolutely no resolution of the issues we went in for? Yep. Thanks for nothing.
I have been bringing my pet here for 10 years.They know me and my dog by name. They have always taken time to answer even the silliest questions I have. I cannot even begin to calculate the amount of money the wellness plan saves me for healthcare for my dog. They have a caring staff and provide great quality care. I wouldn't take my dog anywhere else
There are not enough good things I can say about family vet care in Chandler!! Dr Wodiske is a truly amazing vet and surgeon. My yorkie puppy has had a couple major medical issues since I got her and he not only saved her life but treated me with such care and compassion I felt like a member of his family. He is always available for questions and follows up with all concerns no matter how trivial. I cannot imagine taking my pet to anyone else. All of the office staff is extremely professional and kind as well. Every person I have met in this office has gone above and beyond in meeting my needs and providing quality and compassionate care. I recommend this office to everyone I know. In my opinion my pet could not be in better hands!!!
Transferring to another vet!!  This is the second time we have been to this doctor and they have insisted on running tests that were not needed just to charge more money.  I requested to have my dog be given medicine for two weeks for what I believed was a simple infection - doctor refused and said a biopsy was needed.  Now, had the medicine not worked I would have brought my dog back for a biopsy but since the doctor refused we paid 220.00 and guess what - a simple infection that we were given antibiotic for!  This is not the first time and I have heard other similar stories from others of the nonsense charges and testings they do!  There are plenty other GOOD Vets in the area!
Trustworthy place to take your pets! I will only trust my pet with Family VetCare, plus Dr. Wodiske always takes extra time to make sure all questions are answered. He even personally called after my dog had a procedure to let me know how it went and how my dog was doing post-procedure!
I had to find a vet to vaccinate my 9 week old puppy.  I needed a vet that allowed walk-ins and Family Vetcare was one of the few in my area that did.  Walking in the place was very clean and organized very well, I like how you leave out a separate door when you are done with your appointment so you don't have to walk past anyone who may be waiting.    You could tell the entire staff really cared about animals and Annette Majoue was extremely nice and caring.  Pancake got plenty of treats and a chewy for her visit.  They also gave me a discount on my bill and a free nail clipping, which was a welcome surprise.    I'll be taking my dog here for many years to come.
My family and I have always had great vets and vet techs here! It is so important to me that I take my dog somewhere safe and where they truly care about her well being. They have gone over and beyond for us before. They always give a follow up call. I call in with random questions sometimes and the ladies at the front are professional and helpful.     Highly recommend! 5 stars!
Since I have moved to Gilbert 4 years ago, I have had a TERRIBLE time finding good health care providers including a vet!    Well I finally found a great vet!  I keep saying this in my reviews, but I work in customer service and to me it is so important to  feel like your service providers care about you and your family, and like most of us that own dogs, they are my babies!  I'm greeted by a friendly staff member each time I have been there and each time I have called.  Dr. Simms is pleasant and super helpful.  When I have brought my puppy in they we are so friendly and loving towards her as well.  We decided to go ahead and have her spay done there and she has a parasite, from the pet store we bought her from, so we have had to see them a little more than just your typical well puppy exam.  They have been so great to work with and Dr. Simms has called personally to check on her after her surgery.  This says a lot to me about how this practice is ran.   It is a little bit of a drive for us, and they offered to see us in their Gilbert office, but... nope I'm good where I'm at!  Thank you everyone at Family Vet Care of Chandler!
I lived in the area for several years, and took my dogs here for check ups, teeth cleanings, and when my dogs were sick/hurt.  I always got in quickly, Dr. Wood is fantastic with animals, they don't run tests that aren't needed, and their prices are cheaper than any place I have found in the valley.  The waiting room is very small, but what do you expect in a small town?  I couldn't care less about that.  The important things are "do I trust you to take care of my furbabies?"  The answer is ABSOLUTELY!  They have taken such good care of my boys every time I have gone there.  I wouldn't hesitate to take my guys back there if I ever moved back to the area.
EEEK! My poor doggie went in for a tail amputation and came back with a HUGE hemotoma on his neck. they say that he was really hyper and they needed to draw blood and had a tough time...that's not acceptable he could have been given a sedative especially if he was going to receive anesthesia anyways for the surgery! AND i requested that his teeth be cleaned, but when we picked him up they didn't do it because they said he didn't have any plaque build up I DON'T CARE what THEIR OPINION is...I asked for a service to be done and they did not do it. The tail looks good although the wrap came off about 2 hours after he got home (which it shouldn't have). overall i guess its a convenient place if you live in town and don't have much time for travel but i would NOT recommend it. you would think a good Vet would know how to handle hyper, happy animals without causing them pain and stress.....soo its a day later and i find out from my husband that they originally charged him for the teeth cleaning when he went to pay and when he asked what they did they went to get the vet and only then did the vet say the cleaning was never done SOOO if my husband had never asked to talk to the vet then we would have been charged for a service that was not performed. NOT HAPPY!
Our dog has major allergy problems and we had no clue how to help him so we switched clinics (our last doctor wouldn't even address the issue). The minute the tech started explaining allergies and solutions... we loved it. Then we met Dr. Roche..... Even Better!!!! This is the place for us. Never changing.
TURNED AWAY MY INJURED DOG WHO WAS VISIBLY BLEEDING AT 5:40 PM BECAUSE IT WAS TOO CLOSE TO CLOSING TIME!!  I walked in with my bleeding dog in hand at approximately 5:40 and was told by a young girl at the front desk hat she did not know if they would see my dog since it was so close to closing time; but before she walked away she mentioned that if they did see my dog there would be an emergency fee attached to the service.  Not one did she ask about the well being of my animal or why she was bleeding from her chest!  I let her know that I could care less about the money (I was not in my usual work attire so I am sure they thought the could deter me by saying it was going to be expensive!)  About a minute later someone else came out and said that it was best to take my dog to the animal hospital because she may need surgery. . . . Not once did she look at my dog, assess the would, or care long enough to hear what happened to her. . . Keep in mind at this point my hands are covered in my dog's blood.  She came out to tell me to take her somewhere else we all want to go home even though the sign on the door says we are open tip 6 PM.  I mentioned that I knew she was brushing me off that what she was doing was wrong (another patron in the waiting room was shaking her head in agreement with me when this happened) and walked out of the clinic to rush my dog to the emergency room.  At the hospital the wound was washed and it was clear that it was superficial and nothing to worry about; no x ray needed, no surgery,  nothing out of the ordinary; any vet could have determined that.       I am strongly encouraging all of my neighbors in Sonoma Ranch to not use this clinic; no compassion at all and not to mention terrible business ethics.  What if my dog didn't have 15 extra minutes to live?  I brought her there since it was closest and like any parent we love and worry about these animals.  This experience was so strong that I started this account and will continue to send my story to any media that will listen in an attempt to influence change. . . . . Without change someone might lose their best friend to this place.
I have always been very pleased with this vet.  I have been taking my 1st dog Bubba Gump to them since I've had him.  I got a 2nd dog Chico and took him in for the first time today, everything went great, he had a broke toenail and they fixed him up, put in a microchip and did his heartworm.  My only complaint is I asked about a 20% coupon for first visit on all new clients.  This coupon was rejected since I've been there before.  Personally I would think my PET was the new client and the coupon would have applied.  I don't go to the bet for me, it's for my pets hence he was a new client.  Would have been nice to save the money on the $354 bill.  Otherwise I have no complaints.
I have always had a great experiences here especially with Dr. Little. I've been coming here for 10 years {since we moved to the valley} Dr Little has always been very caring and understanding. She has always given us estimates of work that is needed and even gave us a list of what she would do first so we could better budget when our dog became ill. She seems to truly understand that our dog is a member of our family.    I would also like to add that all of the support staff {office and techs}have also been very friendly and caring during our visits.     I would hate to have to take my beloved dog anywhere else.
Complete snobby attitude. Got our puppy from the pound and decided since we live right across the street to give them a shot. The girl was rude and discourteous. Blonde girl. Said they were overbooked when there was no sign of life anywhere in the clinic or out in the parking lot. I'll keep my business elsewhere.
I've taken my dog to this clinic a couple of times and we love it.  Clean, supportive environment.  The staff is wonderful, so this is our "go to" clinic.
First I want to say that pet dentistry is expensive, very expensive.    Everyone at Dr Visser's office is very friendly and professional.  I felt comfortable with the prognosis & suggested treatment, confident that every precaution was taken while our little dog was under and thrilled with the results.    Still can't believe how much it all cost.
The best clinic I have ever been to, and will continue to go to. They helped me save my puppy Moose from that awful parvovirus. They care, plain and simple. They even came in on a Sunday (superbowl Sunday) to administer an IV for Moose. Very, very cheap pricing too. If I could give them a better review I would.
Absolutely the BEST veterinary clinic!!  We normally take our dogs to another vet because it's closer to our house...but Dr. Soltero and the entire staff are SO worth the drive!!  Phelony got her TPLO done here and is doing great and then Brody had a blockage in his stomach that Dr. Michael Soltero diagnosed and removed the same day.  Everyone genuinely cares about our dogs and us as well...their prices are beyond reasonable!
My pets have been visiting this clinic for 5 years now and I would not take them anywhere else!  Dr's. Soltero and Ketchmark are all wonderful doctors who really care for animals of all kinds.  They recommended I visit PETCO for Deli Fresh food and my dogs are in heaven and healthier than ever!
I should have written this review years ago but just never thought of it. I've been taking my German shepherd there for 13+ years (I just had to put her down). I wouldn't go to another vet, I moved 20 min away and never even considered going to someone else. Dr. Soltero and Ketchmark, are fabulous vets, they don't do unnecessary tests or nickel & dime you to death. Dr. Soltero is the best diagnostician I've ever seen and they, including the staff, truly cares about the animals. Dr. Soltero is a big supporter of the raw food diet and because of him recommending it to me, my Chloe lived a very long and healthy life of 13 1/2 years. When I adopt a new dog I will for sure be bringing her/him in.   NSimonson
Dr Ketchmark is amazing! He really cares and loves animals! When I was going through losing my dog he was there for me and he even gave me his personal cell number to call them at anytime! His knowledge caring and kindness made the process so much less painful. Now that I have a new job I will continue going to him because he is the best that I have ever known!
I've taken my dogs to see doctor Ketchmark twice and he seems like a really nice guy, but on both occasions I've had to wait more than half an hour despite having an appointment and the office staff seems rather disorganized.
My dog Marley have seen the doctors for about 4 years as needed and for shots. Marley is crazy  he hates the vet office and is truly scared. Its really sad. Ever since he was young he didnt like our old vet. Every time I say he needs to be muzzled( he is a diff dog at the vet and its sad). Every time they try to show him love and w/o a muzzle. They seriously go out of their way to love on him and show them they aren't going to hurt him, which in my eyes means more than anything to me! They are all amazing and always seem to care. From the ladies at the desk  to the vet techs, they are all sweet! From start to finish I really love them! We just got a new dog and he seen the new(er) vet Dr. Estosito who I love more then Dr. Ketchmark. He is amazing and my little Ralphie loves him. He is content and let him do whatever he needed to as a new dog check up and shots! I brought Marley in for a shot and he saw Dr. Estosito and didnt even get that upset. He gave him his shot without much action and we went home. I love that the doctor calmed him with his calm personality. Great Office. Like one of the other girls said, when Marley was really sick Dr. Ketchmark gave me his personal cell # to reach him, if I had any questions and I had to call him. He answered and helped me  get thru it. I never heard of a vet give out his number. They truly care about their patients! :)     I learned my lesson by bringing my new pup to another vet to be neutered and will NEVER again go elsewhere again. Big mistake :(    *The only negative thing I have to say, its seems like I am always in the waiting room for 20-30 minutes. One time for 1 hour and I left. I understand things happen, emergencies and what not, but wish the appointments were a little more spaced apart. They do however never say no if you have an emergency appointment so I cant fault them too much. That is why they get a 5 out of 5
This place is around the corner from my house, so after reading all the positive reviews, I really wanted to bring my newly-rescued pup here.     Unfortunately, I can't review the office itself because I can't seem to get anyone to take the time to schedule an appointment for me. Perhaps they have become too busy as a result of all the positive feedback here...    In the past several weeks, I have called three separate times, on different days and at different points in the day. Each time, I have gotten the barely-comprehensible (due to speed), "Saguaro Veterinary Clinic, can you please hold?" Then, I am launched into dead silence for up to NINE full minutes without so much as a request to continue holding. (At least this last time, the girl waited for me to say yes before sending me into the cone of silence, which is more than I can say for the first two calls I made...)    Eventually, I just gave up on each call, hung up, & decided to try back later. I will admit that, after the first nine-minute experience, I gave up on the second and third calls sooner. To many of you loyal patients, nine minutes may not sound like much of a wait, but when you are juggling the responsibilities of two jobs, a 6-year-old, & a puppy... Well, every minute counts, and nine minutes of being in limbo seems like an eternity, especially when it happens more than once.     I gave two stars because I will give the benefit of the doubt to others who rave about this place, but part of customer service includes taking care of POTENTIAL clients in addition to current ones. After the last failed attempt, I contacted another highly-rated vet nearby, was promptly greeted, and scheduled an appointment for the very next day that even accommodated my super-busy schedule.
This clinic did an outstanding job of saving our dogs life. We did not have a Veterinarian in Scottsdale since we moved here, and our 8 year old min pin got extremely sick. We had him in emergency care 2 days in a row, and then decided to take him in here to see Dr Mike and the Saguaro team. Dr Mike and the entire staff did an excellent job in getting us in right away on a Saturday morning, ran multiple tests and then performed emergency surgery. Our dog seems to be recovering well, although it will be a process.     I am confident that if I had not taken him in Saturday morning to see Dr Mike, that he would not have made it past Saturday night. We could not thank them enough, and we now plan to have them as our permanent Vet for our current dog and our future dogs.    Thanks guys,
I recently moved into the area and have been so impressed with the service, honesty, and friendliness of Saguaro.  I've had two appointments in early in the morning and they have been prompt in getting me in and out.  Both Dr. Ketchmark and Dr. Soltero are thorough with their exam and their advice.  They also keep cost in mind and provide alternatives that they feel will be just as effective and less of a hit on your pocket.  I also have 3 dogs, so they are conscious with their advice and understand that some visits are related (contagious).  They are priced reasonably and I would recommend them to anyone who is seeking a honest and professional vet.
We had a terrific experience here with Dr. Soltero.     We were a bit nervous about taking our great big 12 year old Belgian Malinois to a vet's office - her entire life, she was seen by a recently-retired vet that made house calls. We looked on Yelp and saw that Saguaro was in our city and had great reviews, so we made an appointment since our dog's back legs seemed to be giving her trouble.     The place is very clean and most of the staff were friendly. We did not have to wait long to see Dr. Soltero, who was kind and soft spoken. His assistant was also great with our dog and friendly with us. He gave our dog a thorough exam and helped us to consider several possible causes of her leg pain and prospective treatments. He knew what each course of action would cost, and helps us to weigh our options. In the end we chose the conservative option of treating her first with an anti-inflammatory, and we saw some improvement almost right away.     She's since been back for a follow up appointment, which was also a quick one, and Dr. Soltero called himself and left us a message about the blood work results.     Overall we were extremely pleased with our experience and will return when our pets need care.
When I first moved to Scottsdale three years ago, I had no idea I lived around the corner from Saguaro Veterinary Clinic. It wasn't until I brought home my perfect little Doberman puppy, Jersey, that I discover what I can only describe as an all around fantastic Veterinary Clinic with an all-star staff. Yes, I am not the only person in the valley that knows when you come to Saguaro you and your pet will be in very very good hands. That being said, I always book early morning appointments to beat the rush.     Dr. Mike, Dr. Carmine, and Dr. Soltero have all gone above and beyond to help me and my dogs. It is so obvious that the Veterinarians at this clinic are in this profession because they care about the well being and health of animals first and foremost. Also, I truly appreciate the time these Doctors have spent with me while I have asked question and after question regarding my dogs' health.    I have had many good experiences at the Saguaro Veterinary Clinic. Jersey was spayed by Dr. Mike and you can't even see the scar! As if this wasn't all enough, Carol at the front managed to facilitate my adoption of another beautiful red Doberman, Rusty.     My family and I are so happy to have found the Saguaro Veterinary Clinic!    (also, I love it  here so much that this is my first review on yelp!)
We have been bringing our dogs to Scottsdale Hills since we moved to the Valley about 4 years ago.  Dr. Besemer and Dr. Kieran are absolutely wonderful, as are all the vet techs here.      We have one dog who is extremely anxious with strangers, and they are always so gentle and patient with her.  We really appreciate the bedside manner everyone has with our dogs - it gives us peace of mind that our dogs feel comfortable with the scary vet!  We especially love Dr. Besemer - we can go 6-9 months between visits and he still remembers all the little things about our dogs including their quirks, favorite things, and their more memorable medical situations.    The facilities are very clean and their pricing is fantastic - you really get "Scottsdale" service for not-Scottsdale prices.  We have paid much much more for standard exams and vaccinations before when we lived elsewhere.  They are very forthcoming about their pricing; anything above and beyond a regular charge (i.e. office visit, vaccination costs) they will quote to you.  One of our dogs recently had surgery and we were floored by how inexpensive it was.      Lastly, and one of the most important things, is appointment times.  Their hours are great, and we can easily work vet appointments around our busy work schedules.  But even more, when there is an emergency, they will make sure and fit us in during hours and they have a great after-hours emergency service that they recommend (and Dr. Besemer's wife works there, which reassures you that you will get the best care possible in an emergency situation).    We recommend Scottsdale Hills to anyone we can!
I'm so lucky to have found this clinic years ago.   Dr. Besemer and Dr. Kieran have done a wonderful job nursing my parvo puppy back to health. The staff has been wonderful and accommodating, as I had to visit twice a day.  The treatment options are always reviewed, medicines explained and received before leaving and they always do their best.  My fur family will always come here when they need to feel better.
We just rescued our dog two weeks ago. On the referral of a friend, we took our new family member to meet Dr. Krista at AMS.  The whole staff was amazingly warm and generous of their time,  our appointment was met ahead of schedule, all of our questions were thoughtfully answered (even the paranoid ones) with respect and great information.  The Doctor recommended a great meal plan for our underweight dog, explained proper care taking techniques, and offered thoughtful insights.  I never felt like I was being sold anything, rather like the staff was treating my dog like they would their own,  Best vet experience to date.
I just adopted a little rescue dog, and I took her to another vet prior to Dr. Krista, and all I can say is what a nice change. Dr. Krista really cares about her animals that she treats, and it shows. She called me after our first visit to see how my dog's kennel cough was, and it is very clear that she cares. She also is not a vet who pushes hard in terms of trying to make a buck, and she is very ethical. It is a nice change from Banfield and similar, and she has a great personal touch. Thanks again and highly recommended. A+++
I knew something was wrong with our dog when he quit eating and then vomitted a few times.  I called Dr. Pruden who was doing surgery all afternoon, but she told me to being Rocky in and she would look at him.  Thank goodness I did because he had eaten a leather wallet and could have died.  Dr. Pruden operated immediately and she and her staff staying beyond closing time to male sure Rocky was stable enough to transfer to an overnight hospital.  Dr Pruden is the BEST vet we have ever had.  She genuinely cares about her patients, spends as much time as needed explaining things to the owners and always makes time to see Rocky was I call.  I would highly recommend Hopi to anyone looking for an excellent vet!!!!
Awesome!  They do amazing work - in fact saved a dog that had a life threatening pyometra and barely charged for the unknown medical condition.  I can't speak more highly about the vets here.  The place also smells great and there is rarely a line.  I do a lot of spays/neuters here - just full surgeries are more expensive than at other vets so we go elsewhere
This is a wonderful place to take your pets - they give outstanding care to your animals. All the staff are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable, and Dr Pruden is so gentle and caring.     My dog has had valley fever for a few years now and she has kept me in the loop all the way, explaining all the options available, discussing everything fully and making sure I know what needs to be done and why.     This is a place I would recommend to anyone who values who looks after their pet's health!!!!
Dr. Stolper has been a close family friend for years, but I never knew him on a professional level until I moved back to AZ last month. For nearly a week after we moved here, my French Bulldog was simply not himself. Normally an energetic little guy who loves to run, I couldn't even take him for a walk w/o him laying down to rest every few minutes. His ears were clearly bothering him, (he gets ear infections frequently), but that had never slowed him down before. I feared it was Valley Fever, so I called Dr. Stolper on Friday night. He was completely booked all day Saturday, but was able to squeeze me in at 7am, which was an hour before they even opened. He cleaned my pup's ears & tail pocket, clipped his nails, and prescribed medicine for his ears. He also determined that he might have pulled a muscle in his back, for which he prescribed a non-steroidal oral medicine.     Less than 24 hours after seeing Richard, my Frenchie was back to running circles around the backyard. I was completely astonished! I've never seen anything like it- back to 100% in less than a day. It was a miraculous change after weeks of being miserable and clearly in pain. I will never take Napoleon anywhere else.  Thank you Richard, you are truly a Godsend.
This is supposed to provide veterinary services and they do have professionals on the premises. A few years ago this store did help us with a dog having problems. Today they weren't doing so well. We needed a prescription from our Oregon vet filled. My wife called three times to confirm it could  be done and get a fax number. Our vet faxed it. We then visited a crowded, hectic waiting room and after 15 minutes found they don't fill prescriptions. I understand licensing though I don't understand why they don't have a license to sell dog medicine. My problem is that they didn't tell us they couldn't until we had considerable time invested. It didn't help that there was no acceptance of responsibility.
I have been taking my 3 black lab girls to this Vet for 7 years now. They are the best! I read these reviews below and I am shocked at some of the comments. Everyone at the Vet is great! They are helpful, friendly and show you different solutions/options (expensive and cheap) to help your furry children! Many times I walk out of there with home remedy solutions that they have given me so I do not have to go out of pocket a large amount.    I go there because the staff is so knowledgeable and really takes an interest in each of my dogs. They go far beyond the call of service every time I visit.     Dr. Brown and Dr. Ashenfelter are the Vets I am assigned to for my dogs and they are wonderful. All the Techs are great as well, but the 2 that stand out to me are Dawn and Stacy! They are so kind and my dogs are actually excited to go to the Vet, because everyone is so wonderful there! I get a follow-up call every time I leave there to see how things are with the girls.    I have tried other Vets in Arizona, but hands down this is the place I want to take my dogs.
I've been taking my dog here to see Dr. Mendolia for the past 4 years, since I got him at the Humane Society. They gave us a voucher for a free exam and I can't say no to free. I stuck with them because they're great and treat my dog and I with the respect that we deserve.    I am also shocked to see the poor reviews from other yelpers. My dog is old (around 12-19, depending on who you ask) with bad teeth and bad manners. I recently accidentally switched over to Dr. Burke (didn't think to request Dr. Mendolia), and he's great too! I don't think they have a single employee here that is rude or incompetent. They are all so kind and passionate, and extremely knowledgeable.    Dr. Burke recently cleaned my dog's teeth and pulled a bunch of them, and that has greatly improved my dog's behavior and especially his breath. I had put it off for years, but Dr. Burke assured me that he'd be okay, and sure enough my anxiety was for nothing!    I would recommend this place to anyone.
I love this clinic. I've been taking my dog Reece here for the last two years since I've had her. Every single visit I've been pleased. Everyone is super friendly from the staff at the front desk to the vet techs to the doctors themselves.     I brought Reece in today for an exam and we had Dr. Mendolia. She was so patient and kind and gentle with Reece. She answered all my questions thoroughly. We loved her! Although everyone we have seen have been great.    I would recommend this clinic to any and everyone!
Took my doxie here on Tuesday and fell in love with the whole staff there that night.  I called at 615 asking about my dogs funny behavior. I decided against taking him in that moment and changed my mind 10 min later. I called and they stayed open so that I was able to make it there even though they close at 630. I agree they are pricey but totally worth the friendliness of the staff to myself and the care and attentiveness toward my dog. Will be going there for any other problems from here on out!
I have two dogs.  One dog is 9 years old and has been to the vet for his usual shots and a couple of minor things over the last 9 years.  My other  dog is 3 years old and since we got him from the pound 2 years ago he has been to the vet on average once every 4 months.  You can liken my dogs to a Toyota that only needs the oil changed and a Ford that breaks down constantly.  Del Lago has been there for all of my routine vet needs and the various other minor emergencies my youngest dog has endured.  The problem child had to have surgery to remove a lump and the doctors at Del Lago let us bring him in as often as we wanted to have the wound cleaned and wrapped, with no charge.  It is those little things that make it obvious they really care about our pets.    They can handle all of your regular vet needs with care and compassion.  They also understand if you bring in your dog and say, well, he may just have a stomach ache or he may have swallowed my flash drive.  They treat each case with seriousness and give our dogs the best care we have found.
I take my dogs to Del Lago.  They are always so nice and loving towards animals.  I used to live near by and since have moved.  I still take my dogs to Del lago, as I get such great service.  My dogs always get a treat and seem to be very comfortable when getting treated by the vets.
When I moved and had to switch from my beloved Ahwatukee Foothills Vet I was very upset.  I never dreamed I could possibly find a vet I loved as much....until I met Dr. Barnes.  Now I can't imagine taking my boyz anywhere else.  He is thorough, patient and makes me and my dogs feel like they are the most important patients he has to see...which of course, we are, but hopefully he can make you feel that way as well!      My dogs have "vet issues" where they start to shake and act shy and as if they have been tortured (seriously, they do NOT act that way at home!) but, at Del Lago Vet this is gradually lessening with each visit.  Dr Barnes and his Staff always go the extra mile to greet both my boyz (and me) and spend lots of times oohing and awwing over them to make them feel welcome and comfortable.    I have had my boyz in there for routine check-ups, shots as well as one minor surgical procedure.  Heaven forbid either of them need major surgery or encounter serious illness as they age but, I would trust Dr Barnes completely. He explains everything and gets really excited drawing pictures to make sure you understand :-) and makes sure that I am completely comfortable before I leave his office.  All of his staff (hi Ruth!!) are also friendly and wonderful.  I HIGHLY recommend going there for your 4 legged baby's needs.
Awesome veterinarian. From the moment we walked in we knew this would be our vet. Dr Sarah and the entire staff were very helpful, taking time to explain everything to us. Since the pooch has heartworm, he's been back here for grooming, as well. Everybody is awesome to us (and our dog)!
At times I think our little Schnauzer, Trigsey gets better health care than either of his two dads.    We feel so fortunate to have found Dr. Sarah Brown at the North Scottsdale Animal Hospital.  I remember having pets that were scared to death to go to see the vet.  However, all we have to do is say "Do you want to go see Dr. Brown" and Trigsey is at the door waiting to go.    Dr. Brown and her staff are all so gentle and professional that we feel totally at ease leaving our little fur child in their care.   And when we pick him up, there are none of those sad doggie "how could you leave me" eyes.       As Trigsey would say, "YELP  Dr. Brown is the BEST Vet in North Scottsdale!"
If you are looking the "small town" vet treatment, this is the vet for you. ALL staff is very caring and passionate about pets. The staff always tries to accommodate me and help my dogs in any way possible. When I call, they remember me and my pet's names and when I walk in unexpected, they remember my name.  I highly recommend this vet. I came from a small town with a close friend as a vet and I get even better treatment here with North Scottsdale Animal Hospital!
Great Vet. Unfortunately, I had to put 2 dogs down with Josh. I was a mess. I asked if I could have a dog to cry with in the room and he brought me one to sit with me. He let me stay as long as I needed. The staff are awsome. Everyone really cares about the animals. Josh is very honest when it comes to treatment and choices. He won't rush you into making any decisions. I highly recommend it. If you have questions or concerns, someone is always there to provide help and guidance.
We have been going to Dr. Sosnow and Dr. Brown for 1.5 years.  The staff are friendly and helpful.  Both vets are attentive, supportive and given options for treatment.  We had many questions about our puppy's food and environmental allergies.  The staff and vets were patient and answered all our questions, especially over the phone.  Our puppy got sick 5 days before we were getting married.  We couldn't take her to PetSmart and the vet's boarding was full so one of the staff members offered to care for her for a few days.  So nice!  I can't imagine going anywhere else!
I have only the most positive things to say about Josh Sosnow and North Scottsdale Animal Hospital!  We have been going there for 6 years now and have only had the best service, care and compassion.  All of the staff is nice and patient and gives you the time you deserve during your appointment.  We take our dog there for grooming as well and have only had good experiences. Dr. Josh also referred us to Brice Cavanaugh, a dog trainer who saved my dog's life and mine :).    You really can teach an old dog new tricks. My family is very thankful to both Josh and Brice!
I had been taking my dog to a large Animal Hospital. My dog was just another Pet! She was scared to death to come in.. Each time I went another Doctor came out to tell me my sweet dog needed another expensive something or other. My dog has been pretty healthy. Another dog owner told me about NSAH. I figured I would have to go and get her dog "stuff" and they would try to get me to stay there. The staff at NSAH took care of getting all the information . What a relief!! Dr Josh and staff were very sweet to my dog and ME! I am so glad to go to a Veterinarian who is sweet to my dog and me. The whole attitude of NSAH is warm and sweet to my dog. So glad I have found them
This place is great. We have been bringing our pug here for over a year and the staff is always so friendly. A few weeks ago I brought my dog in for a routine grooming appointment. I couldn't be back to pick him up right when he was finished (the whole process takes about 4 hours). I told them I would be about 20 minutes late. They told me that was fine and that they would place him in a kennel for the time being. I told the receptionist that my dog has severe anxiety attacks when in small enclosed spaces and asked if there was something else they could do until I arrived and they happily offered to keep him up front with reception. He greeted guests and they gave him treats to pass the time. They are all great and you can tell they truly love and care for all animals.
Love this vet. They always make sure I'm taking care of without feeling like they're taking advantage of my wallet because I love my dogs. One of my boys has a temper getting his hair cut, and they're great with him. Cannot go without them!
We met Dr. Josh Sosnow over 7 years ago after we adopted our first family dog from AZ Animal Welfare League.  He and Lindsay cared for our very special Daisy, until her days on earth were done.  Dr. Josh and Dr. Sarah, Lindsay, and the entire office helped counsel us through her passing....and somehow they helped make it a lovely (although tearful) peaceful goodbye.    We cannot thank them enough for all the love they showed our dog in her final days.  I tear up thinking about it.  After some healing, grieving, and time, we adopted another dog from AAWL...a VERY energetic and hard-headed puppy.  NSAH is full of patient (did I say hard-headed puppy?), animal loving people.  We feel so lucky to have found a vet office full of  caring, wonderful people to be in charge of the health/care of our dogs!  You are amazing people!
One year ago we adopted Payson from the pound. 24 hours later we learned poor Payson was dying of distemper and was already pretty far along. As first time dog owners, we were petrified. Thanks to Dr. Sarah and the whole team, Payson just celebrated his one year anniversary with us. Great place, great staff, fantastic service!
I feel so lucky that we found this amazing place!  They were recommended to us when we moved here to Phx 7 years ago and have become like family.  They have been taking care of my 2 dogs and we couldn't be happier with the care from Dr. Josh, Dr. Sarah and ALL of the staff there.  Recently Dr Josh discovered a lesion on my lab's ankle and it turned out to be cancer.  We needed a lot of hand holding during the process of figuring out how we wanted to treat him.  I appreciated how they let me figure out what we wanted to do, while being there for support and information.    Just 2 weeks ago we decided to amputate his back leg so he would be more comfortable and, hopefully, treat the cancer, as it seemed to be a chondrosarcoma.  It was!  He is already running around (well, galloping) and has his joyful smile back.      My husband and I are so grateful that we had this practice to guide us through this process.  My many calls were always answered promptly and with lots of love.    I have sent many people here, who always thank me.    Many thanks to NSAH for their care and love!
I have been to some really great vets in some really great states, but this is MOST DEFINITELY my favorite of them all.  The staff is so sweet and gentle and the doctors are so kind.  I genuinely feel as if they care about my pet.  They are also reasonably priced and don't try to upsell you on test your pet doesn't necessarily need.  The first vet I ever took my dog to nickle and dimed me for hundreds of dollars for every visit.  This place is honest and tells you what you really need, and what your pet can do without and still be healthy!
Awesome vet. My dog had surgery here and they are taking good care of him. He has seen 3 of the 4 vets all are great. Dr Higgins did the surgery an most of the follow up. She is very knowledgeable and friendly. The staff is super friendly and they don't judge that Ted can be grumpy when at the vet. The waiting room is like a hotel lobby with soda and water and lots of places to sit so you don't have to be near other animals  Highly recommended.
We recently brought our very sick puppy, Jemma, to Horizon's Animal Hospital. They were able to get us in late on a Saturday afternoon at very short notice. They diagnosed our young pup with Parvovirus within the first 20mins of being there, after she had been wrongly diagnosed at a cost of $350.00 at a previous vet's office earlier that day. Although parvovirus was an extremely serious and scary diagnosis both the doctor's and the tech's did everything they could to immediately begin treating Jemma aggressively, while also trying to help us manage her care on a budget. Since Horizon's is not a 24hr hospital, we did have to transfer Jemma back and forth from the Paradise Valley Emergency Clinic for overnight care, but the doctors worked so well together and helped us to make her transitions seamless. Jemma is now home and healing, and we could not be more thankful or more impressed with all of the staff at Horizon Animal Hospital. We owe them all the thanks in the world, and we are so happy to have found a veterinarian's hospital that we trust and feel safe bringing  both of our dogs to!
For years, when my dog was healthy and  seen for yearly check ups and vaccinations, of course everybody was friendly@ Horizon A.H. But, when my dog was severely ill, the doctors proved lacking knowledge and expertise in their own field and I would not have known that if I had not consulted with other vets. Unfortunately, they missed what seems to be a common protocol. I wish horizon animal hospital was all about friendly staff but I prefer to know that  my pet is under the care of a vet who is knowledgable at least when it comes to basics of vet medicine. Very scary experiences after many years of having them as our vet.
We had to bring our dog in right away, and just called a couple of vets. They could take us in right away. My dear dog had to be put down right then. They were so caring. They have a nice room where you can be with your pet while they give the shot.     Their customer service is tremendous. We got a card, signed by everyone, with a note that showed they saw my dog. Since then, we have taken in another dog for care. Dr. Glover  is terrific. Their prices seem comparable to other vets, but the facility and care is superb!
The office is beautiful and the staff is helpful and friendly, but I spent the money to take my new puppy to the vet just to be told things I already knew. When you go to the vet you expect to get professional answers and/or suggestions, not to hear "I don't know." I also asked the vet about a surgical procedure I want my puppy to undergo. She frowned upon it and when I asked where I could get it done she said they don't do it and people don't  really get it done anymore. Since then, I've found 15 offices that will do it. I don't think I will be back just because I don't feel that the doctors here are very knowledgable or able to deliver more than a generic vet experience.
I'm always wary of trying a new vet, especially because one of my dogs has special needs. After much research I decided on Horizon Animal Hospital. I am SO glad I found them! The support staff is very helpful and friendly. I've seen most of the vets in the practice, and they are all patient and helpful. If I had to recommend one vet in particular--hands down, Dr. Glover. She is fantastic. As someone who treats their dogs like their children (as I'm sure most of us do), it was a relief to find a place like Horizon.
The staff at Horizon are very professional and willing to answer all of your questions.  The facilities are modern and clean as well.  I have been taking my two small dogs here for years and can't think of anything negative to say.
I had my dog spayed here. While I agree that they are not smiley or talkative, I didn't go there to chat. They did the operation well and for cheap.     I'm taking my dogs for vaccination there now since the other vets charge $45 for inspection besides the vaccination fee. My dogs are fine and they only need vaccination so why should I end up paying 100 for 2 dogs to some vet. So, I love this clinic for being systematic and cost effective solution.
Just took my third dog in to get spayed. I could not be more pleased. They make everything so easy. All the steps were explained in a way that was easy to understand. You can tell that they really love the animals. Great customer service. They make a tough process easy and efficient. Thank you.
I was worried to take my dog in after I read all the bad reviews. But I decide to get it a try! I took my dog in for nurturer, and the service & staffs were so nice and acknowledge! I also got my dog pain medicine but he did not even need it! I think for such cheap price with awesome job, I am really satisfied!!!
***PROCEED WITH CAUTION***(MAKE SURE TO READ GOOGLE REVIEWS AND THE FILTERED REVIEWS ON YELP!)  ( I don't usually go out of my way to write negative, long winded reviews...)BUT,this was By far one of the most UNPROFESSIONAL places I have ever been to. I had an appointment to bring my sisters dog here. I called to inform them there was an accident on the freeway and I may be a few minutes late. They didn't even have my appointment on the books. After realizing I had an appt on Monday and rescheduled for thurs they told me to go ahead and come in. Someone called me back a few minutes later to inform me of a "late fee" Once I arrived I completed the paperwork and waited in the lobby. There were 2 pre surgery exam appointments before me. After about 25 minutes I was called back. The vet tech was inquiring about my address and stated he used to live by me. He commented on a bar close by and stated it was, and I quote, "the sh#t" ! Although he was friendly I found this to be unprofessional. The Vet came in and took the pulse on the dog. I politely requested not to be charged a late fee as I was only 4 minutes late due to an accident and called ahead. She told me "there's a million excuses as to why someone can be late and she needs to set boundaries and not make exceptions" I stated that 'I understood the purpose of implementing a late fee was to prevent people from interrupting a flow, though I was late there were still 2 appointments in front of me and I caused no interruption and 4 minutes late was a little harsh' She told me 'though I was 4 minutes late I didn't finish my paperwork until 15 minutes after my appt.' She then stated 'clearly I didn't understand how veterinary clinics work'. I informed her I was actually a certified vet tech and have worked under several licensed vets since 2005 and currently run a doggie daycare and boarding facility. I told her was not trying to be confrontational (as it seemed she was) that I just thought the late fee was harsh and found her comments unnecessary. She finally said she will wave the late fee and rolled her eyes. I thanked her and she didn't acknowledge me. She took my dog back, and I thank her again, again she didn't acknowledge me. After leaving I received a call from her a few minutes later. Her words: "I don't believe we should have a relationship and I won't be performing surgery because you don't like me and don't trust me". I said "Ma'am, I never said anything to that nature, you have a job to do and are choosing not to do it based on your feelings towards me, not what you think mine are towards you" She told me to come get my dog or I can leave it there all day and come back before close and she would feed him. QUESTION? If I didn't "trust" her, why would I leave my sisters dog with her all day. Also, any good vet knows that changing a dogs diet could potentially cause diarrhea and vomiting. All in all, I found this experience to be extremely disappointing and unprofessional. After reading other reviews I believe I dodged a huge bullet and am grateful she decided not to perform the surgery. There are way too many caring, kind vets out there to trust any fur babies in her care.
I was refered to Pecan Grove by a friend and have had great experiences.   I live in central Phoenix, so changing to a vet in Tempe was a big sacrifice.  But, Dr. Holmes and his staff are awesome.  They managed the care of both of my dogs in their later years, keeping them comfortable and pain free when they needed it.  They are extremely friendly and show genuine concern for the care of your pet.  And the rates are just right.      Also just found out that they are opening a new office on 5th Ave and McDowell in central Phoenix.  Can't wait to walk my dog to the vet!    Jay
I cannot say enough good things about Dr. Holmes and his staff.  My dog was a rescue and they saved her life when the rescue group brought her in.  She's had to have surgery since we adopted her and the care she received was excellent.  Dr. Holmes called several times to follow up.  Everyone there is is so kind and really loves their patients.    I wish I could find a doctor who cared as much for me!
We were referred to Pecan Grove this morning by our normal vet, Kennel Care.  Unfortunatly I wish it was under better circumstances, but our new puppy was diagnosed with Parvo last night at the emergancy vet and Kennel Care was unable to take us today as they were full.  Upon their recommendation I phone the team at Pecan Grove and was very please at how attentive they were and they asked me to come down with the puppy within the hour so they could start him on fluids.  As Parvo is a very touch and go situation, esp. for a 9week old rottweiler, it is hard to know the next step.  Dr. Tuttle  was exceptionally kind and accomodating.  As the vet is only open 1/2 day on Saturday, she explained we could take our pup back over to our other vet afterwards or she could schedule us with the ER vet.  She also offered to put a line into the pup prior to use leaving should we have to go to the ER on Sunday so this would save money as the after hour places are very expensive.    It was so nice to have somone not only care so much for the puppy but also understand that in these economic times all things have to be taken into consideration and was willing to offer options and suggestions.
I've brought my dogs here and met with both Dr. Holmes and Dr. Edwards and they were both extremely knowledgeable and helpful. Over the last 15 years of living in Phoenix we brought all 6 dogs that we have had in that time to come see them and I wouldn't go anywhere else. This past summer I moved to Boston and regrettably haven't found a quality veterinary hospital like Pecan Grove. Ashamedly, even after talking to my current vet and be unsatisfied with their answers, we called Pecan Grove and Dr. Holmes was very helpful and was even able to reference cases and articles to us over the phone. While the answer we got from our Boston vet sounded more like they were guessing than actually knowing the answer.    Pecan Grove and everyone there is amazing and I wouldn't go anywhere else (had I not moved across the country)
It's now over a year later since my first five star review and this vet's office is better than ever. Truly ten stars!  They ALWAYS call back, they care and I would NOT trust my two girls (two dogs) with anyone else.  I highly recommend Pecan Grove.  They are like a God send to me.  Thanks Pecan Grove, for being the best!!!      I really can't say enough good things about this Veterinary hospital. We just moved here and they were awesome about getting me in asap.   Dr. Tuttle showed so much compassion to my wonderful dog Murray and mayself.  If you want a place where they understand your love for your pet, this is the place. I had to make the horrible decision to euthanize my Murray (he was almost 16 and couldn't walk at this point) and she made a house call.  Murray hated going to the vet, so she came to us.  There are vets closer to me, but I would drive a long way because Dr. Tuttle is so amazing.
Dr Edwards is wonderful. She is a very knowledgeable vet, and provides great care for our chihuahuas, one of which had an unusual disease during her first year of life. Dr Edwards was very kind and loving to our new puppy, and provided her great treatment.  I highly recommend her and Pecan Grove Vet.
I absolutely recommend this hospital to those looking for a forever vet.      Going to the vet is scary especially when it involves a family member, but pecan grove is the right choice.     I have already brought my rabbit and recently my dog here for treatment and the staff, vets, and vet techs have been amazing and so helpful.     Dr. Holmes has performed surgery on my rabbit (teeth removal and neutering).  He told me everything I needed to know beforehand and even promised that if he did not do the procedure properly he would not charge me for returning to do the procedure again.  He followed through and even called a couple days later to make sure everything was fine.  He works with a rabbit rescue and will give you a discount if you mention them.     Dr. Tuttle took care of my cutie pie. she was bit by some neighbor's dog and had an infection in her paw.  although cutie was a bit hesitant to treatment, Dr. Tuttle did not hurt her. She informed me of everything I needed to know to make sure that the wound would heal up properly. Cutie is also a new addition to my family and I know nothing about her. Dr. Tuttle made sure that I knew what types of vaccinations I needed to give her and also preventive care such as oral care, heart worm prevention, and boosters.  I asked a lot of questions concerning Cutie and she was patient and made sure all my worries were gone.     By the end of the appointments, I felt like I could go home and  take care of my pets in their time of need.     The facility is a bit small, but they are well equipped and even have their own pharmacy.   Although I think the pricing of their services is a bit overpriced, you can be sure that you and your pet are getting the care and attention you're   paying for.    You can visit their website at pecangrovevet.com or add them on facebook too.
My Fiance surprised me with a new puppy, which means a doggy doctor is needed. I have been to Pecan Grove previously to see Dr. Holmes for my rabbit  domino.  The visit was quick, affordable, and he gave me a bunch of suggestions as preventative measures for common rabbit ailments.     I saw Dr. Edwards yesterday with my new puppy Bernie.  She was very friendly, informative and kinda hot. Bernie liked her and that is what matters.  I love that she took the time to actually pet him and get her face licked....he's a real vicious one. I got his second vaccination, and she informed me of the parvo epidemic that spread across the valley. After being thoroughly scared, I thought I should do a stool sample since he was around other dogs a week ago, but instead of running the test and charging me, she said it was not necessary as he has shown no symptoms and is in great condition.     I was given a puppy packet, a free month of pet insurance, a month supply of heart work preventative and again, even though I was ready to buy the 6 month supply, she told me to wait since Bernie is growing so fast. I really love that they are not trying to sell me everything under the sun.     Second great experience here, and intend to stay with this vet.
One word for this place is well two....the best!!!! I have seen all of the doctors and you cannot go wrong with any of them. I am now seeing Dr. Edwards bc she was the one that got me thru my first time putting my first dog down. The true love, compassion, and sympathetic she gave me and my dog is something you cannot get anywhere else!!! She also sent out a card to me that was so meaningful wasn't just of BS. They don't pressure you with oh you need this or you have to have this done. They give you what you need plain and simple no sugar coating!!! Prices....are great. I left another vet where I was paying $200 just to walk thru the door not here. I mean I could go on and on about this place. If you are looking for a fancy place this isn't it. This place is a vet with loving and caring people who work there and very down to earth! Wouldn't go anywhere else!
Dr. Holmes is still the best! He squeezes you in when you need to get in for emergencies and he really does care about the animals. I have 2 dogs and 2 rabbits and all four have had their share of health problems at one time or another. Dr. Holmes is one of those rare vets out there that is in this field for the right reasons. Pricing here is incredibly reasonable, they do not do unneeded testing, Dr. H is honest and on the very rare occasion something comes up where he isn't 100% sure on something he will straight up tell you that and either do some more research/investigating or if needed he will refer you to a specialist for a second opinion. (FYI: the one time one of our dog's was referred to a specialist, Dr. Holmes was right and it was recommended our dog continue to take the meds already prescribed by Dr. H.)     If you are looking for the best vet, your search is over.
I just took my dog, Reggie, in to see Dr. Shear because my Dad mentioned to me that he thought Reg had some type of growth.      First things first, they got me in for a same-day appointment.  So nice.      The lady at the front was so sweet and welcoming to my hyper dog.  The vet tech was super helpful and also very kind!    Dr. Shear is awesome-  I had taken Reggie to a few other vets before finding him.  He is so laid back and he isn't too quick to suggest a million different treatments for Reggie.      I would HIGHLY recommend Countryside Animal Hospital and Dr. Shear to anyone looking for a new vet!
We went here after my dog was bit my another one of our dogs and we were hoping to not have to go to an emergency vet...having not been established with a vet yet in the area of our new house, we called around....and Countryside was able to get us in right away after hearing about our urgent situation. Everyone from the receptionist to the vet tech to the vet (Dr Dunning) was so friendly and kind. It was a refreshing experience. Our dog needed sutures and had to be put under a short acting anesthesia.    Everyone here was exceptionally nice and genuinely concerned about our dog. They didn't rush us and spent time bonding with our pet too. It was really a surprisingly good experience, having been to many other vets in the past. I would highly recommend them.
My little pup is a rescue girl, so she's a little nervous.  Countryside was professional and every person there seemed to love their job.  How many times have we visited places where the person seems to loathe life and their job?  From the initial phonecall--a pleasant and excited woman--to the warm front desk reception to the kind veterinary assistant to the concerned vet--everyone was marvelous.  Another reviewer mentioned that they took the time to bond with the pets, and that was also our experience.  How refreshing not to be rushed or have our pet's concerns be overlooked.    The rooms were private and clean, so my little Stella wasn't scared to be there.  While she didn't like having her temperature rectally taken (who really does, right?), she was much more relaxed than she might have been with lesser people.  The diagnosis was kennel cough.  They gave us antibiotics with explicit instructions and even introduced us to an organic variety of pill-hider that Miss Stella went wild over.  We also found during our visit that Countryside offers grooming services.  The groomer introduced herself to us and had a lovely manner with our dog.  Lastly, they sent us home with a mug of treats and a stuffed toy that our dog absolutely loves.  WOW.  And it's a mere few blocks from where we live.  Consider us lucky.
Dr. Shear and his staff were professional, courteous and thorough.  Excellent handling during the examination and treatment of our pug and French bull dog had a calming effect on both the dogs and owner!
We took our dog to be groomed at Countryside. They were wonderful. Our dog does not like to be groomed at all and the staff was so friendly here. They listened to my concerns and found a way to groom him while being kind and gentle. We will be switching over to their veterinarian care as well. Thank you for your great service and attention!
We switched to Countryside Clinic after taking our two dachshunds to another veterinary office where they tried to push for expensive tests and treatments and made owners feel guilty if they declined.  We have felt both our dogs have gotten excellent care from Dr. Dunning.  On our most recent visit one dog had to have anal glands expressed.  The technician, Megan, did this procedure. (Glad I didn't have to do it.)  No need for an office call expense with the Doctor.  That day the staff was short handed and so a had a small wait, maybe 15 minutes but the receptionist was very  kinds and offered us bottled water or coffee while we waited.  Both she and Dr. Dunning apologized for the wait.  The office is pleasant and clean and the staff is welcoming!
I've been struck by the professionalism and caring manner of the staff. I came to this facility via a friend's recommendation and can now see why she had only high praise to share. Front staff has been very helpful. My dog is thriving.  We also had a great time at the Open House we attended there on 11/16/13.  Came home with a gift bag full of goodies.
HIGHLY RECOMMEND! The technician and doctors were very attentive to my needs and concerns as an owner. They also treated my dog based off of her personality. For example, the last vet she went to was very upset with me because my dog behaved badly during a nail trim so I warned the vet tech at countryside that she might be bad... to my surprise the tech brought her back to me after the nail trim and said "She let out one yelp and was fine, she does better with less handling so I just trimmed her nails and let her do her own thing." I can't explain to you the joy that I had hearing that. It's not a "one size fits all" clinic.
We just moved here from out of state and, based on the Yelp reviews I read, we took our dog, Koda to visit Dr. Dunning @ Countryside Animal Hospital.  What a great place!! The staff, techs and Vet were beyond awesome!!!  Very professional but genuinely friendly and helpful with all my questions!  Koda enjoyed meeting everyone and I look forward to an ongoing relationship with Countryside!
We love this place and so do our dogs. They know our pups and love on them. Their prices are reasonable and their puppy plan helped us afford the first year for Ivan, my son's puppy.     We had our 14 year old lab put down here about a year ago and they were so kind and understanding and let my son be alone with Moe when he passed.     They love animals and it shows we will keep going here as long as they are in business.
These guys have taken care of my English Setter since he was eight weeks old, fresh off the plane from Minneapolis. They always take such good care of him, know him by name and by temperament, and have been remarkably patient with all my first dog owner anxieties.    They've got four vets on staff, all of whom are great, and Bob and the rest of the people at the front desk are wonderful as well. What's more, they're inside my closest PetSmart, which also provides training classes and grooming services. I've done it all with them - very convenient.
I took my puppy to this Banfield a couple months ago. The whole experience was bad.  They made us wait almost one hour ( I had an appointment), then a lady doctor showed up. She was nice but not reliable enough. Everything she said was like she was reading a text book. Their vet tech woman promised to call me later the day or next morning about dental inquiry, but she never called me. Now I found a nice vet and started taking my dog to her.
Dr. Schnier and this Banfield team are the greatest. They've cared for my  yorkies for a long time.  We just recently lost our Bailey, and we had to bring her remains  into Banfield.  Dr. Schnier came in on her day off, just to share in our grief.  This meant the world to us.     Every single one of the Banfield staff is  caring and compassionate, and they have always made me feel like my dogs are special.    Thank you each and every one of you.
The staff at Warner Vista Animal Hospital is top notch. Always caring, helpful, knowledgeable and accommodating. We've been taking our two dogs there for over six years now and we have nothing but good things to say. If you have pets, I can't imagine a Veterinarian's office taking better care of you.
After my dogs nueter at another vet, some swelling, and a receptionist telling me that basically my dog is going to die from internal bleeding I rushed to this office after a recommendation from a coworker. Dr Carr and his staff were incredible and eased my mind quickly. They took great care of me and my dog, and sent me on my way with the medicine I needed right from the office, no other stops necessary. My dog was fine as the staff had assured me over the phone. I will not take my dogs to another vet again, this office is far superior.
Dr.Carr is amazing! He has been our vet for 8 years now.  The staff is great and the office is close to home and very clean.  There are several other vets in the area, but we only use Dr. Carr. Even if I lived in Tucson, I would come here. Actually, our friend lives on the Westside, and he only comes to Dr. Carr as well, on our recommendation.  He is very knowledgeable and will do EVERYTHING to help your animal. Trust me. Our American Bulldog had cancer and Dr. Carr was amazing with his care. and ultimately, our dogs passing.  Maxximus didn't respond well to chemo, so he had to leave us, but he was well taken care of while under Dr, Carr's supervision.
I took my dog to Warner Vista for an emergency issue at the recommendation of another area veterinary office. I ended up having to make a decision to put him down, but the entire staff was so amazing through the entire process. They were extremely compassionate, provided detailed, extensive information regarding the condition, treatment options, etc. that helped me to make a very difficult decision. I didn't feel rushed; they answered questions up to the very last moment, explained the process and really took the approach that it was all about making sure that my last wishes for my dog were carried out. I highly recommend Warner Vista.
Dr. Carr at Warner Vista Animal Hospital in Gilbert and his staff are the most wonderful and compassionate veterinarian staff I have ever known.     We lost our precious Tucker on Saturday. Things happened quickly and we didn't have much time to prepare. As we held Tucker and said goodby, Doc Carr not only made us as comfortable as possible but he cried right along with us. You see, he too had fallen under the spell of that furry little wonder dog.    We had not thought to get his paw print before we left home and were slightly upset with ourselves. Guess what we got in the sympathy card from his staff today? Yep. They had made green (as in grass) prints for us. Little things like that mean so much. Thank you, Dr. Carr. (And staff)
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE DECIDING WHETHER TO VISIT.    We first started going to warner vista after we adopted our dog a year ago. The service was ok, never great, but never bad. So we kept returning. On a saturday morning I called in to get my dog seen as he was showing some alarming signs he was very sick. Warner Vista was not able to accommodate the request and suggested i go to an emergency animal hospital or wait til Monday. I then called Caring Hearts Animal Clinic, from a friends recommendation, and they made space for him that day. He tested positive for Parvo even though he had been vaccinated at Warner Vista. Caring Hearts treated him that day outpatient as inpatient was very expensive. Caring Hearts also suggested that i get in contact with Warner Vista so they could call the vaccine manufacturer as the Manufacturers have guarantees and will cover the costs if our dog meets the criteria. Warner Vista was closed til Monday. Sunday Caring Hearts opened 730 am for our dog's outpatient treatment even though they were closed. They opened before opening hrs on Monday for the same thing. At 8am monday i called Warner Vista explaining my dog has parvo, he was vaccinated there and i need them to call the manufacturer to see if they would cover the expenses. The lady said Denise is out of the office and she does that. I inquired if there is anyone else at the office that could call and inquire and she said no. Tuesday morning Caring Hearts opened before hours again! for outpatient treatment. 8am tuesday i call in again to Warner Vista to make sure Denise contacts the manufacturer. The lady said Denise doesn't come in til 2pm and she will call me right away. I did not hear from Warner Vista again til a week later. I called Caring Hearts right after this on the tuesday and they were in shock. They went ahead and got in contact with the manufacturer, even though they have no relationship with them and use a different brand vaccine, and within 2 hrs they and agreed to cover the expenses. Tuesday at lunch i took my dogs in for inpatient treatment at caring hearts. By the next Monday at 4 pm (7 days later)! i got a call from Denise at Warner Vista asking for information to contact Merial the vaccine manufacturer. I hung up in shock. We had said goodbye to our dog the night before because it did not look like he would make it. Fortunately, he did, he didn't eat or drink for 12 whole days and by wednesday, after 13 days of being sick, 12 days of treatment (9 inpatient) he came home. I know that without that inpatient treatment he would be dead, and we would not have been able to provide that, not knowing the costs would be covered.     My dog would have been dead if i had waited for Warner Vista, Caring Hearts Animal Clinic not only saved my dog, they took the initiative when Warner Vista failed miserably, and also told us that when and if we reach the $5000 limit the vaccine manufacturer will cover, they (Caring Hearts) will cover any costs after the $5000.     I really hope you read this and do not take your dog to Warner Vista. And to top this review off, our friends dog that was vaccinated at Warner Vista also got parvo. Just something to think about.
I have been taking my two dogs to Dr. Burke for 4 years now and he is the best vet I have found in the valley. My beagle is older and has a lot of issues, but Dr. Burke always suggests an alternative to the expensive therapies. I never feel pressured to buy more treatments than are necessary. Also, he is always patient with me after check ups and answers all of my questions thoroughly. He made my baby healthy again so he gets 5 stars.
i've been taking both my dogs here for over 2 years.  they're great about fitting you in, and have long hours and open on weekends so it works for people who work.  we typically see dr. watson and really like her.  she's great with the dogs and they're very comfortable around her.  the office staff is great.  they are always helpful when i have questions.  they also have something called pet portal.  it allows you to keep up to date on when your dogs need a visit for shots or whatever.  you call also use it to schedule appointments, and then the office calls you to confirm.
Eh...have you ever gone to a time share pitch just to get free show tickets?  Well, then you have seen the GVH business model; lets get them in for their standard shots and "wellness exam" (by this, they mean, you pay us $45 and we will tell you about everything that could ever possibly go wrong with your dog, so buy our stuff!)...then, we ask questions about the dog and find ways to exploit your answers and offer you blood tests for this, medicine for that...its a huge sales gimic.  Its bull.  I do not believe I received one honest answer the whole time I was here, just answers that would create angst and justify them offering another test or shot.  I do not recommend.  Please let me know if you find a vet in Gilbert for us.  Thanks!
We have been taking our dogs to Gilbert Vets since we moved here in 2008.  Throughout the care, and eventual loss, of two of our dogs, the vets and staff at Gilbert Vets have been awesome.  Dr. Focht is our absolute favorite vet at the clinic with Dr. Dudley and Dr. Bode close behind.  As an AAHA vet hospital, you know you are getting quality and comprehensive care.  No, they are probably not the cheapest vet clinic out there, but I never find their charges or recommendations superfluous or just out to make money.  They are pretty much in line with any AAHA accredited vet hospital where I have taken my dogs.  They genuinely care about your pets and recommend treatment accordingly.  If you are looking for a vet hospital to take care of your furry children, then this is the place for you.
We just moved here from the Midwest and have been staying with my daughter in her apartment in Mesa while we wait to move into our house. I was recommend by a friend who knew the receptionist that worked there.     We have a 21 month old pure bred collie who just had all his shots before we came to this area! He caught a virus from the dog park at the apartment complex. They never called me back with his fecal exam test results! I paid at the time of our dogs appoint for prescription dog food and two prescriptions for him. I got for prescription at the appointment. They said they would call me when the prescription dog food and the second prescription came into their office for me to come and pick up. They never called! I called. I went and picked up the dog food. Five days later the second RX still never came in and still no phone calls from them even though I was calling them . Finally, I called and asked for my money back from the second RX that I never received. They even sent me a postcard saying my collie need his shots after I gave them his records from our vet back home. We found another Vet in Chandler who we are much happier with who calls us back, has the prescriptions in stock. Gilbert Veterninary Hospital called me and wanted to know if I had requested them to get my pets records from their clinic. I just told them yes? You would think they would get a clue on how they treated me and my pet! Some people really treat their animals as part of their families and you don't take their care lightly! I'm glad this wasn't a child but it was my child with four furry paws! I think that are out just to make money here and just want to rack on the charges! The other vet also told me my Rocky could keep getting this and told me how to prevent it. Where Gilbert was telling me if it happened again that it would require additional testing and was probably colitis! I found out the virus was going around between the other dogs in the apartment complex!
What a beautiful place to get robbed.  Probably not when what you were thinking when you entered this immaculate old country themed veterinarian hospital or lack there of.  After I told them about a KNOWN allergy to the rabies vaccine my dogs had ...they proceeded to give them the vaccine with an appropriate  benadryl shot beforehand, and send them home.... NOPE, no monitoring for even a couple hours.  So when I got home and my beloved pets swelled up like a balloon I rushed thm back to a SURPRISED office staff. They correctly gave both dogs (one was balloon-like, the other had a rash all over)  IV steroid and waited by ....for a little bit...then they RECHARGED me for the second visit an extra 100 dollars.  Hmmmm they like to charge you like its going out of style it seems.      Did I blame them for the reaction experienced by my pets..NO. DO I blame them for lack of consideration in billing me a 2nd time in the same day....YES!!
I had a bit of an emergency situation present itself with my dog and this place was recommended by a friend. I found the entire staff to be very nice and they listened to my concerns. Especially when I told them I did not have a lot of money. They did not charge me any emergency fees and they took exceptional care of my doggie. Dr. Joiner was super caring as was Edith at the front desk. It cost a bit more than a Banfield but I think it's worth it. I prefer to have a relationship with my vets and doctors and these folks rose to the occasion. The tech, doctor and office admin all came out to say good-bye to my dog. I look forward to returning for the follow up in two weeks. They CARE!
I had some issues develop with my dogs stitches after the surgery. The vet was very responsive and asked me to come in right away. I feel like they really care. No charge for the visit either.
It's not the swankiest animal hospital. But the vets and staff are really nice and knowledgeable. Their rates aren't bad either.    In addition, it happens to be an emergency facility. We had to bring both our dogs here for emergencies on separate occasions, and they got right in, even during off hours. There is an extra fee attached though, I think around $50.    I also like that they don't try and sell you a bunch of tests and meds that your pet likely won't need. They often employ the "wait and see" approach, which usually works for the best.    Plus, they call the day after you come in, to check in on your pet. How nice is that?
I have been taking my dogs here for over 5 years and have always been pleased. They are affordable and very down to earth. What I love the most about this vet is that they never try to upsell you on things you don't need. They are also open on Sat and Sun which is very convenient.     We recently got a new puppy and discovered Arrow Animal Hospital puppy program. This included all 4 puppy visits with vaccinations and dewormer for around $200 total. You won't find this price anywhere else!
We feel very welcomed here. Our dogs are spoiled rotten with belly rubs and kisses by all the vets and vet assistants!     We purchased the "puppy packages" for both of our dogs which includes all there needed puppy vaccinations, nail clipping, and poop check for $100.    You can request a particular vet at each visit or get one a random. They are all so friendly it will be hard to choose!     Dr. Sherl has been our pick so far. One of our dogs had to be sterilized fairly young due to a possible cancerous testicle. Our pup came out of the vet office in top-top shape.    It is quite a drive for us, about 30 to 40 mins but worth the trip for us given the excellent care our dogs receive.    Another plus is the amount of options given to you as far as how much a procedure can costs and the integrity of stating what kind of care plan is recommended for your dog breed.     I am very happy with the care and cleanliness of the office and will continue to make that drive for our pets!
Arrow saved our choclate lab after he ate somethings he shouldn't have and ended up with an obstructed bowel. After our former vet refused to do the surgery without the full amount paid upfront, Arrow was able to help us with finacial arrangements. They did not talk down and they absolutely loved our Jake. He is on the mend now. We have 3 dogs and will take them all to Arrow from now on.
This is by far the best animal hospital in Phoenix. They took care of my teacup chihuahua when she had a terrible ear infection; the veterinarian is a sweetheart. She speaks in a very soft, calm voice and it's so easy to see how much she cares for and adores these animals.     Also, I found a stray Labrador a few weeks ago. This beautiful, HUGE dog just showed up at my garage and I had no idea what to do. I grabbed bowls of water and food and let him sit in my house for awhile. I called Arrow Hospital, told them I found a stray and they told me to bring him in immediately.     They took such good care of him. The lady at the front counter (I wish I could remember her name) found a microchip, but it wasn't registered within Maricopa County. She went the extra mile and contacted several people before deciding to keep him overnight. They found him a foster home a couple days later and they NEVER even considered contacting the Humane Society (which I am eternally grateful for that). Before going to Arrow, I went to Petsmart and had a terrible experience. The veterinarian was way too rough with my teacup and everything was overly priced. I'm so glad I found this clinic. I would give this place 10 stars if I could!
This was our first visit to this place. We had moved to this side of town and wanted a place closer to our new home so we went there to get our 3 dogs there shots updated. We arrived around 10 minutes prior to our appt to give them time to register them. After I took our dogs to the room with the tech to do the history and temps he said he will be back with the Dr and the shots well 30 minutes later we were still waiting. The Dr. finally came in and he was very nice in fact everyone was really nice. I really just didn't like the fact of the waiting and waiting. Come to find out from my husband he told me people who came in after we went to the room left before us. After being at work all day then going to the vet at 6:10 then not leaving till almost 8:00 it was really annoying.
The office staff at Arrow Animal are always happy to see my loved ones. I feel comfortable leaving Apple or Banana for the whole day, if needed. I know they will supply the attention my dogs need throughout the day.    I have been using Arrow Animal for 2 happy years and will continue to many years to come.    Thanks Arrow Animal Hospital!
Since the previous review Jennifer contacted me from the vets office to apologize about the long wait. I was pleasantly surprised that they took the time to check into why I waited so long and to call me and explain why. I will more than likely be taking my dogs back here.
Great staff, quaility treatment. I have taken my labs to them for years. They saved my dog sam from parvo when she was a puppy and now she is 7 and thankful to arrow for saving her life. Mackenzie my chocolate lab (the one in the photo on the homepage) saw them yesterday and she received top notch care for her arthritis. They are very affordable compared to others around town, considering the level of expertise and care. They are not looking to make a quick buck they are very caring and honest. I would reccomend them to anyone who loves thier pet.
This place is absolutely amazing! I love them! I will never go anywhere else & I recommend them to all of my friends and family. A couple if years ago my yorkiepoo Tank swallowed a hook, line & sinker. It got lodged & he had to have emergency surgery to have it removed. I was extremely upset because I didn't have the money to pay for a surgery for my animal but I was willing to do whatever it took to get it done. My animals are a part of my family & I would go into debt up to my ears to save them. A lot of people would take advantage of that but Arrow Animal Hospital did not.  It didn't cost nearly as much as I thought it was going to & this office was more concerned with the health of my pet then how I was going to pay. Thank god for care credit. :) Im very happy they take care credit here. What a life saver. Recently I got a new puppy. A boxer mastiff mix. Her name is Maddi & she received all of her vaccines & puppy care here. They are so good with her. Yesterday she was spayed and the doctor called this morning to see how she was doing. I am amazed that they make the time to do this. They are always busy but I can see why. They go above and beyond the normal care. They really care for your animals & are friendly & compassionate. You won't be disappointed if you go here
There are not enough stars to fully express my love for Arrow Animal Hospital. They have the most wonderful staff, from the office people to the Dr.s. I live in North Scottsdale, but drive over 30 minutes to bring my dogs to Arrow. They are the first vets I feel are as committed to my dogs as I am. I am constantly impressed with their knowledge and the cutting edge information and procedures they provide. Their focus is always on the quality of life for the animal. I have elderly dogs and their survival has been in no small part to the vets at Arrow. While all of the vets are amazing i must single out my favorites, Dr Sherroll and Dr. Rey. They not only help my animals, but have dealt with my questions and informed me of all of my options. Their bed side manner is second to none. I try and bring in my rotty at the end of the night because I know she is going to slobber all over them and they would not have it any other way. I have had both my dogs lives saved her over the years. They are always willing to work with you financially and never do unnecessary things. I have seen them for everything from knee reconstruction to the current maintenance of my dogs cancer. They love and empathy of their patients both human and animal is amazing. If only they treated humans too.
I've come here twice. Both times the vet tried to up-sell lots of tests and prescription pills.     The first time I thought they really were recommending what is for the best- and I actually did get the Xrays that they advised, though I had them done at a different vet's office, because it was significantly less expensive. (Those xrays didn't explain any of the problems either). The 2nd time, when I brought a stray dog in that looked significantly underweight. The vet said  she could feel the dogs liver... and as she began to explain the next part she hid her hands in her pockets, a classic move made by a person when not being forthcoming, and said it could be a mass, but it could also be because the dog is skinny. She said the dog looked pretty good other than that and she'd write up a action plan for getting the dog back in good health. She then left and sent in a tech with a itemized bill for blood work and shots over $500 worth.     I then attempted to clarify what I came in for. I wanted to know the dogs health, if the dog appeared neglected or sick and what to do to help the dog gain the weight back. I wanted to know roughly how old the dog was, and what I could do to help the dog get healthy. I've never owned a dog before. I also said, I noticed the dog seemed stiff and I could hear her joints pop when she moved sometimes, and I would like information that could answer questions like, Should I give the dog glucocamine?". Is it an injury or just because of the age? The tech left to speak with the vet again, and then returned and said, the vet says the dog is about 5, though we can't really confirm that. Here is the Prescription she wrote up.     At this point, I was very aggravated. I exclaimed that I wanted information, dietary advice. My main concern was that the dog was underweight due to lack of food. I want to know things like what type of food is best to help the dog recover. I've NEVER even had a dog before, which I said when I made the appointment and stated several times throughout the appointment. The tech looked baffled, and I told her that I was not going to return to this clinic ever again. I went to pay and I told them that I felt swindled. I explained that I still didn't even have answers for simple questions on what type of food is best to feed an underweight dog, and I didn't understand why their office couldn't give basic care advice and instead just kept writing up quotes for tests and drugs.     At that point the tech came to the front and said she talked to the vet and the vet wanted me to have a handout about arthritis. I admit, I sarcastically thanked her for giving me information that I could have easily looked up myself online, and explained that now I still need to look up dietary information online and I think it's ridiculous that I should have to do that when I just paid $50 to talk to a veterinarian and have the dog examined.      I left promising to contact the Better Business Bureau. Which I probably will do.     I'm just at a point in my life where I'm sick of not getting what I pay for. Is anyone with me on this? It's like I can even by an f%#^$^% sweater that won't unravel in a month because everything is made in China by 5 year olds, I buy used cars around 60,000 miles, because new cars are put together so shoddy that used cars with that kind of mileage already have new transmissions and alternators and starters... The repairs are better quality than what you actually get when you buy the car, unless you get a mechanic that insists that you have replace a $500 part in order to fix a $200 part, when 3 other people gave you quotes that didn't include that repair- or an electrician that insists the lighting in your business needs to be replaced or the lights aren't going to turn on, but when they find out that there isn't anyway to authorize that type of repair a miracle from heaven unfolds and the lights magically work once again.     Here's the truth people. Everyone's out to get your hard earned money, and few ever offer quality service or merchandise in return.     This veterinarian could have given me some advice like, since she's under weight you might want to feed her a puppy kibble or some wet food, or increase the portion- and also it wouldn't be a bad idea to do some blood work to see her overall general health. I could respect that, but not offering any advice on the animal whatsoever except for the tests and drugs, seems a bit ridiculous. And if they can't tell me anything about the health of the animal without the tests, then someone explain to me WHY ON EARTH THEY ARE ALLOWED TO PRESCRIBE DRUGS? If you are that clueless as to the health of the animal without your $500 full work up, then how can you in confidence recommend $50 worth of prescription drugs?     The only redeeming quality that I have to mention about this place, is the techs are nice and friendly.
Great place! Easy to use , long hours and staff was very caring to my dog Pumpkin. I will definitely be back!
I have been coming here for a few years now for Vet needs an grooming excellent Dr an Staff always treating our dogs wonderfully.
We've been using this place since we moved to the area a year ago, and love their service and attitude.  Everyone is welcoming and very friendly to both the dogs and the humans.  Even though it's a bit farther for us than a few other vets, we'll keep going here for the quality.  Pricing is fair and reasonable.
I am the husband that Linda refers to in her review, I CANNOT express how  PLEASED we are in Goodyear Animal Hospital and attending to our needs in a potentially tough time.    Dr. Megan Johnson.... YOU ROCK!!    We came to your Goodyear Animal Hospital thanks to poor judgment of our former vets (Estrella Animal Hospital) and you took the time, showed you cared (as did your staff) and really helped us thru the visit.  Our dog is actually doing better each day (thou we know it is still day by day with him)     We have certainly spread the word as to how great you and the staff of Goodyear Animal Hospital have been and how disappointed we are in the lack of attention and compassion at a time of real need by of our former vets (Estrella Animal Hospital).    We used to bring those 6 clients to them... yes 6, but now it will be ZERO based on this unfortunate decision made by them on a Friday afternoon.      I ask this... Would any other "hospital" turn away a potential dying patient?  Goodyear Animal Hospital didn't and for that we are most thankful!
Great, friendly staff. Plus they don't get mad when my dog poops on them while they trim her nails. Love this Vet.
Great, friendly staff. Plus they don't get mad when my dog poops on them while they trim her nails. Love this Vet and the staff.
These guys are great. I took my dog in as he was having trouble with his eyes, turned out to be uveitis, poor guy, everyone there has been wonderful as we ended up back there a couple weeks later as my dog got scratched in the other eye. While playing with our other dog. They were able to get him in immediately and treated the same day despite me calling at 6:00 and they close at 7:00. Since then he has recurring uvetitis and they are working with us to get to the bottom of it. They call and follow up which I love, they truly have compassion for your animals and they are reasonable with their prices for services. I will continue to bring my dogs here for anything they may need.
Having recently moved to the Phoenix area, after living in the same area in the NW for years, I now need to find health care providers for both myself and my dog.  That can be very stressful, and I want to make vet visits for her to be as stress free as possible.      I Yelped vets in the Avondale area and Goodyear Animal Hospital had great ratings, so I called on Friday to make an appointment as my girl needed to get updated on her vaccinations.  I thought I would need to wait several days or even have to wait for a week until I was completely free NEXT weekend.  No, my appointment was for the very next day (yesterday).     Everyone that we dealt with were awesome.  My girl is a little leery of new people and environments and they quickly made her feel comfortable and they answered all my questions and discussed the differences in environment between here and the NW and what we should be watching for and the reason for why a different vaccination schedule.    Goodyear Animal Hospital is awesome and Mina's new health care provider.  :)
I, like so many other pet mommies, am incredibly choosy when it comes to veterinary care for my dog. We moved from a small area in California over a year ago where he had been going to a Vet that my family had been seeing for years, who was also a family friend. Well my pup was coming due for his vaccinations, and seemed to be bothered with an ear infection too. I knew it was time to bite the bullet and find a vet. I was so pleased to find this place on yelp with such great reviews, because it is literally around the corner from my house!   They made it very easy to come in for the first time. All the staff were extremely kind and welcoming. They seemed to take a genuine interest in my pooch (I mean, he is pretty awesome) and were quick to get me back to a room. After a quick assessment with the vet tech we got to meet the vet. She took a look at his ear, gave it a sniff, and said she didn't want to charge me to run tests for something looking minor. She sent me with an antibiotic ear cleaner and said if it didn't improve in a week I should bring him back in for tests. I was so pleased that she didn't immediately push for expensive and pointless testing! Of course she took care of the vaccinations too, and for the office visit, vaccinations, and treatment, I didn't leave with too big of a hole in my wallet! I even got a follow up call the next day (a Saturday!) to make sure that my scruffmuffin wasn't having a bad reaction to anything! What an easy, pleasant, and refreshing experience! I hope I don't have to go back too soon, but will definitely be back when needed! Thank you Goodyear Animal Hospital!
Took my oldest dog here today for a hurt paw. After living here two years, I have found my veterinarian!  Dr. Hatch was patient and common sense driven. The best part was that Angel liked him!
took my puppy smash, this was his first visit to the vet and I received great service. the staff Was nice and kind not only did they love my puppy but they were nice to my son and myself. the doctor was extremely helpful he did a great job. nothing but positive experience cannot wait for his next visit I definitely found my vet
My older dog grew up as a Banfield dog in Tucson so when I got Elwood I wanted him to be a Banfield dog too.   I took him in for his first visit. We guessed within about a month of his age. Right around 6 months. The vet comes in, looks over Elwood and tells us "we have been duped" and that Elwood is over a year old. Okay, we had the dog for about 4 months prior to the visit and he literally doubled in size during that time and his little testes dropped too. Also we did not pay for Elwood, even though he is a purebred so there would be absolutely no reason for this person to "dupe" us. This dog outgrew all of his clothes that we had bought for him initially. Okay, we stopped the examination, if she couldn't tell how old the dog was within reason then there was no way in hell she was capable of doing anything else with the dog. We went back to the people we got Elwood from and got the vet records from when his little tail was docked and their initial visit. He was 7 months old. The vet there is clearly inept and there is no way I would let her do ANYTHING with my dog. Telling us our 7 months old pup was "well over a year old."
Two awful experiences.  Both times I arrived 15 minutes before my scheduled appointment.  I was not taken in to be seen until 30 minutes after my appointment time.  After I was taken in the room, I waited an additional 20 minutes before the nurse came in, a brief history was taken down, and then she left.  I waited another 20 minutes for the actual veterinarian to come in.  The whole time I sat there, I watched through the door window to the back room as the doctor and assistants chatted and giggled (no paperwork in hand, no talk of medicine or animals).  This was extremely frustrating.  The vet came in and apologized claiming there was an emergency that came in (obvious lie, as they were simply chatting and giggling the whole while).    Not only was the wait frustrating, but twice I asked them to run tests on my dog for his reverse sneeze, and twice they claimed "must be allergies, heres an antihistamine", and sent me on my way with a "we'd like you to come back in two weeks".  Kiss my butt, I will not be returning to your poorly run, sad excuse of veterinary services.
Need more front office staff! Horrible customer service both on the phone and in person.  Both my appointments were 30-60mins late. One of my appointments they told me they were running about 1 hour behind. One person waiting told me that he was waiting 1 hour for just to get heartworm medicine. Everyone waiting seems really annoyed and you can tell they have been waiting a long time or they have not even been helped at all.    My 2nd appointment I refused to wait 1 hour past MY appointment time. I told the front office lady that I was not able to wait. She was very smug with me and told me there was nothing she could do. So I walked out.   My first appointment my dog need to get some stitches out so whisked her away leaving me in the waiting area and in 2 mins brought her back and said they took them out saying everything looks good. There was no talking to the veterinarian. Is the veterinarian even looking at my dog??? I dont care how small my dogs cut is Im paying you $300 for all my visits and for a VET! Especially running a hour behind yup dont think she looked at him. I was really annoyed.   The staff seems like they over book patients (obviously) and I see all the parents in the waiting area. Doesnt seem to be any use of the exam rooms or interaction much with the veterinarian from what I see.   I am disappointed  because this vet is close to the home but I much rather drive twice as far to have a on time appointment with a nicer more personable staff.   I DO NOT recommend Banfield Hospital especially the one in Surprise.   I will def be finding a nice neighborhood vet!
Well we are new to the puppy wellness plan, and since we have an English Bulldog and they are prone to many health issues we thought this would be a good fit for us. We have been seeing Dr. White, and she is very very nice, informative, caring, and she is a great listener. I am less than impressed by the extreme costs that are not covered within the puppy wellness plan!!!!     Our little bully began limping unexplainably, without injury one afternoon. I became very concerned and took her into Banfield immediately. They took her back right away with hardly any wait, but when I talked to the vet I was very disappointed when she told me I needed x-rays for my dog. It wasn't the x-rays themselves, but the price!!!!!! I was told it would be almost $300.00 for some x-rays on her legs!!!! I could not afford that at this time, and inquired if they have some sort of payment plan for these high expenses, to which I was told no they do not....but I do get a discount since we have the wellness plan....discount, really????? all of 10%??? that is NOT a discount, that basically is nothing....I think for the mass volume of animals they see, that they should offer some sort of payment arrangement or some sort for these unexpected costs!!!! Times are hard right now, and this would certainly help to assure that we renew our policy when my bully turns 1..    .We need some help too, but 10% is almost a slap in the face!!! So now I am forced to take my dog somewhere else for the x-rays (I have to find an office that takes payment arrangements, which I did!!) and get copies of them to take back to Banfield for Dr. White to read them as well. It is a shame that I have to do this, but unfortunately most of us do not have that much extra cash on hand right now.    I will say that i do love the staff, and they are always very nice and loving to my dog!!!! they always seem to take the time to acknowledge her and that makes me feel good!!!!! but Banfield PLEASE do something about your policies on payment arrangements to help us all achieve the optimum pet health!!! Especially out here in Surprise/Sun City area, many many people are senior citizens and are on a fixed income, we all want to come to Banfield, but sometimes when the costs are too high and no help is offered for arrangements on payment, people are forced to go elsewhere for those services!!!!!! Show us that you care!!!!!
The medical care here is the equivalent to taking your child to a county hospital. I can't afford high end, Mayo Clinic level, care for my puppy, but I know I can do better than this place. They are under staffed. They give conflicting information and give VERY bad customer service. My puppy had an umbilical hernia. The sutures were HORRIBLE! A child could have done better. They sutures are normally in for 10-14 days. I could see the healing process had progressed faster than normal. I called to get them taken out on day 7 and the receptionist refused to let the doctor see my puppy!!!!. I took him to another Vet (All Star Animal Hospital - Mayo Clinic level Care...Bell and 303). The doctor started to tell me the 10-14 I already knew...but he was much nicer than the other place. I showed him the sutures and he immediately removed them. Crossroads Towne Center is never going to see another one of my animals!!!
While a single visit is not enough to justify an excellent or terrible rating, I was impressed with my recent encounter here. My dog had become very sick in a short amount of time and I called several vets who had no opening until later that afternoon. Crossroads was able to get me in right away and they were very helpful and thorough. The vet tech/front office employee was obviously very busy but she stayed polite and professional the entire time.    The doctor did not simply tell me what he was going to do, but he discussed the options with me and let me decide on the care that my dog received based on price and desired level of care. They were very efficient; it took less than thirty minutes from the time I arrived until my dog was treated and we were out the door. The price that I paid for this care was reasonable, even less than I was expecting. I am grateful that they were able to help us so quickly and thoroughly.
I have been twice now on the recommendation of a friend.  The first time was because I took in a stray who was very sick from a demodex mite that had taken over his body.  Dr. Leber was very kind and told me everything I could do to help him get better while still being conscientious about the fact the dog probably wouldn't make it (he didn't despite the medicine and the AD food).  The receptionist was also extremely helpful because I called daily to ask more questions.    Now we have a new puppy and I took him in for his shots. Wonderful points (1) I was in and out of there very quickly.  (2) They do not try to nickel and dime you-I was told he probably didn't need the de-wormer but I opted for it anyways.  (3) Dr. Leber is very friendly and down-to-earth (4) Again, the receptionist was very helpful and answered all my random first time dog-owner questions.      Why only 4 stars? I guess because 5 stars always seem suspect to me...and you will wait a long time on hold to get an appointment.  Plus-no hold music.  The first time I called after several minutes I was sure they had accidentally hung up on me.  No-just no hold music.      I will say I am going to look no further for my pets vet.
I have been using All-Star Animal hospital since i moved here in 2006.  Today we went for a check-up and to have my dog's ears checked.  The staff here is always very friendly and helpful, and the doctors are very knowledgeable.  The only problem I have with them are their prices...they are pretty high, but it is a good quality of service...
Medical care can be compared to County level care or Mayo Clinic level care. County level care is poor. Mayo Clinic is world renowned. All Star Animal Hospital is Mayo Clinic level care for your pets. They are very well staffed so they can take time with you and your pet. They are more expensive (WAY more expensive) than the original vet I chose. I had a budget problem and had to take my puppy to Crossroads Towne Center Vet and received county level care. They were affordable but offered crap service. When I needed my puppies sutures removed after only 7 days, they refused to even see my puppy. I could see my pup had healed faster than normal, but they wouldn't even see me. I took my puppy to All Star and started to get the same speech (in a much nicer way). All Star was competent and knew 10-14 days is the normal healing time, but they took the time to look at my puppy. The doctor saw I was right and took the sutures out. All Star is where I will always take my dog. They are TOPS!!!!
When we got to Az a few years back we needed to find a vet. All Star was close and well priced. We are not novice dog owners, and i can be quite necrotic when it come to care of our Beagle Ben. I constantly ask questions, call 3 times after to follow up, and will question anything I think may be wrong. The vets here always smile, assure me of what I am thinking, give advice, and do not up sell anything to me. My dog loves them and so do myself and my husband. Thank you All Star for your clean office, wonderful staff and vets, and balanced prices. You have a customer in us for years to come!
Awesome office and friendly staff!!! I have been taking my dog there for over a year and every visit has been great.  Both Dr. Kara and Dr. Matt have been so helpful and caring!! I also get him groomed my Jen and she does a great job!!
Great experience here. They took good care of my dog when we brought her in. Top notch vets working here. Even when she got sick and we walked in they took her in and looked at her. And when our dog passed away they were extremely professional and courteous, they let us say goodbye one more time and they made whole process easier on us. They even sent a condolence card to us. I highly recommend this place.
Can't recommend Stephanie Animal Hospital enough.  We have an older husky who is about 13.  They are great with him.  We use their vet services as well as boarding and grooming.  The boarding is a great value, I believe it's about $20 a day, and he is well taken care of.  Another plus, the last time we had him boarded, we had a check up done and had him groomed as well.  This cut down on future visits, which is great because we have the rare dog that doesn't like car rides.  You will get excellent service and can rest assured your pets are in great hands.
Update as of 8/13-took my dogs for boarding for the day. Lady @ front (curly mullet/obese ) was very rude and unprofessional. And slow! Also- The girl that came out to take my dogs for boarding was so quiet & looked afraid of people & dogs, Not warm & reassuring the way someone That handles animals should appear. She Just came out & Stood in front of me , not uttering  a word. After a few seconds she reached her hand out for my  leashes, so socially awkward. I felt like I was in a Woody Allen /Tim Burton movie. These people are creepy and not cool. I'm done w this place..          Clean and nice facility ,good for minor services for your furry babies ( nail trim, grooming etc). Overpriced for major services and I wasn't so impressed with the vet.
Brought my dog in with a deep bite wound after getting in a fight with our other dog. We were seen right away. The vets were very caring and explained what they did and how to take care of her wound. Very reasonably priced. The staff could be a bit friendlier, but I think we've found our vet.
I echo the sentiments of the last reviewer: "Very good and honest Veterinarian office with great service and prices and quality and integrity and compassion."    We've been taking our dog to another vet for the last 8 years or so and have grown increasingly disappointed with the other vet's staff, prices and overall service. Lo and behold, a friend recommended Parkway Springs and we've never looked back. Unlike our previous vet, they don't try to up-charge us for every little thing and recommend unnecessary services and extra procedures. They actually act like they care about our dog. Go figure...    In addition to veterinary services, they also have onsite grooming and boarding at fair prices. So happy to have found such a great place for our fur-kid!
I have been taking my dog to this office for the last 4 years, and would never imagine going anywhere else. The prices are great, the staff is friendly, and the vets don't try to scare you or upsell you into unnecessary procedures. The vets are also very thorough and caring.
We searched for quite awhile before finding a vet we loved in the Henderson area.  The vet here is fabulous!  She truly loves all animals and is just amazing with our 1 yr old dog.  Very knowledgeable, friendly , and caring.  She takes the time to answer all your questions, etc. and is extremely patient.  I also love how she actually sits on the floor when she comes in and spends time saying "hi" and petting our dog.  All the other staff are also incredibly friendly and nice.
Great Vet for your pet! I worked close so i chose to bring my dog here when we moved out here. The dog got suddenly ill and Dr Tawny(spelling) went out of her way at all times of the day and night to do whatever was needed.  We have a few more four legged kids and continue coming here. they all talk and play with your pet upon arrival which nakes it a more comfortable experience for pet and owner.They also board animals and the staff walks the dogs on a regular basis. The whole staff is super friendly!! I have and will continue to recomend this buisness to others.
I have been quite pleased with my experiences here over the past 2.5 years.  GVAH is waaaaaaaaay out of my way to drive, but I'm in it for the long haul.  Found them through the GSD rescue group (from whom I adopted my dog).  Mina is pretty terrified of everything about going to the vet's office, but Dr. Tawny has a great (dog)bedside manner.  She is great with my big baby of a dog, and I am nothing but pleased with her as my choice of vet!    I have found the treatments and checkups to be extremely reasonably priced, and I never have trouble getting an appointment.  Everyone there is very helpful and friendly.
We recently moved to the Henderson area and received a welcome postcard from GVAH for a free bath and $25 in veterinary services.  We got taken TWICE!  We tried to redeem the $25 when we brought in our dog and were told it didn't apply.  Frustrating, but  we decided to save the card for next time and give them another try  We called a month later for a grooming.  When we came to pick up our dog, we were unable to use the free bath unless veterinary services are received.  The job was not complete. Our dog was still wet and not brushed out.
I've been taking my dog to GVAH since he was 8 weeks old, for about 2.5 years now. I've been completely happy the whole time! Both vets are so nice and totally understand the "pets as kids" thing. They are very calm and are open to questions any time. Walk-ins are welcome and there is rarely  a wait more than 5-10 minutes, even on the weekends. All of their shots are $10 and the rest of their prices are very reasonable. I love these vets and won't take my dog anywhere else!
After moving to the east-side of Vegas and leaving our trusted west-side veterinarian, we spent a lot of time asking pet owners where they took their dog for vet care.  Green Valley Animal Hospital got the best word of mouth.  One Yelp check later (where we saw most visitors ranked the place with 5 stars) and we decided to give Green Valley Animal Hospital a chance.      A few visits later and we're big fans.  The doctors have a great way with our dogs.  And Green Valley Animal Hospital seems to only have a few vets working there, which I think is great.  That way, the doctor can get to know the little issues with each animal.      On our last two visits, we've seen Doctor Rose and she's been great.  One of our dogs is a nervous creature in any new space or when meeting new people and she recognized that right off the bat from his shaking.  She suggested that we keep a hand on him or pet him to keep him calm while he got his shots.  If the shaking didn't stop, she offered to take the dog into the back room.  The pup got through everything fine, but it was a nice touch for the doctor to notice the shaking, address it with the owner, and offer an alternative.       On top of the nice touch with the animals, the staff is super fast.  Every time we've been there for shots or a check up, it's basically been in and out.  Huge points for that.  And Green Valley Animal Hospital's pricing is a big draw.  They're completely reasonable.
We only trust our three dogs to these fantastic vets. They are reasonably priced, very knowledgable, and clearly very good with our fur-kids. We have to drive 25 minutes to get there, but worth every minute.
During my recent visit to Las Vegas our doggie needed to see a vet.  Since our usual vet was so far away I turned to my trustworthy source to get me to the right place. And to the right place my fellow Yelpers got me.  For that I thank you and am now paying it forward by writing this review.     Green Valley Animal Hospital is AWESOME!!  Dr. Rose is AMAZING.  She was patient, knowledgeable and kind. The same can be said about their techs and staff.  I didn't feel like they pushed any unnecessary services or good on us. Their offices are very clean and comfortable for both pet and us.  Ample parking and easy to get to. YES they are right down the street from the Ethel M Factory.  I'm so glad to have found Dr. Rose and GVAH.  They will be the first place we go to should the need arise.
Now reopened. Love this Vet. The day after the appointment we got a call to make sure everything was ok. We got a post card in the mail telling us our dog was due for a shot. Front desk is very helpful and nice. I very much recommend this place.
My first experience with Green Valley Animal Hospital was in April 2011 when my 16 year old border collie was nearing the end of her life. With GVAH so close to our home, and Midnight's regular vet so far, I walked into GVAH to ask if they made house calls. Midnight was in more pain than usual and I feel that she was trying to tell her family that she was ready to go. The receptionist was very compassionate and said yes, the vets do house calls. The next day, Dr. Rose and her assistant came to our home. Midnight was laying down in the back yard with me, while the rest of the family stayed close. We were all able to give Midnight her last kisses and hugs in the comfort of our big, green back yard. She passed in peace. Dr. Rose and her assistant were empathic, and I could not have asked for anyone else to have been there. GVAH uses Pet Cremation Services for their patients who pass, and I will say-- making a long story short-- that I would never think of using another. Sherry at PCS was very compassionate with the plethora of keepsakes she delivered with Midnight's ashes. I felt like Midnight was respected from the time she was carried from our backyard to the time we brought her ashes home. Thank you!    Several months later, my fiance and I decided our hearts were ready to rescue a couple of new puppies. It was a no-brainer that we would want Green Valley Animal Hospital to care for them. Fast forward a little while after their adoption, and we are now temporarily fostering two dogs that belong to our friend. Isaac and Gandhi (the pups) & Tank and Einstein (the big dogs) all love going to GVAH. Our several experiences so far have been wonderful (with now having met and worked with both Dr. Fenner and Dr. Rose), and I cannot imagine ever going to another veterinary office.
Dr. Rose is awesome.      And if I still lived on this side of town, my furball would still be coming to see Dr. Rose.  She has a great bedside (kennel-side?) manner with the dogs, and she gave off this vibe of tranquility when relaying news about my furball's health.  Dr. Rose has been the only vet that my dog has actually been excited to see, so kudos to her for being some sort of dog-whisperer.      The staff, from reception to vet techs, were also very pleasant.  Reception held down the fort and had things running smoothly, even on super early Saturday mornings when the doors were first opening.      Again, if I lived over on this side of town, my dog would be seeing Dr. Rose at Green Valley Animal Hospital.
Great staff, always friendly and knowledgeable. Their prices are fair as well and I always trust them to take care of my two dogs. They do everything for me with the exception of boarding because I haven't needed services for that. I really appreciate all that they do, and for taking great care of my "other" kids!     Thank you! Penny and Zoey!
Super friendly! Accepts walk-ins. The grooming was cheap. I think the vaccinations for my dog were reasonably priced. If I lived out in Vegas I would go here all the time, I was just picking my dog up from my grandparents (they kept her for me while I was in a move)
I love this place....and so does my puppy. She is so excited when we go there bc the staff is so good to her. Dr. Fennel is so caring and patient for this puppy owner with lots of questions. After a recent visit, they called to check on my puppy, something no other clinic has done. They also sent her a birthday card. It's all those little things that set them apart, but their care is exceptional as well. I highly recommend taking your furry friend here.
I do admit that I miss Dr. Tawny, but Dr. Rose is still a wonderful vet.      These guys are GREAT!  Very professional, caring, thoughtful and competent.      We are a Great Dane family, and these guys are exceptional dealing with our monstrous pets.  Our most recent Dane is over 200 pounds, and even when he was a 2 year old puppy, with all the frenetic energy that comes with that, the Techs still got down and played with him while he was waiting to see the Doc to get his shots.      Several times we've had scares with one or another Dane getting on top of the fridge or into a cabinet and eating something they shouldn't (there is no good hiding place from a dog that size.)  Even at 2 in the morning you can call and they will tell you if you need to take the dog into emergency or what to look out for if it isn't as serious.      When our 14 year old Dane started succumbing to kidney failure, she was too sick to get out of her bed and too big for us to carry to the car.  She was in so much pain she couldn't eat or drink anything and it was heartbreaking to watch her lie there, knowing that she was going to suffer for 36 hours before the dehydration finally killed her.  (Such an AWFUL way to die.)  Dr. Rose and a couple of the Vet Techs took time out of their evening (at 8:00 on a Friday night) to come to our home and put her down humanely, and then remove the body for cremation.  They were so incredible and comforting in our very difficult time.  They even sent us a hand written card signed by every member of the staff giving us their condolences.      Dr. Rose and the staff at GVAH will always have my business.  Their Excellent customer service, affordable prices, and compassionate care have earned my family as customers for life.
LOVE Them!!!!!!  I have been taking my dog to GVAH for many years ( and I can honestly say that I have never had a bad experience.  My dog is handicapped and he normally sees Dr. Rose (After Dr. Tawny left) but all the vets there along with all the staff know my little guy.  I think they know him better than they know me!  LOL This is the only place I trust to board my dog!  They know my dog and take very good care of him!  I can't say enough good things about this place or the staff.  I appreciate them all so much.  Thanks everyone for treating my little guy as if he were your own.  I know he gets all the love and attention and the BEST care possible when he is in your hands.
We have been going to Dr Rose for years she is honest, kind and loving! Our dog is our baby and I trust Dr. Rose with her.   The staff is kind and helpful. They always call to check up on Toto after a visit to ensure she is doing good.  I love the fact that I can just show up without a appointment for the little things Toto needs!
I took my puppy for the first time here and what an amazing place. The girls in the front were friendly and you can tell how much they love pet. Amanda and Stephanie were so nice. Dr. Rose was extremely sweet and explained everything to me. I seriously could not be happier. Thanks for all the hard work and for taking care of my puppy.
What a great place this is!  I transferred my pets care here after a bad experience somewhere else with a recommendation from a vet-rep. I brought my dog in after tearing her silly dew claw and the fixed her right up without any problems!  Sami is a very skittish rescue pet and I was worried she would bite but all the staff were great with her!  And, it is very clean, friendly and properly staffed too.
Great staff, and very reasonable prices. I consistently bring my dogs to this vet, simply because their staff is so friendly and knowledgeable. Dr. Rose is the best - one of the most well-informed vets I have met!
Since we moved to Vegas we have been taking our dog here and it's been great. Reasonable prices and helpful staff. However, what prompted this review was one of the new vets, Dr.Moore. Our dog was a stray,  he's skittish and prone to panicking. Dr.Moore was absolutely amazing with him. Teddy only came in for a shot, yet Dr.Moore sat in the room with us for quite a while so he could get more comfortable and relaxed. We mentioned having problems trimming his nails and when he took him back he did that for us too ( at no extra charge )!!     With six months heart worm meds and the shot, plus taking up so much of the drs time we still left paying only $68. Dr. Moore gave us some great recommendations and he very clearly loves and has a plethora of patience for animals. I have been to plenty of vets from the northeast to miami to here and haven't found one like this. I don't think I could recommend this place more, especially Dr.Moore and the great vet tech we had, Caryn.
Great place for doggie vaccines and a little expensive on medicines. but it balances out. quick and easy.
We saw Dr. Moore today.  It was very apparent that he became a vet because of his love for animals.  My dog can be skittish in new situations, Dr. Moore spent several minutes letting my dog get to know him.      The cost of an office visit was the same as my previous vet ($42), their surgical estimate was a little higher though.  If you are just getting vaccinations with no need for an office visit, they don't charge for the office visit, just the vaccines.  They do take your dog in back though for treatment, I'm never sure how I feel about this, but I'm sure it's much less stressful on pets with nervous humans.    Overall this was a nice experience for me and my dog, we will go back.
This is the best Vet in town!!!  The doctor is so knowledgeable and actually looks and touches your dog for diagnosis.  The staff is incredible.  I will not take my pets any where else ever!  The pricing is very very fair.  An extra plus, is the staff is funny and caring.  Great experience during a very difficult time.  Alma
Highly recommend anyone to go here!:) the staff is really nice and Dr.Goldman is a very good doctor and he's honest,prices are also reasonable. He saved my dog did surgery on her and I'm so thankful for his work!
Just say no. Save yourself some time. I've used them before, but just because they were more affordable. I honestly can't stand walking in the front door of an empty office, to be ignored by the staff. If it were the first time, I might let it go. But it happened the last time as well, and by another unfriendly employee. And it wasn't like they didn't hear me, I had a crying puppy and two loud children. Also would like to note, that the person behind the counter was NOT on the phone, or even helping another customer. She was just working on her computer. The lack of customer service is HUGE when it comes to caring for your pets. I mean, if they can't even be nice to the patrons, how can they be nice to your animal? Their low fees cannot make up for horrible, slow, inept service. It's unacceptable on so many levels. I will not be going back. And you should think twice before you go there.
North Las Vegas Animal hospital is not a place I would go back to. It smelled HORRIBLE, staff is very unprofessional and look like crackheads. There is no care or compassion given to the pets at all! I took my dog there to get her shots and will not ever take her back just for those. Clearly this place is ONLY about making money!
I have been coming here for over 10 years... Their office isn't fancy but the are not over priced rip you off franchise!!! They have always provided excellent care for my animals! Vet tech Matt has always showed care and compassion for my dogs! They offer half priced shot clinic on the weekends, so of course they will be busy!! This is a great deal!!
TERRIBLE place!!!!! First of all we have been going to the this place for over 13 years and they were ok for my dogs shots but if your dog gets sick WORST idea to take here!!!! The dr could careless he doesn't even ask you any questions about your pet. We went there because one of my dogs had diarrhea for 2weeks  the dr said don't worry about it as long as he is still eating and drinking he wil be fine.  No testing of any kind that day. So 2 more weeks go by and my poor dog is still sick and he started to throw up a little bit we take him back yo this terrible place all they say is let's take blood work and they gave him antibiotics for ten days. 3 days go by and the dr doesn't even call us bak to let us know about the results we had to call. The dr doesn't even go over blood work with us the receptionist just tell us dr said that to keep taking the antibiotics to make sure it's not a bacteria infection but that we would need more blood work because his liver might be damaged or failing. Like really if my dogs liver is failing you couldn't call us to get us is ASAP for more lab work!! So my poor dog has had diarrhea for 2 months now and has lost 11 pounds! So we go to get a 2nd opinion because we feel Luke this is not right. We request our records and blood work to be faxed to the vet ( green valley animal hospital ) and n.lv makes it in possible for us to get these records that we have paid for rightfully ours they didn't want to send them they say they did but we never received them. We call back and Jessica the receptionist tell us that Dr. Is telling her that they will no longer fax anything for us and then said the dr. Is telling her to hang up on us. Really professional!!! Bottom line is best decision we have made. If you love your pets DO NOT take your dogs here!
LOVE YOUR PET? THEN GO ELSE WHERE!  If your going here for their low rates then I suggest only getting vaccines (dirt cheap) on weekends, how ever if in any case you need someone to care for your animal, then you got the wrong place. my poor dog was sick with diarrhea, I took him in for his shots and explained that he was sick, they said that ad long as he is eating and drinking he'll be fine, well guess what he wasn't. I had to bring him in again for blood work I was never explained what was wrong with him instead they said Dr. Stefano says "bring him back in for more blood work" (I guess one test isn't enough or they needed to charge me again,  AWESOME). I declined, and sought a second opinion I went to Pebble and Maryland animal hospital, and when I requested the records to be faxed over they gave me attitude (how audacious), they faxed over only shot records and when I called them again they said  "we will no longer fax anything" and hung up on me! WOW,  how Unprofessional this is how they treat patrons, just imagine your animal in their care? You're better off leaving them with dr. Kavorkhian at least he would sympathize.  Take my word, experience and frustration and heed my warning.
Dr. Fisher is the best vet. You could ask for. He has taken great care of all our pets with love. Every member of his staff does a great job. Would never go anywhere else. I know my dogs love him as they go right to him and give him love.  if you need a vet do not go anywhere else go here.
I took my dog to see Dr. Fisher and I thought he was great, took his time and looks like he love hes job but his receptionist has the worst customer relation you could have.     I called just to ask a question to DR. Fisher and she would not let me speak to him, I ask please have him call me just for a second and she said hes very busy. HE mite tell his staff to do that, I'm not sure.    Its too bad because Dr. Fisher looks like a good vet but because of his staff and is very pricey I will not go back.
The vet at Oasis animal hospital was great and gave us a lot of useful/helpful information. But the last working the front desk was so rude and very cold when our dog was so ill. She made me feel very uncomfortable with her attitude. I won't bring my dog there again. It's sad because the vet was so nice but the person at the front scared us away.
I think that Dr Fisher is an absolutely amazing vet.  My Lab and I have been visiting him for the last 3 years and he has always been very informed, extremely empathetic and always efficient.  I have never once felt rushed; he answers all my questions, encourages me to ask more and makes me feel welcomed and my dog feels well cared for.    So why a 2-star rating?    From my first visit, the receptionist has always seemed cold, unconcerned and distant.  To but it bluntly, I simply don't like her and it's unpleasant dealing with her.  I have never once see her smile and that does seem to perfectly fit her personality.    On my last visit, Dr Fisher was away and I got to see a replacement vet.  She was the opposite of everything Dr Fisher has been.  I had to coax information out of her.  Even with extreme prodding, I came home with only a marginal understanding of how to administer the meds that she had prescribed (and finally had to look online to get the answers I needed).    Plus, that last treatment - for an ear infection in my Lab - wound up costing me $173 which I thought was simply outrageous.  I am accustomed to paying a premium at Oasis, and so far it's felt well worth it for Dr Fisher's expertise.  This time, it felt simply over the top and I felt I received very little value for that money.    So, reluctantly, I have made my dog's next appointment with Sunridge Animal Hospital next door.  I am told that their pricing is extremely reasonable and their service is just as exceptional.  When I made my appointment, the receptionist was instantly a 100x improvement over Oasis's, so at least I have that to look forward to.  I will post a review there when I get to know them better.
We have been going to Sunridge Animal Hospital since they opened and have never been disappointed. Our girls (two dogs) love going and are never nervous. Most of the office staff know us by name and even those we don't know recognize our dogs when we have been out with them at various places. The doctor's are very good and always follow up with phone calls. We bring our dogs in for baths, which are excellent, and I also recommend them for boarding.
Dr. Snead is by far the best!! My dogs love him. Go to Dr. Snead and you can't go wrong. Dr. Snead is the only vet that my one dog is not scared of, she goes right to him. He is so good with the animals.
Our dog has significant orthopaedic problems and has had bilateral knee surgery in Philly. While in Henderson, he reinjured his knee and we fortunately found Sunridge Animal Hospital. What an amazing vet! We were seen by Dr Maertens who was professional and thorough. Even though we sat around in the waiting room for an hour (with an appointment). Dr Maertens was apolegetic in a professional manner (I totally get it- waiting for a doc is a norm- I'm always suprised at how pissed off people get when they have to wait) and was fantastic with our dog. I liked him more than our vet in Philly, who we've seen for 4 plus years. We were able to get an xray, pain meds, and diet food for our dog who's turning into a little fatty. Big bonus- it was way cheaper than visits to the vet in Philly. I wish we were sticking around longer in Henderson. Sunridge would definitely be my go to place.
my rating might change.... I am only 16 days new to Nevada. I have 2 beautiful Scotties. They are my family! My 7 year old male scotty started shaking vomiting froth out of his mouth last night. New to the area I TRIED to find a 24/7 emergency pet care near my new home. Went through the internet. To no avail! Not familiar with ANYTHING! I sat up with my little guy all night. I was terrified that he would die! I just kept talking to him walking with him.... finally it was day. During the evening, I found Sunridge.... they opened at 7. I called at 7 sharp. They said bring him in. They did an x-ray, checked him out.... Dr Meartins was kind and nice. We left and I had hoped my guy would feel better. Despite the shot and check up. he was still shaking and throwing up. I brought him back and the Dr decided it might be better if he stayed overnight with an iv for his dehydration.   So here I am.... not certain if my little guy is okay. Everyone there seems nice. But I cannot give an A until I know that tomorrow when I get William Wallace back and he is happy again if I made the right decision.  I am always worried about the care given by techs after hours. And I would gladly pay a little more if there were puppy cams set up to see how well our pets were treated.  And everyone seems very nice...very nice here...   But as for this moment....another sleepless night for the owner of the sweetest scottish terrier in the world!  I am SOOOO hoping that tomorrow I can amend the 3 star to a 5 star.   As for now... all I can do is have another sleepless night, HOPING that all is well.....  I love you William Wallace!  Please be okay!!!! I love you sooo much little guy....and your sister Guinness is restless without you.   So tomorrow I will be in front of Sunridge at 7 sharp with Guinness to get you!  Please be okay!!!! I love you William Wallace! to be continued......
I brought my new puppy in for vaccinations. We waited for at least 30 minutes to see the vet.  When she arrived she arrived she was very rude.  She was a young girl. We explained that we acquired the puppy and he had not received first set of vaccinations yet. He was a month late through no fault of our own. We set up the appointment the day we got our new puppy. She was immediately judgmental. She listened to his heart and said his heartbeat was irregular.  Of course, she wanted to charge us for a 12 lead EKG.  after we expressed  doubt about expensive testing she suggested  we return the puppy.  By this time our new puppy was in the back room. We asked to have him back because we wanted to leave. It was 15 minutes before our puppy was returned to us.  We politely said we wanted to leave.   As we were walking out she was harassing about the puppy needing vaccinations.  We explained that we would do so elsewhere. Terrible bedside manner this person had!  Come to find out, it's not u usual for this breed to have an irregular heart beat. The next day we took him to a recommended vet who said he was very healthy. That was 2 months ago and our new pup is doing great!  I would not recommend taking your pet to this office. There are great veterinarians in this town but this is not one of them.
My friend recommended me this place...he recognize that even after him and his wife had moved to the other side of the city, in Summerlin, they still go to this animal hospital !     I have to recognize I was a little bit skeptical when I firs saw my new puppies doctor...Dr.Modi seemed really young, and too cute for a doctor, but she was super helpful, friendly and knowledgeable!     The receptionist, Amanda, she even remember us :), well, Zappa is a really good looking puppy,nobody could forget him!    Today was out third visit, I'm really happy with this hospital, really friendly people and great doctors! So what if I have to drive 30 minutes to get there...Sonata Park is around the corner, so give your pet the treat he really deserves and give yourself a pice of mind knowing your pet is on good hands !
In the 4 years that our three doggies have been patients of Sunridge Animal Hospital we've been very happy with the service from the 3 doctors we have seen. Having been here for both routine and emergency care I would not hesitate to recommend this vet for your pet care needs. The front staff has been hit or miss in the past but the new folks seem to be friendly and efficient.
My first vet experience ever!   They're it a great one. The girls up front are nice. And the vet was very thorough in his treatment of my shih tzu puppy.     It was a great experience. I'm glad I was recommended to this vet!
I love the staff here! I had never boarded my dog until a few months ago, they took me on a tour of their facility and spent time answering all of my questions. My dog has boarded with them 2 more times since.  She always comes back healthy and happy. I actually moved all of her vet care shortly after. They are very reasonably priced and take wonderful care of my baby. I recommend this vet and boarding to anyone!
Dr. Snead is the best, most caring doctor I have encountered for anyone in our family! Yes, I am including him in my list of physicians for humans, because he treated our 17 year old dog with as much dignity and warmth as anyone has ever cared for any of us. We moved here when she was 16, after having a great experience in CA as well. I didn't think I would find anyone who would understand us and care for her as much as we do. But we found this and more with Dr. Snead.  I had done some homework online beforehand in case we would need someone, so I did know where I wanted to try. But I was skeptical when we first went for a checkup. She had several illnesses, given her age, not surprisingly. A month later, she had a stroke. Many vets would have said she needed a whole litany of tests, but he was very practical, and ordered what was absolutely necessary for the circumstances. He carefully explained things to us, answered all our questions, and she survived and thrived. For months, she was fine, although her quality of life was beginning to decline and we talked about it. He was honest and open and easy to talk with, all the while caring for not just her health, but her whole life with our family. (I'm trying to keep this short, but I have so much gratitude for this doctor, it is hard.) Then almost 9 months later, she had another stroke, and she seemed to survive it, too, but not quite as well given her age and declining health. Days later she had a terrible seizure and we knew it was her time because she was now suffering. Dr Snead was so very kind, knowledgable, and confident during this most difficult time and decision.  Our dog was truly a family member and I couldn't allow her last moments to be in a car going to the vet. She hated that whole idea as much as we did. Without all the details, he came to our house and the moments that we had dreaded for a couple of years ended up to be the most humane ones we could have hoped for. He gently guided us along this journey with her, too. We miss her more than we knew possible, but I am comforted so much by Dr. Snead's sensitivity and compassion. Way above ordinary kindness of a doctor. When we ready to bring another dog into our lives, I am so happy I already know where to go for our dog's care. Our lives have been touched by someone we are privileged to know as a professional in the field of medicine. You will be happy you do, too. By the way, Heidi really liked him, too...she could always tell who truly loved her.
Good hospital everybody was very friendly this is my first time going..   I looked it up on yelp because my dog needed shots and this one had the best Reviews.. And it was very reasonable
We have been coming here for many many years. Every time I go, I ask myself why I keep coming back. The last straw was when my dog cracked his toe nail at home at 7:48 pm. The vet closes at 8 so I called to let them know we were on our way. The receptionist said ok, you have 10 mins. To get there, I drove like a crazy person being that my dog was bleeding like crazy. We arrived at 7:56. After checking us in and putting us in a room, we waited. And waited. Finally after 20 mins the tech came in and said: the doc wanted me to make sure you know there is going to be an emergency vet fee bc it's after 8. My jaw was on the floor. I said No, that's not ok I was here before 8, that's ridiculous. The tech left the room, said she would come back and we waited some more. She never came back. Finally the doc came in and started talking about what he would do about the nail never mentioning the emergency fee. He had my dogs leash wrapped around his hand. I asked about the fee and I said I didn't understand why he would charge us for that as we have 3 dogs and bring them a lot of business. He then began to explain that I was delaying the office being closed and he had to pay his techs OT to stay and....I stopped him right there and told him we were there before 8 and that I don't need him to explain to me how his business is run. He then said, he was considering not charging the fee, but considering the way I was acting, that he was now thinking he would charge it. I asked for my dog back and he refused to give him to me. I had to ask 3 times! I left and will never go back.
2 weeks ago my puppy got at acted  by a rodviller . It was on a Sunday around 7 pm. We got to Sunridge hospital at 7:15 , called the amergency phone number and at exactly 7:31 dr Roland was there. He operate on my dog for 4.5 hours. I can't tell you how wonderful and caring is the dr and the girls at the hospital. He really really cared for my Pablo!!!! Every time I called he was there for me. The treatment and the " I care" cannot be describe in words!!!! God bless you all for all you do!!! My dog will be dead without you:))) thank you so much for EVERYTHING . You guys are the best. One more thing....the bill was a joke :)))) could not believe when I saw it. Keep up the good work you guys are God assistance :)))) thanks again. Ruthi Martinez
Sorry, but this is wordy, but I'm not just going to say "hey they suck" nuff said...  I had been taking my dogs to Aloha, but they wanted nearly $500 each for a dental, so I decided to try Sunridge based on yelp recommends and they quoted a range of $240-$280 for a dental including bloodwork, extraction and pain meds.    Maybe I happened to pick a really bad day, but I had a different experience from apparently everyone else who's reviewed this place. It's a regular sized clinic, but with 6 doctors, as well as a ton of office staff and techs - from the moment I walked in, it felt like a disorganized mess.     The front office is always your first impression, and this one was too much like a human doctors office where they basically ignore your existence until they're ready. I'm fine with that for myself since it's the normal attitude for doctors offices, but vet's office staff usually seem to give a sh*t, so it was unexpected. They forgot to bathe some dogs being picked up from boarding, forgot someone's meds, made me wonder what else they forget in the back.     They didn't seem to know any of the owners or pets who had already checked in. I was a vet tech - if you don't remember the owner/dog by sight, all you have to do is glance down at the chart in your hand to see what breed the dog is. I'm probably being nitpicky, but this place just didn't have the personal and caring feel of a typical vet office.     I was dropping my dog off for a dental in the morning, and there's no scheduled time so I had to wait 45 min until a doctor was free. That seems to be what all vets do, so I'm not complaining about the wait time. Dr Martens was pretty young, but was good with my neurotic dog and seemed pretty knowledgeable. They also had misquoted (lying by omission) over the phone - the standard presurgery blood test IS $50, but the $100 full panel cbc test is recommended for senior dogs (7yrs+).     I got a call from Dr Martens a few hours later that they ran her blood test, and her kidney levels were a little off. He said that it could just be off from fasting the night before, and also stress since my dog freaks out w/ strangers, but it looked like the beginning of kidney disease. He said they could flush her kidneys and proceed w/ the surgery. I was going to automatically say ok, but then asked if it was safe to do that, and what were the risks. I wasn't freaking out, I just asked a simple question. His response was - well it sounds like you want to proceed cautiously so you can pick her up, we can get her levels more normalized and do the surgery another time.     That's actually not what I wanted to do, since a dental requires general anesthesia and my girl is old, I just wanted to know the risks involved if her levels were off and I would've been fine going ahead with the surgery that day. But I started overthinking - if that's the cautious route, am I being careless saying to go do it anyway so I don't have to pay $100 for blood tests again? I would've felt like an @sshole if she died, so whatever I picked her up.     Had to wait another 45 min to see the doctor, they just left her back in the cage rather than bring her out while I was waiting, so that was weird. The doctor recommended doing a urinalysis as well, so that was another $70. He didn't mention anything to me, but he prescribed her some meds and kidney (low protein) dog food - found this out when I went to pay the bill and it was about $250.     I told her no, I was going to my usual vet for a 2nd opinion anyway, and it didn't make sense to diagnose her as having kidney disease and prescribe way expensive food and meds she may not need without taking a baseline reading on a day she wasn't fasting and terrified. I showed the blood test results and the normal urinalysis results to 2 other vets - they said with all respect to the other vet, they would've interpretted it as being due to dehydration and stress.      btw the doctor also never called me with the urinalysis results he promised the next day - I called after a few days, and was told that Dr Martens wouldn't even be in until the end of the week. So thanks for dropping the ball on that too. I asked the office to fax me the test results in the morning, it still wasn't done in the afternoon and the girl on the phone said the fax has been in use all day - I asked, so someone's been faxing for 4hrs straight? she said yes. That's b*llshit - who faxes or even scans for 4hrs non stop? So thanks for wasting my time, $170 and lying to me about something as stupid as why you couldn't fax something right away.  My dog had a dental done somewhere else last weekend - they just gave her IV fluids before surgery, and all was good.
Thanks so much to the staff for helping me out! They were kind & helped get the matted bits out of the puppy that adopted me! I'm happy to say she found a great home! The staff was so kind. What a breath of fresh air!
I like the walk-in part for shots & a short wait, but do not like that they take the puppies away from owners in exam room to go to the back for the vaccination & deworming. Supposedly that is the policy so a tech can help hold the pet. There is no reason the tech could not come in the exam room also. I was a tech for many years before moving to Vegas & am very wary of this, especially with a 1 pound yorkie puppy. I want to see what is being done to my baby & watch closely that there is no allergic reaction. Plus how do I know that the back area is sanitized properly? This is my baby so yes I am super protective. I have never been to a vet that takes the animals in another room just for shots, not even vaccination clinics. Everyone was friendly, but not sure I'll be back.
Well I don't want to say it's a bad veterinarian, they're very caring with my pets. However I have quite a few complaints about their office staff, and their sneaky pricing!    Took my puppy there to get all her shots and everything with that was totally fine. Took my older dog in because she had this mass on her eye I wanted checked out. And also wanted her anal glands expresses(which she needs regularly done) Turns out they needed to remove the mass which was totally fine, and of course what I was expecting. Runs about 100 dollars, pretty standard. They were also running a special at the time for a 100 dollar teeth cleaning, nail clipping, bath, and anal gland expression. Pretty sweet, so I scheduled her for her mass to get removed, and her teeth cleaning.     And here we go with the not needed tests. "She's an older dog so I highly reccomend blood testing her to see if she can handle anesthesia." Ummm, sorry, I love my dog. But no. I don't want to pay an extra 100 stupid dollars for a blood test. And he also wanted to biopsy another lump she has on her shoulder for 300 dollars. Noooooo. That's not what I scheduled her for. So they're sneaky with their prices like that. And guess what? She survived surgery. Didn't need the blood test.     Now to where I don't know if I'd take my dog back. Last week, she ate a container of rat poison I had in the garage. So I rushed her to the vet IMMEDIATLEY! Not kidding I was there and I called on my way so they would be ready for me, I was there in ten minutes. So they gave her the shot to induce vomiting and everything and the doctor comes in to talk to me, with an estimate for the bill. Guess how much? $850 dollars!!!!!! Are you kidding me?!?!? It's cheaper to put the dog to sleep for god sakes! And then I said there's no way I can afford that. He said, well it's necessary that we keep her overnight, give her an IV, blood testing, antibiotics, and vatiamins, then another blood test on her white cells to make sure she hasn't absorbed the poison. And that's just about half the things they needed to do. Are you serious?     I would do anything for my dog, but that price tag is rediculous. I was there within 15 minutes of her eating it. There's no way she absorbed anything. Anyways, I was mad  And said at this pint just make her thow up and I'll take her home. So they did that and a stomach slurry and a vitamin K shot. My final price was $211 dollars. Still expensive, but better than $850. And guess what? A week later and she is totally fine.     Overall, beware of unnecessary testing. And don't let them "scare" you into it. It's easy to give in, but say no and hmmmm guess what? They always work something out.
I visited several animal hospitals because I bought a pure bread and want top notch service. They were recommended to me and a great favor that was! We just love Dr. Curtis! He is personable, honest and thorough. The staff upfront is efficient and friendly. I've never had long waiting times, and it's kept very clean. I'm so fortunate to have then care for my puppy.
The staff and doctors are awesome! The vets here are trusting and very knowledgeable. My dogs vet helped us figure out why she wasn't digesting dog food normally; we are grateful that after months of trial and error, we found the right diet helped our dog thrive! They are great on shot reminders and they truly care a lot about your pet here. The hours of the clinic are very convenient too. The only thing is, it is a very busy place, parking lot is small, and the average wait is between 30-45 minutes to see the vet.
"BEST VET IN VEGAS" Dr. Susie Costa - Fakler, D.V.M. - Legacy Animal Hospital     Dr. Susie Costa has taken care of our dog (Fred a Rhodesian Ridgeback) for the past 4 years and we have always been treated with such great care, respect and love for our pet so I decided to Yelp about it. I consider her to be the best vet in Las Vegas and she will always be our veterinarian as long as she is in Las Vegas. Dr. Costa is especially good with our very large 118 lbs service animal. She is not only exceptionally loving and attentive, but She is always well-organized, and offers the kind of personal care you can only get from a smaller operation. (I've seen the back area, too.) She is also very sensitive to weighing the benefits of a procedure versus the stress it would cause to the animal. This professional veterinarian is a gift to the community. PLUS, her prices are very reasonable. I would highly recommend her!
My pretty pretty princess Mollie Mae would love to totally speak on this as she has first hand experience. But I have decided to go ahead and write this review based on being the Mommy of said shih-tzu.   I went to Legacy Animal hospital because they offered a free check up and a free toenail clipping on groupon.   I went in taking my precious with me.   The facility was clean, the office staff friendly and accomodating. They even have a fridge with capri sun and water for patients parents.  NICE!  Mollie saw Dr. Murratore, and was immediately comfortable with him. I was impressed with the way he loved on my dog like he knew her forever kissed and hugged and petted. They were insta-pals.  My first visit ended up in a minor surgery because Mollie has acid reflux which destroyed her teeth. She had to have some dental work done.   Dr. Murratore gave me a quote and told me to bring her back.   The surgery took longer and was more extensive than they had thought and should have been more expensive BUT Dr. Murratore honored his quote (this means a lot to a single gal who doesn't have extra income)    He even told me he would finish her shots under that same quote when I brought her back as she could not handle any additional work after the surgery.  Mollie came home from surgery and was right as rain. She really recovered quickly and her follow up visit?  She was totally excited to go. Normally she is very skiddish about going places she doesn't know or like.   But Dr. Murratore made a believer out of HER and me ...  A huge thank you to everyone at this clinic for really caring about pets ... and their owners!!
We love Legacy.  We moved here in the fall and our dog has Diabetes.  They diagnosed her with a thyroid issue as well and adjusted some of her meds and she has been doing really well.  Everyone there is super nice and helpful and we really appreciate the service.    Oh, and Dr. Terry is awesome!
We recently moved to Henderson from the Midwest, and my first goal as a new resident was to find the perfect vet for our two small dogs (a Shih Tzu and a Bichon/Poodle). I am EXTRA picky about who I will let take care of my babies, and searched and searched before settling on Legacy. I drive past a few other vets to get there, actually. I take my pups to see Dr. Costa, and she is absolutely AMAZING, as are all of the other employees there. They are always warm and loving to the dogs, and are always very pleasant to me, also. Dr. Costa is very knowledgeable, and is so patient with my 20 questions at every visit. She understands how much these babies mean to me, and goes out of her way to make sure I am 'in the know' and comfortable in all situations. Here's one simple example: When our Bichon/Poodle didn't fare too well during her spay and was too uncomfortable to come home with me the night following her surgery, Dr. Costa called me to talk about the benefits of keeping her there to get some extra rest, and assured me she would be checked on throughout the night. Apparently Dr. Costa could tell from my tone that I was sad to leave her there overnight, worrying about how she was doing since I couldn't seen her. So, after I hung up with her, I received a photo text on my phone from the Dr., with a picture of my baby girl, doing just fine and resting in her kennel. I slept in peace that night, and so did our pup. Definitely above and beyond on Dr. Costa's part.    I also take both of my pups here to be groomed by Kelley. She's so good with both of them, and they always come out looking gorgeous! Long story short - if you're looking for a friendly, intelligent, wonderful place to take your animals, I'd recommend Legacy any day.
Dr. Terry Muratore is awesome. I've been bringing dogs to him for over 10 years and I wouldn't go anywhere else. He's patient, super approachable, great with my dog, and he takes the time to explain everything. Most importantly, he really knows what he's talking about. I always know my dog is in good hands with Dr. Muratore!
Our two dogs have been seeing Dr. Costa for two years.  She is our vet of choice for checkups, emergencies, anything pet related.  Dr. Costa is an excellent vet.  She is punctual, thorough, very knowledgeable, and loving to our two pups.  During one emergency visit she was able to see our pup right away and took very good care of him.  On another visit she fixed a botched surgery that another vet had performed.  We highly recommend her.
Dr. Costa has been my best friend's doctor since she was a puppy. Not since Dr. Costa was a puppy, but since my dog Isabella was a puppy.      This is where my parents and I have taken our dogs for several years. Not once have we ever had a problem or issue with the price or care we've received. I'm sure my dog would write a different kind of review considering she gets fingers up the rectum every visit. Poor girl. Nothing a stop through the Wienerschnitzel drive-thru can't fix.    If your dog has been acting emo and writing negative diary entries about their vet than maybe it's time you take action and give Legacy a shot. Health and happiness could be just a vet call away.
Dr. Brandt has helped my little one and our new little one for the last two years after I had some issues with another VET.  My dog has a cortisol condition, and she is 14 1/2 years old.  Without going into too much detail - she has a hard time standing on hind legs and has issues like anxiety, nervousness, body aches and joint issues.  Since working with Dr. Brandt, we have treated her holistically with herbs and to my amazement she has really made progress along with other treatments such as acupuncture and adjustments. I highly recommend her - she is a woman who knows animals and a woman of integrity.
Dr. Nancy is amazing and truly cares about the animals in her care. She has a very special relationship with all animals and I feel blessed to have found her.  She has helped all my dogs by treating them holistically. Her staff is also kind and caring and can't be beat.  Many people find Dr. Nancy when other vets can no longer do anything for a pet, so they say, "try her." What people find is that Dr. Nancy's skill and knowledge of holistic modalities improves their pet's life. My Jack Russell was always afraid of the vet and would shake and whine during the vet visit. The first time we went to Dr. Nancy, she adjusted her spine and my JRT laid down on the floor and relaxed. She loved going to see Dr. Nancy. I know all my dogs are going to have a longer, healthier, life because of what she has taught me. If you want someone who loves your pet, knows their stuff, and spoils her clients - then you want Dr. Nancy.
The spirit of St Francis is alive and well at this loving facility.  My papillon family and all the puppies have received care at this hospital.  Dr Drake even knew to have me take my mommy dog outside when removing the puppies dew claws so she wouldn't hear them if they cried.  And because some puppies can't be saved, I appreciated the courage it took to let me know when it was time to say goodbye
Dr. Drake and CarolAnn are amazing!  They have been caring for my dogs for over 10 years now and I have never had one complaint.  They are always so happy to see my dogs and provide them with the most compassionate care.  I recommend them to any seeking an honest, caring, loving, empathizing and helpful veterinarian!
I couldn't understand a word the doctor said, so I had to keep telling him to repeat himself.... He was trying to charge me $95 for shots! I asked why it was so much. And he said because he was inform me about all the things the dog can get sick of...and for visiting his office... I told him his crazy, it's way too much. So he lowered it to $54. I honestly think he was trying to rip me off. Idk what his deal was but I don't think I will go there again. Oh and it was hella hot in there! No a/c. Just fans.
Dr. Francis was my mom's vet before I got out of the house and I've been going to him for over 20 years.      He's nursed my sick shelter foster kitties back to health, done surgery on kitty that had an abscess on her neck/throat, and he even saved a dog I had just acquired a few days prior from Parvo.    It is a nice private practice, he doesn't have a bunch of partners, and he even has a low-cost shot clinic.  Appointments are not hard to get and he also allows walk-ins.    Yes, his office isn't fancy, but his prices are very affordable and the care he gives is above par.  He is always willing to explain things to me...and I understand him just fine.    All vets charge an office visit.  If you expect to pay for just shots without paying for the Doctor's time, go the Animal Foundation's shot clinic and wait around with everyone else.
I have been bringing my dogs to Dr. Brinkmann since my dog was blinded by another ophthalmologist here in town. Dr. B was able to save her eye from being removed  however her sight could not be restored because the damage caused by the first doctor(?) was too great. I take my dogs every 6 months to see him and his wonderful staff. Dr. B is the most experienced eye doctor for animals in Las Vegas and I recommend him highly.
The whole staff is awesome about always accommodating me and my girls' needs. The Dr. takes his time to explain what he thinks and what he would do if it were his own doggie. My girls love being boarded there. Thank You Ark for always going above and beyond what is expected! I really recommend this place!
My husband found a dog in bad shape late Saturday night, so I needed a vet that was open on Sundays. I found Lone Mountain Animal Hospital through a Yelp search, and they fit me in to their tight Sunday schedule. The entire office worked hard to make my nervous and timid new friend feel safe and at home. Dr. Beckes was gentle and so sweet. Nice clean office, fair pricing and good staff. Thank you!
We've been regular customers of LMAH almost the entire time we've had our Catahoula Leopard dog, Chelsie. I admit, we didn't do such a great job of socializing her, so she gets over-excited and anxious at the vet's office. While I'm not saying, "Hey, if you have a nervous, poorly socialized dog, feel free to unleash your demon at this vet's office", I am thankful that the staff is so understanding, patient, tolerant and caring of *our* personal demon.    Dr. Amy Munchausen (yah, that's her real name!) is a wonderfully caring vet and will definitely try to obtain the correct diagnosis for an ailment. Chelsie had a brief period where she had protein in her urine. Although we never found out exactly why Chelsie had proteuria, Dr. Munchausen didn't immediately prescribe a bunch of drugs or treat Chelsie like a medical experiment. Yes, the urinalysis every few weeks was a little pricey, but it was worth it to see the problem cleared up on its own.
The staff and vets at Lone Mountain are awesome.  The front desk staff have always been nice and friendly.  They took really good care of my bf's dog when he was sick, we had to eventually put him down but nonetheless, they were very compassionate.  We don't typically care which vet we see BC they are all nice.
We have been taking our three dogs to Northwest Vet Hospital for several years.  Dr. Schrader was great, but in the last couple years, it seems to be a revolving door of veterinarians.  The couple times I've seen Dr. Gumfrey, he has been rather quick with his exams, a bit too quick jumping into the exam without talking to the dog to relax him or her.  Totally different experience from going to Dr. Kim Coyner.  Too bad she's just a dermatology vet.  I might give Northwest a few more tries, given that the rest of the staff are great.
VERY expensive. And they misdiagnosed my dog 3x on major life endangering problems
I don't even want to give 1star here but, that's the lowest i can rate...don't ever go see "Mayling Chinn" she was careless and didn't have any knowledge on how to handle my dog even after I explained couple of thing about him she was kept talking to herself n ignore me then, she cut his nails too short made him bleed she didn't even apologize or anything acted like nothing's happening there even though i was freaking out next to her like i was invisibe to her...I still get chills on my body when i think about my dog's face how scared he was n his blood all over the table =(
This is the second time I have taken my dog here and am still really happy with the vet and the staff.  The girls at the front are very pleasant and helpful.  I usually get in within 5 to 10 minutes of being there (at other vets it would be 20 to 30). The nurse asked me questions and cared about my answers.  The doctor took all of my questions very seriously and gave good answers and helpful advice.  I will continue taking my dog here.
I know, I know.     The law says you must have your dogs balls cut off. But my dog is 6 pound and 6 years old and he likes his balls.     THese yahoos reported me to the animal Gestapo! That's right. Animal Control came to my home.     I ended up having to pay a grand to keep my dog whole.     Vets are like funeral home operators. They take advantage of people when they are emotionally vulnerable. VCA is pretty terrible.
We adopted from Lied Animal Shelter and received a free vet checkup.  We went to the closest one to the place we were living at the time which is on Charleston and Nellis.  We had a really great experience.  The front desk staff are very friendly and personable, and loveee animals.  I felt comfortable going in there. The vets that we saw (I'm sorry I don't remember either of their names) were very knowledgeable and informative.   The pound told us that we had adopted a Miniature Pinscher, but the vet brought out a book and told us he is pretty sure our dog was actually a Manchester Terrier and he was right!! I would highly recommend this office to anyone living in the area.  I really enjoyed all our experiences there.
this vet has been nothing but amazing to me and scarlet. i went here when i first got her because it was a free visit with the adoption. they told me she had kennel couch, which apparently is very common. the gave me the meds for me and went on my way. she got better then decided she wanted to eat my underwear multiple times and then got very sick. she had to have surgery to have it removed and then had to be sent to another clinic for emergency surgery. it was craziness and really expensive but i love my baby girl. they got her all fixed up and told me to come back monday, which i was dreading to do since i though there would be another visit charge. the vet actually just wanted to see how she did and did charge me for the check up visit after surgery i was in awe after that!!! i still go back for check ups and even took her to get groomed. she isnt the best with other dogs but they still took her and get her all prettied up.
My boyfriend and I recently added a black lab puppy to our growing pack of dogs. Actually, our little Jake will be the last doggy for awhile. So with one growing puppy and two mixed chihuahuas we need a good vet.    American Pet Hospital does two things: takes care of animals and humans well. Jake has been since he was brought home at 3 months. He has been for numerous shots because unfortunately he had kennel cough and worms AND THEN tape worms. However, no fear! The vets here have taken very good care of him. He does not whimper or shy away. He whines a bit, but he is a puppy.    The staff and the vets are animal lovers to the core, you can tell. They are always smiling and handling the animals with care. You really feel the warmth here. :)    I'm so happy to have found such a wonderful animal hospital. It's a bit far from our home, but I am more than willing to make the drive to Henderson.
We have been taking our pets to the vet at American Pet Hospital for more than 8 years.  Recently, our beloved family dog became ill with cancer and we had to put him to sleep.  The entire staff at APH was amazing throughout the entire experience, from diagnosis, to our last trip.  Today, we received a sympathy card from them in the mail.  Our hearts were touched, but imagine how surprised we were to open that card and see that many of the staff members had written personal messages to us!  (We often used their boarding services, so many of the staff members had spent time with our dog.)  The time and attention they gave us was amazing.  I would highly recommend American Pet Hospital.  They are truly wonderful, caring people!
I have taken two of my dogs here for shots and teeth cleaning/extractions. The vets and staff here are the best. I feel my 'babies' are in the best of care. I would recommend American Pet Hospital to anyone.
Horrible!!! I bought a puppy from PetPros and they use this vet for a free puppy check up. I decided to go, it's right up the street from my house and my vet (that I LOVE) is a bit of a drive. Once I got into the exam room a vet tech came in and asked me several questions about how she was adjusting ( eating, drinking any loose stool or vomiting etc) I told her no, everything was great but her stool wasn't as hard as my other dogs, which in my opinion is to be expected.. new environment, people and new food. As soon as I mentioned that she recommended a stool test "because 7 out of 10 dogs that come from a pet store OR breeder have parasites". I still said no thanks, I will have my vet take a look at her when I go in a week to have my other dogs teeth cleaned. She then said that she was due for her next round of shots even though on her paper it showed she had a series of shots less than 10 days ago! Said no thanks again. She went out of the room and spoke to the vet and another tech saying I didn't want to do the stool test or shots.. then ANOTHER tech comes in to tell me it's very necessary to do the test now and if they find anything PetPros will pay.. The second vet tech was SO RUDE I ended up walking out of the room. They are total scammers and were just trying to see how much money they could get me to spend! Never even got to see the Vet!! Ridiculous!!! I will NEVER go back.. PetPros should look into using another Vet!!!
This place was dirty and the staff were rude. I had to bring my puppy here per the place I bought him, but I will NOT be going back. They spent more time pushing the food they sell in the lobby than they did examining my dog.
Very nice staff. I really enjoyed my experience here and will definitely bring my dog back for her routine care.
I adopted my dog from the SPCA and American Pet Hospital was the closest vet to my house offering the free vet check. Front desk staff were friendly. We waited only a short period of time to see a doctor. She came in and my dog, being a puppy, and his second day with me was jumping all over. I tried containing him, but he's a puppy....she seemed annoyed.  She gave him a visual exam, just looking over his eyes, ears, teeth...that was it. She then got into suggesting shots, testing. I advised he just had his rabies and bordatella vaccines at the shelter.  I told her I would do a fecal to ensure he doesn't have worms.  My free visit ended up costing $120 in the end. I don't like when you go to places that offer free initial visits and then upsell and make you nervous to purchase things your pet doesn't need.  I never went back, went to Green Valley Animal Hospital. The staff there LOVES animals, they don't seem annoyed with animals, and they give you a breakdown of what they suggest you do for treatments, along with what they recommend but also optional.
Very disappointed in this place. We bought our puppy at Pet Pros and they required us to bring him here within 4 days of purchase.    I called and made an appointment with them by phone, was told to bring a fecal sample. The secretary mumbled that there would be an "additional charge" to do a fecal analysis but didn't specify how much. I showed up for the appointment and one of the ladies at the desk told me it would be $27.  I said fine. After they admitted us into the exam area the nurse (who was very inexperienced and kept stumbling for words) was then telling me the fecal analysis was $55 and that they were already in the process of doing it. (WTF!) I told them I was upset with the discrepancy and was not going to pay for it. Prior to the doctor coming in, she forced an ear cleaner into my 13 week old puppy's ears and really made him uncomfortable. After that she tried explaining to me that my dog is in need of a series of shots, in which he already had prior to us buying him. I have his records with the expiration dates, so I just rolled my eyes as she explained. The doctor then came in, he was very knowledgeable and courteous but was still trying to up sell the shots that I didn't feel were necessary. If you care about your pet, you won't take him/her here.
Not all vets are created equal.    When my first dog chose me over ten years ago, this is where we took him for his very first vet visit.  Since then, I haven't been able to find another vet that even comes close in terms of ability and service.  Not for lack of trying.      In those 10 years, I've moved around quite a bit, yet I always found myself back here...even when I lived in another state!  I can't even recall how many different vets we've visited, but I estimate at least 7 or 8.  Why did I change vets if I'm so high on Pecos Russell?  Convenience, because, well, living in another state really puts a damper on things.       Regardless, I've made and will continue to make the drive without complaint because I know my dogs are in good hands.  In fact, the reason I'm writing this review is because I took my oldest dog just recently.  The symptoms he displayed occur periodically and was diagnosed by an out-of-state vet a few years ago as some genetic defect.  After $800+ in lab work and x-rays, I learned...nothing.  They couldn't figure it out.      However, last year Dr. Paetz did a quick exam and said it was (drum roll please!): allergies.  So every year I pick up some doggy benadryl and voila! my pup is good to go.  I could have got bent over by Dr. Paetz and her team, but that's not how they roll here.  Just remember, not all vets are created equal.
I can only write this review based off a one time experience that was an emergency.    Back in December, my Irish Wolf Hound decided she would climb on a 4 ft counter and eat 2 pounds of chocolate. We didn't find out about this until about 10 hours later when she was struggling to breath and could barely move. I actually pulled out Yelp in order to find an Emergency Pet Hospital and this was highly recommended.    I called at about 7pm at night and they told me to come right over after I explained what had happened. They took my dog from me and put her on a doggie stretcher. I sat alone for a while until the primary vet came back in. She basically put it outright, without her doing a long list of things that added up to $2000 that my Dog wouldn't make it through the night. I about had a heart attack and said I could not afford that, so she said she would be back and see what she could "knock off". Next, her assistant came in and had basic things they could do for about $900. We had just made some big financial moves and even that I could not afford. The assistant was the most helpful as she said they could give her some charcoal, water, and some other things for about $300 dollars and that it would probably work. I agreed to that and they did the minimal things for $300.    Well, the dog lived and made it through the night without much of a problem and recovered fine. I find it awful that I was quoted $2000 and told my dog probably would not make it unless I went all out. I would not call that very professional if the bare minimum was all that was truly needed.    I give it two stars based off friendly reception and a very friendly assistant vet tech.
The vets are great but, Lauren at the front desk needs another job...she's a b----! Brought my dog in and vet was delightful but, forgot my Care Credit card! You'd a though I was some dead beat that came off the street. She embarrassed me in front of others in the waiting room by saying The we're to take my dog in the back as I didn't have funds to pay...which I did but wanted to use the credit as I don't get paid until next week! I will never go back after how rude, inconsiderate and unwilling to take my debit and then let me call her when I got home with the credit card. She wanted me to leave my pet go home and return....as a two time cancer survivor I am very tired by 3 pm....I just paid and will never return. I was treated rudely, and never would leave my baby with the Nazi Lauren. Good job Lauren you lost a client for the firm and I will tell everyone NOT to go there because of you! Didn't your parents teach you manners?
I have nothing but positive things to say about South Shores Animal Hospital.  Their staff is consistently friendly and Dr. Claus treats me and my dog with great respect.  He listens to my questions and gives thoughtful answers.  I would recommend South Shores Animal Hospital to anyone who is looking for great care for their animals.
This place is horrible.  The front desk girls are two faces.  They look so unhappy and bitchy there, causing them to give horrible customer service.  No friendly hellos from other staff, groomers, doctors, or even the girl that took our dogs away.      We placed our dogs there for boarding for two nights, it came out to $27.50/ night for the long run.  Some test crap that cost almost $30, just to make sure Dusty can get the Bortedella shot. On top of that, it was $10.50 for the shot.  We wanted extra walks for the dogs, which was $2 an extra for each walk,  $8 for each dog and I don't even think they walked my dogs.  We took them home and they ran to the back right away to poo and it was 12 noon already.   They charge for things and say things like "there is no way of separating it."     I strongly believe that this place neglects your dog.  Our dogs name are Hiro pronouncing heer-ro and Dusty.  They cant even take the time to pronounce your dog's name correctly, which insulted me.  My dogs now have the runs because of their care less ness of feeding my dogs the food that we gave them.     It is five minutes down the street for my house, but I will never go back.  i would rather cough up more money or even drive further to make sure my dogs get the right tender, loving, care.
I would have to say the care the vets gave my dogs and me were beyond excellent! Dr Claus answered all my questions and made my dogs feel at ease. I have had other vets in the las vegas valley but will go to no one but Dr. Claus from now on! the ladies at the front desk were very nice and helpful and the groomer is working very slowly and gently with a very shy dog I have. I would recommend South Shores to everyone!
I can't say enough great things about Dr. Claus and his staff. I have a 4 year old rescue Greyhound. Unfortunately, I travel a lot for work and have to board my Grey fairly routinely. He's a big dog and always ends up in the suite at South Shores. When I return from my travels and pick up my pooch, he's always well groomed, rested and relaxed. He actually gets excited when we go to the vet (a first for any dog of mine at any clinic).  Recently, he had to have minor surgery on his tail and dew claws. It was quick, reasonably priced and the after care has been phenomenal. I always know my buddy is in good hands with Dr. Claus, which gives me peace of mind. Great group of people!
I came to South Shores because I adopted a Doberman from LVDDR and this vet came highly recommended. I boarded her for 2 days awaiting fecal results and got a set of boosters. She was in a nice size clean dog run. She seemed happy when I picked her up and she isn't scared when we come back. The prices are very fair and the service is great. The lobby is very welcoming with smiling faces. They seem to decorate for the current event or theme. Right now it is Pooches in Pink for breast cancer. This will be her vet even tho it is not in my neighborhood.
When our longtime vet transferred to South Shores, we transferred too.  I cannot say enough about this clinic.  A fantastic front desk staff, a knowledgable office manager and awesome vets. One of our dogs injured himself while our regular vet was out of town. I had to see someone else in the office( which I do not like to do)...he read my Doug's chart BEFORE he came in the room.  I was highly impressed with him and feel that our pets will get quality care no matter who we see.  I have referred several people to the office and they all feel the same way!!!  If you want honest quality care for your pets without extra unnecessary tests and procedures, go o South Sores!!!
Goodbye Pet Medical Center; Hello new doctors with affordable pricing, caring staff and people who don't email me monthly reminding me my Pug is fat. I am extremely pleased with the South Shores Animal Hospital. I had been a long-time client of Pet Medical Center but my boyfriend wanted to switch because a doctor left our old vet and moved to South Shore.     We visited with all three dogs last week and I was extremely pleased. The staff was very friendly and handed the record switching from our old vet. We had an eye infection treated on my pug, a wellness exam on our Golden and a swift check up on our maltese. Overall, it was a good visit. I will definitely be back!
We have been taking our dogs and numerous other rescue pets here for 15 years. Dr Claus  is a skilled and knowledgable doctor, who cares about his patients and their families. He will discuss several options with families to ensure you are happy with the treatment your animals receive and are not surprised at the costs either. Our dogs go to him for routine shots and unfortunately we've had to have them go for emergencies as well. I trust  all of the doctors at this clinic, and have never been disappointed with South Shores.
I looked around at some animal hospitals around my area and these guys seemed to be pretty well established and have a decent following. I called them up, scheduled the appt and dropped him off early Saturday morning for his surgery. The staff were all very friendly and the office was clean. I was able to print and fill out the 'first visit' forms from their website so that helped with check in time. All in all a good experience. I will continue to trust them with my dog
I have taken my 15 year old dog here MANY TIMES. I have no complaints.   All the doctors i have met  seem professional and competent.      my 15 year old needed some emergency dental work. 3 teeth pulled at the cost of almost $900 bucks when all said and done. (yikes!)  But she NEEDED the operation and i did not have the luxury of "shopping around"   for a better deal.  I was very concerned about the use of anesthesia on such and old dog. But she recovered fine.      I even boarded her for 3-4 days during a recent out of town trip. They cared for her and i called in and got updates on her. I felt she was taken care of and was safe here.   Yes,  I would go back to Craig Road Animal Hospital.
Waited an hour to get a rabies shot for my dog. Got charged for a service that I didn't required for & the vet didn't even tell me about it. When I went to pay the bill it was much more. The vet said she will call me the next day with results. I miss her call by a few seconds and when I call back she left already. Shouldn't make your calls at the end of the day. Very careless~! Was playing phone tag by myself. Kept calling to get results but no doc to give me answers. Nurses can't tell you anything. Seriously you can't just read the damn paper.
Please excuse my foul language throughout this review... Expect a long waiting game. all you do is sit in a room and wait. I cant even begin to express how livid I am right now. All I have to say is... what the fuck!? That was 2.5 fucking hours of my life i'll never get back thanks to these retards. I went to get a dental exam for my dog and they never even looked at her mouth or nothing. Just asked ME questions. what kind of a fucking exam is that?They put me in the exam room and left me there for almost an hour before someone finally came in... they talked to me for a brief few minutes, left, and then it was another half hour before the vet came in. and she basically asked me the same questions the first person asked me. You guys should really learn to COMMUNICATE! Never even got a "sorry for keeping you waiting" or anything. Then she left to make a call, and came back 10 minutes later. I know it doesn't take 10 minutes to make one fucking phone call. They never once touched my dog(besides the first lady, she was nice and gave my dog a treat), or asked me to show them what tooth i was referring to or anything. I had to be like "can i show you which tooth it is?" The entire time i'm sitting in that exam room, i cant help but think "I cant wait to get home so i can write a review about this place" The vet didn't seem like she knew much, I asked questions about root canal and she couldn't even give an exact answer, let alone an estimate on how much it would cost. I don't want a specific number... just give me a ball park... 500-2000? 1000-1500? 300-800? anything! I finally asked how much it would cost if i opted for an extraction... she leaves and 10 minutes later sends someone else to give me the estimate... estimate was $655-$731.... again... what the fuck?! for ONE tooth? shit, what a rip off! Then I asked the last person a question about a different animal hospital... she said hold on and leaves... 15 minutes later... I'm sick and tired of waiting that I  just fucking left!! Its not OK to keep people waiting... 2 and a half FUCKING hours?!?!?! what the FUCK is wrong with you guys!?!?!? I'll never ever EVER come back here, and I'll NEVER recommend this place to anyone.
Are all vets crooks?    I took my 5 month old English Bulldog puppy in for shots.  I was so worried about the other animals I carried him in and would not put him on a floor other dogs were on. Visit went great and the cost for everything was $104 so I left happy.     A few days later my dog was sick and coughing so I took him in.  Turns out it was kennel cough he got because they gave him an inhalation kennel cough vaccine instead of a shot (Since they are the experts I think they did this on purpose to get us back).  He also had conjunctivitis (where would he get this since he is NEVER around another dogs or kids, just me). They came back with 2 prices, one on the high side which included x-rays approx. $450 (to be sure it wasn't something else) and one on the low side (low only to their profit) approx. $250.  I went through and removed things, I didn't think I needed a retina stain for $37 or the $37 antibiotic shot since they were selling me antibiotic pills for $30, I also didn't want the steroids $30 but they talked me into that, I got medicine for his eyes (another $35) and the check up itself was reasonable at $40.     So I ended up with about $140 for something they caused in the first place.
I recently moved to Missouri because my husband is in the military. We've been to two vets here and no one compares to the staff at Craig Road. I miss them terribly. Their facility is always clean, the staff is always helpful and you really get what you pay for. Dr. Stone was amazing when our new Boxer puppy developed H.O.D., we also saw Dr. Roach. We practically saw them once a week at one point because it was one thing after another with our pets.     Really going to miss them. Dr. Stone and Dr. Roach were my favorites.
We have two doxies we take to Dr Stone. She is very kind and thorough. We never have had to wait to see her and the waiting room and exam rooms are always clean. We are often surprised at how reasonable the visits are, expecting it to be more.  We and our dogs are very happy with Craig Road Animal Hospital.
We have brought our previous dog there and we had a good experience, the vet that took care of him was thorough of what was going on with our dog. The next pet we brought there didnt seem like she cared. When it came to talk about the bill she seemed more interested in that. When they called us that our dog will be discharged that day, the vet wasnt even there to talk about his aftercare on how we should take care of him at home. Anyway, we took him home and the next morning he passed. We have paid alot of money to them but they have not gave good treatment to our boy. I felt that the vet who so-called took care of our pet, took advantage of us.
This place is okay, but the prices are on the higher end, and they always recommend unnecessary things.  I've had dogs all my life and am active in the rescue community, so I take my rescue pups to vets all over Las Vegas and the southwest.  They always quote me everything that is possibly applicable, I fill the prescriptions online (and skip stuff I can get at any store for a fraction of the price over the counter), and take their advice with a grain of salt.  I moved to another vet for my personal pets because I am annoyed with the constant upsell.  I have three dogs and donate all my spare change to save dogs on the side; the last thing I need to do is waste money.  I feel like they're more focused on that than what is best for the dog, because sometimes, it IS okay to use homeopathic remedies, cheaper medicines, or alternatives to major surgeries or remedies.
Vet in Latin means " bandit"..230 dollars for X-rays ?.. Please go fuck yourself in future.. still ripped off..but a little better Jesus h Christ on fucking sale $230 for a xray of a fucking dogs front leg Really?..and for the fucking vet to tell me what the fuck it means.....another $45.00  Fuck em....
Craig Road Animal Hospital is the only vet I trust. The professional doctors and trained friendly staff are always prepared and ready for any emergencies. They saved my Piggys life and immediately jumped into action to start treating him. I bring both my pitbulls they love Dr.Daniels. She always makes me feel better too. When we would visit we would get the red carpet entry thru the back so we don't have to disturb other visitors. My dogs are aggressive to other animals and I could not find muzzles to fit them. Craig Road ordered me some so we could safely visit thru the front entrance. They offer all kinds of specials work with u financially and really do care! Thank you Craig Road Animal Hospital!
Dr. Calloway, Cortez, and Felicia have been amazing! We brought a rescue dog in because he had two huge seizures. We called to let them know we were coming at 9pm and they met us outside with a gurney. They rushed the pup back and let us stay with him the entire time. They have been so understanding and wonderful! Craig Road and crew never disappoint!
Brought our rescue pup in for a ruptured cyst and they got us right in. They were super sympathetic and careful not to overstress the dog. Very pleased with the work of Dr. Stone!
My family's regular vet is VCA Hualapai. They are the most amazing clinic ever. We adopted a rescue at the end of August, and his neuter was set up at this clinic. After a lot of disorganization and confusion on their part, I was finally able to take my rescue dog in for his procedure. The rescue organization and myself had only authorized my puppy's neuter and they were only paying for that one procedure. While my dog was under anesthesia, the vet doing the operation (Dr. Orleana Tampira, DVM) called me and the rescue to tell me both of my puppy's ear drums were RUPTURED, and how should she proceed. She stated his ears (smelled sour, were rampant with infection throughout the inner and middle ear and both ear drums were ruptured.) She wanted to know if I would pay for this or the rescue, a call for money per se. I was completely shocked and alarmed. My dog had been in for his regularly scheduled check up 10 days earlier and both ears were in optimal condition. I called my regular vet, she said something sounded out of sorts and told me to bring him in when I picked him up from his neuter. My dog had shown none of the symptoms that "Dr. Tampira" stated. I freaked for a minute, but got myself together and went to immediately pick him up when he was awake. Of the three people I interacted with (Juliet and Gabby? out front) and (Justin the tech who assisted) - not one of them mentioned an ear problem with my puppy. "Dr. Tampira" was also nowhere to be found. I left confused and went to VCA Hualapai. Our normal vet stepped out immediately, took my dog to treatment, looked at both ears and stated they were fine. Both of my dog's ear drums WERE NOT RUPTURED, and there were no signs of infection. They were also not cleaned as a courtesy while he was under anesthesia, because my vet found normal day to day debris in his ears. The only thing wrong with my puppy was he did not like his Victorian collar. She brought in a separate person to verify her results and I left VCA Hualapai reassured and without a payment. They did right by me, and my puppy. I give Craig Road Animal Hospital 1 star only because his neuter seemed to go well and his recovery seems OK. I'll know more when he goes next month for his next puppy wellness visit at our regular vet. The 1 star goes to the nice service from Justin the tech, and the two girls out front. The rest of the procedure was a scam for more money. "Dr. Tampira" told me my 21 week old dog with no symptoms had TWO ruptured ear drums and I have never been treated this bad by a vet. I was never provided PAPERWORK, CONSULT or EVIDENCE about my dogs "ruptured" ear drums. She just wanted to charge to mend something already fixed. I am thankful for my regular vet to reassure me that my dogs ears were great and he is OK. Shame for calling a dog owner while their precious pup is under sedation to squeeze more money out of them. I recommend this vet to no one, with the exception of the AVMA , State of NV, and BBB for proper auditing and observation of practices. Craig Rd keeps claiming my dogs ears are infected and ear drums are ruptured, while they are not. They have never provided proof. They have also expressed a desire to work with my vet to help him, but they never called them and I gave them all of her information and all of my dogs previous records several times. Something very bad went down that day, and I am just glad I got my dog home and he is OK.
I'm getting ready to bring our sweet baby Heart in tomorrow for her "Big Girl" surgery & caught up on her shots and routine examine health/ check up. I don't want to be up all night physically sick stressing over other people's reviews reading over and re-analyzing every last word. But I would like to thank CRAH- if it was not for your entire hospital and staff Heart would not be here alive now and have made it passed 5 months old- she just turned 5 in September. Before Heart we had Little Bear and with him was our first introduction to CRAH. They saved both of our Shiba Inu's lives Heart & Little Bear who has since gone to the rainbow bridge (who they handled his cremation for us). We didn't know about pet stores and thats where we got Bear in 07. We call both our rescue babies as we did save their lives from their start in a puppymill then to a "death shop" -  with the help and thanks to CRAH they both where saved. Little Bear  was beyond sick he was knocking on deaths front door. If you know the gimmick of how these death stores oops I meant pet store- how they operate and with their "free vet" visit then you understand what we went through pneumonia- incubation nebulizer treatments for both both of them . My grandma accidently let Little Bear out Jan of 09 when he was about a 1 1/2 old he was hit on the 215. My mom went to the same pet store traumatized over Bear and come home with Heart.     Same thing all over with the pneumonia but she was even more sick than what we had already been through. There are just no words that you can express when it comes to saving lives and thats exactly what happened for our family 2 seperate times their lives where saved inside your hospital. Our little Heart girl is the glue that holds our family together she is our reason for living breathing and existing my girl is our lives.     Now she is getting ready for her "Big Girl" surgery tomorrow.. Why now at 5 years old? Well we are bringing home our Shikoku puppy within a week and we have to get Heart ready so they will get along better and hopefully she wont exert her dominance as much after her surgery.     The Shikoku's are the rarest out of the 6 native Japanese dog species going back to 12,000 BC the Shiba Inu's date early as 5,000 BC. There are only 3 Shikoku breeders within the US they are a very rare breed in the wntire world. The mother and father of our Kima girl are very famous in the dog & show world her father is on the cover of books and magazines. This is the first generation within their bloodlines to be born within North America  we only demand the best for our special girls (every life is special no life more so than another) and just like Heart  when she was a puppy this is where we are going to take Kima of course also. The only difference this time around is my puppy is healthy and not knocking on deaths front door as Heart was and will actually be looking forwa rd to this experience this time around- and because of you all we can I just want to extend my sincere gratitude thanks and appreciation for truly giving me my "Heart" back to myself and our family
My poor dog was attacked by a neighbor's dog while out for a walk and had an injured left front leg and a couple of scratches and was unable to walk and whimpered whenever we touched her. The Craig Animal Hospital was the only animal hospital open after 5 pm to take care of my dog.  We were seen immediately by Dr. Stone and her staff, and were kept informed of her condition.  Thankfully, a pain shot injection had my dog as good as new :) For a panicked pet owner this is a wonderful hospital.  The staff was very helpful and caring.  I would recommend  this place to any pet owner! They truly understand how to care for pets!
This place is a total rip off they have vet come in and then have people come in after diagnosis with huge estimates for treatments unbelievable prices ... Went right after to another animal hospital and was given a price from the vet themselves and no huge outrageous estimate... My puppy was dying and all they could see was $ signs... Needless to say my puppy survived parvo but with no help from craig road animal hospital  and all the help in the world from another pet hospital not far from this used car dealership of a vet office ...
We switched to CRAH in September of 2012 when we rescued our 3rd Boxer. After paying, in my opinion, extortionate fees at another vets office. From the first moment I stepped in to the office, we were greeted by friendly receptionists. I am very diligent went it comes to my dogs, so this first visit was secretly an interview to see if the vets here would be deemed 'fit' to take care of my precious Boxers (I'm not kidding either ;). After that first appointment, I left feeling incredibly comfortable with my new choice of veterinary care. Having Boxers means we are there frequently!! We have seen pretty much all of the vets there and they all know my dogs well. The staff greet us by our names and with a huge smile. Sadly, we have been through some dire medical conditions and even had to have one of my senior boys who was suffering with cancer, put to sleep. Throughout that whole 2 month process, I feel as though we were treated with respect, love and most definitely a shoulder for support. I would arrive for the appointments every time, in tears and everyone was unbelievably nice and kind. They offer a service where you can opt for the vet to come to your home while you say goodbye to them, and this is what we chose (twice now) and each time the doctor (and Wes, the vet tech) were awesome. The place is staffed with a medical professional 24/7, therefore, on the occasion where one of my dogs might be required to  spend a night after a procedure, I know they are never left alone - something I absolutely could never allow! I am also a board member of a local rescue in town and we use CRAH as one of our veterinary choices for the dogs who come through the rescue. I have read some other reviews complaining of hidden charges etc and I can only say that from my personal (frequent) experience, every time we have been presented with 2 quotes - low end and high end, which is standard procedure with most vets in this town, and we were given an unpressured choice as to which additional procedures we wanted. I have explained many times that money is a huge issue for us, we don't have much therefore I need to keep costs as low as possible, however I don't want to cut out anything deemed necessary. I have never felt pressured or bullied or a bad "mum" when I have declined some services. As long as I have dogs, I will use CRAH to care for them. As a last note, after reading some of the negative reviews which are basically people complaining about having to pay for their animals medical costs, to them I say this, "you own an animal by your own choice. The odds that at some point during its lifetime it will get sick or injured and need veterinary care, are extremely high. Either get pet insurance, or be prepared to pay for your animals well being, or, just don't get an animal if you can't afford to take care of it. Exams, X-rays, surgeries all cost money. Why do you expect to get it for nothing? Vets study for many, many years and don't earn that great a salary, which means they do this for their love of animals. They deserve to get paid, and you need to be respectful of that"
I just took my puppy Paris to Craig Animal Hospital and the Doctor and Staff were super nice. I've never had a problem with them, so I'm very surprise to see all the bad reviews. I will recommend this hospital to anyone. Everyone tries to help you in anyway they can. Paris has been to different Vets and I can honestly say Craig Animal Hospital has been the best!
I keep giving this place a chance but yet again I'm disappointed. I had my dogs boarded here for two days and spoke to three different people about having my two dogs bathed as well as their nails trimmed while they were boarded. When I picked them up and was reviewing the bill, I noticed I was not charged for those services. The woman at the counter asked if I requested the bath and nail trim when I dropped them off! Yes, I told her, with three different people! I told her forget it and get my dogs. When I left, I was told my dogs need dental work. Every time I go there, I leave feeling like I've dealt with a used car salesman. Stop trying to sell me unnecessary services and focus on completing those services that have been requested! Yes I understand a $25.00 bath doesn't matter when you keep trying to sell me a $300.00 dental service. No more of this place!
I have been using this vet for about 4 years. I trust them to give me honest advice without worrying about it being about the bottom dollar.     I also highly recommend their boarding service, I've always used a different service for pet boarding and recently had my two dogs stay with Craig Road. they offer a huge run where both my dogs can be together, for less than half of what petsmart charges.     I cannot recommend them enough. I wouldn't take my dogs anywhere else.
There are 2 vets here, Dr. V and Dr. Wilson.  Both are good, but I HAVE A SERIOUS vet crush on Dr. V.  He is straight forward, patient, and kind. He never suggests or insists on procedures that are unnecessary, and often.... vets do.  Kind of like auto mechanics or plumbers.  Who am I to say my dog doesn't need an abdominal flush?  Well, no worries here.  He is the best vet I have had, no matter where I have lived.    It's a small business, and everyone is nice.  sometimes the staff are a little frazzled, but they are always working hard and don't leave you hanging.  I am so grateful for the tip on this vet.  I'll stick with him for my fur babies as long as I'm in the NW valley.
JC Wilson is the best vet in Vegas -- period.   I drive an hour to take my vizsla (our 2nd) to him -- and I wouldn't dream of complaining -- or (shock/horror) changing doctors.  Bad vets, in my opinion, aren't worth spit.  Good vets are miracle workers.  Really good vets are saints.  JC is even better than that.  (I know these are big words -- but seriously...I have grounds...)    First, If you have a hunting dog, he's your guy.       But more importantly, he has to be one of the kindest most sensitive vets I've ever met.  When my first vizsla was tragically and senselessly killed by a hit and run ass, I tried to call him, but I was too hysterical for the operator to understand me -- it was probably for the best -- he wouldn't have been able to help us in time.  But when I told him about it a few weeks later (when I was finally beginning to function again), JC wept.  He loved my dog almost as much as we did.  He knew how much we hurt because he lost a dog tragically too (it's a very sad story).      About a month later, my husband surprised me with a new vizsla puppy and I was terrified the same thing would happen, but between him and JC, they convinced me that the puppy would help me heal and love me so much I'd begin to forget how badly I hurt.  I didn't believe them -- but they were right.  Now our new baby is a big boy and somehow I've moved forward.  You have to when they need love, and exercise and food and water and friends... life is funny that way, huh.    If you're new to Vegas and you have a four legged family member and you're confused and shocked like I was at how to find a reputable doctor (and you've heard the horror stories), go see Dr. Wilson.      I grew up working in a vet practice owned by our closest family friend -- he's my benchmark for good vets and I never thought I'd ever find one that came close to my hometown vet -- but JC does.    If I could only find a doctor for my husband and me that I like as much as JC!!!
Not sure why their are not more reviews. These two guys and the staff have to be the best animan hospital in Las Vegas. We've been going this office since 2004. We've spent at least 5 - 7 thousand dollars in that time. We don't regret one dime. Both Dr's V and Wilson are straight forward, don't recommend or do procedures that are unecessary. I've never once questioned what they propose. We've lost some our best friends, but it's never by an action or non-action of these doctors. All of our kids have been older rescued dogs. We cherish the time they give us and in return give them the best in medical care.....This medical group has always exceeded any expectation we had.  Give this animal hospital  a try...
Hands down the best Drs. I trust them with all my dogs. There kind, cost effective, and have your dogs well being there main priority.   You guys do an awesome job keep up the amazing work!!
I have three dogs, and have been to the vet plenty in the last 8 years. I have only been here once, but my experience was great. The staff was really, really friendly and patient with me and my dogs. I didn't wait very long, and the vet stayed and answered all my questions clearly. Spent more time with me than my primary care doctor! They didn't try to sell me anything, and actually told me it was just a virus, and to come back if there were signs of a secondary infection. My previous animal hospital would have done blood work, chest xrays, prescribed antibiotics and hundreds of dollars later, my dogs would still just have a virus. Even better?! The visit for two of my dogs was $40, total. Previous vet wanted $42/dog. Also got info on their teeth cleaning which is SO much more affordable. I haven't been able to properly care for one of my dog's teeth because the cost at the other vet was $500 more. They care about the animal's health first, its obvious. Considering I liked the care so much more, and the prices are insanely lower, this is definitely our new vet!
I can't say enough good things about this veterinary clinic.  Their staff are all very friendly, accommodating, and knowledgeable at their jobs, and the docs are great!  I called yesterday because our dog had a gland issue and they literally told me to bring him in and they would see him (even though they had a full waiting room).  They did surgery and we had our dog the same afternoon.  The Vet explained everything in detail and answered all of my questions.  Their pricing is also very fair, and the care that they provide is awesome!  Big thumbs up for this business!
I had a very bad experience with my last 3 or 4 encounters with this place. Called to board my animals and was given one price but when I picked up my animals the price was much higher. A few times I made appointments I was asked if it was for a deceased pet that was still in their system even after repeatedly telling them the animal had passed away! Sent one of my animals to get neutered and discussed with the Dr. to remove dew claws while my dog was under. This wasn't done, although later I saw that the Dr. noted it in the chart, and I ended up having to put him under again to do the procedure. Being a long time client (9 years and 6 pets) I thought I should take the time to let the office manager of my problems. She (the Dr.'s wife) was rude, offered no apologies and even told me that I should take the blame for not double, triple checking to make sure I got the right price and the right procedure done! Are you kidding me??? She said she'd never had any complaints to which I told her most people just change vets while I was sincerely trying to bring her attention to customer service issues. FIRED!! Now go to South Shores Animal Hosp. and am VERY happy with their customer service!!     PS.  I also felt as if I were buying a used car every time I would see Dr. Goldman because he would try to sell me every product that he had on the shelf as if that was his primary source of income!!  Made a vow to spread my horrible experience with this clinic.
I totally agree with the reviewer that said it feels as if you are dealing with a used car salesman when you deal with Dr. Goldman! My chihuahua has epilepsy, and since we just recently moved from Seattle, we were looking for a new vet to take her to for check-ups periodically.  Dr. Goldman spent over half an hour talking to us....but not about our dog....instead he spent that time trying to convince us that he was not trying to pad the bill, even though neither of us had even seen the bill yet, nor had we complained about price or implied that he was overcharging for anything. It struck us as really odd that his primary focus would be trying to convince us that he wasn't a shyster, which definitely gives you the impression that he'd been accused of such a thing by others. All we were looking for was someone to occasionally prescribe her a muscle relaxer or valium to help with her seizures, but what he worked up as a protocol for her was going to cost almost $600.00!! (all this while telling us that he's not sure that what he had planned would even help!) When we told him "Thank you, anyways." he shook his head and gave us a disapproving look.   Thanks, but no thanks.
My dogs have been going to Island Pet Hospital for years now.  I have also used their boarding many times.  Today my dog didn't feel well.  I called and got right in for an appointment.  On the way from the car to the front door we saw a couple of the kennel staff who called out to my dog.  They then walked out of their way to come pet her.  Once inside we were shown to a room where other kennel staff who heard we were there came to the room to see the dog.  Imagine how many animals they must see and yet they remembered my dog, BY NAME and took the time to come say hello.  Dr. Collins came in to treat her, got down on the floor and while talking to and petting the dog, did an exam.  We talked about how to treat and are taking the less expensive route first, as this dog is prone to UTI's.....and if she isn't better in a couple of days, we will then go back for more tests.  I can't say enough good things about how caring the entire staff of Island Pet Hospital is!!!!!
The Island Pet Hospital is the best hands down. They have the CLEANEST facility I've ever seen and their staff is so courteous, helpful and super friendly. They make me feel like family, which is super important when trusting my animals care to someone. They are not expensive and are convenient to get to. They do everything and they board animals all at very competitive prices, and my dog always leaves so happy, I wonder if she misses me at all. I seriously love this place. No matter where I move in town this is my vet!     I can't say enough good things about the doctors and staff and cleanliness. Its far superior to any vet I've ever been to in town or out of town for that matter. I never have wait times, and my dog loves it there. They treat her like she is a true member of their family. They are genuine, sincere and are knowledgeable most of all. They are always a phone call away and ready to help.
LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!!!   Stephanie at the front desk is so great!  She is patient and professional and doesn't freak out when you do. Took my Greyhound Cooper here to have his teeth cleaned as he has had terrible problems since his time on the race track. The track obviously didnt take care of him at all. We had taken him to get his teeth cleaned a year prior and were so surprised that they didnt pull any of his teeth because we could tell that he had some serious issues going on in there.  But I digress.... By the time we got him to Courtyard my poor dog needed to have 36 teeth pulled!!  36!!! he only has 6 teeth left!  Poor guy... but the point is I just about passed out and freaked out for a second or two... Stephanie was as "Cool as the underside of my pillow" and let me have my moment.  They took great care of Cooper and of us.  I was shocked at how low the Vet Bill ended up being for having to pull 36 teeth!  They were so great!  You can tell that every member of their staff cares about the animals.  The Dr's are WONDERFUL!!!  I love my dogs like my kids and wouldn't ever recommend a Vet unless I was 100% sure.  LOVE THESE GUYS!!  Reasonable Price, Great Service, Excellent Vet & Staff.  Your baby will be safe there and so will your wallet!!    FYI.. Grooming Special $30 for toe nail trim, bath, ear cleaning, and brushing.  PLUS if you take your dog their for their shots they get a free grooming!!  I'm telling you they are the BEST!!!
I had a terrible experience. I took my dog in to have her ears cleaned. They let a student do the work! He burst both eardrums.  The Dr. did not even check the work.  I had to return and then was told about what happened.  They were not even nice about the pain my dog suffered. I go to Town Center off 215.They are wonderful and very reasonable.We see Dr. Morales.
I have two dogs - a rescue greyhound and a mixed breed - and have been bringing them to Sun City Animal Hospital for about a year and a half. I have absolutely no complaints about the staff or the service here! Everyone is friendly, the building is clean, and I always feel like the doctors are giving my dogs every consideration.
I've been ripped off by this place for a long time. I kept going back because it is so close to home but every single time I felt overcharged and I always promised myself to never go there again. This is the right time, I've been researching a little and I will take my pets somewhere else from now on.   They all act like car salesman, not the classy ones, but the ones on boulder highway. They push things like crazy, they know you will do anything for your babies because you love them so much but like I said every time there is always regret. Last time I left my dog overnight, a blood and xrays $750. Previous time an advertised $125 dental cleaning became $1200, the most misleading people ever. They called me saying that my dog was under anastasia and I had to spend more than I was initially quoted, like that was a time for me to shop around - ridiculous. But then it was a ton more than they even told me on the phone because they didn't quote the medicine. I really think they should be ashamed of themselves and they need to be exposed and hopefully they will either start being decent or go out of business. Doctors there have 0 compassion  and majority of the people working the front desk are short, no hi or bye, walmart kind of employees.  Never again.
I have taken my dogs to Dr. Knehr for well over ten years.  They were wonderful with both Cookie and Rosey.  Cookie was diagnosed with a liver problem at a year and a half, and was not expected to make it.   Thanks to Dr. Knehr she lived to be twelve.  I have since moved to Washington, but I miss Sun City Animal Hospital and the care my animals got there.  I lost Rosey in October, but she was 14.  So thank you Dr. Knehr,and staff for keeping such good care of my dogs.                                                                                                Sherry McCann
Came with my friend to get her dogs her shots. They're very very friendly and sweet to the animals. They have doggy treats to give them as well. Price for lab work goes to about $100 (not sure specifically for which) and her required doggy shots (he ones you need so you can get groomed and go to the park) come to about $70.     They weighted her and made sure they assured her dog that she's ok ad her dog was very fearful of being on the table, and up so high. To be honest, I admire their sense of empathy, hospitality, and comfort they bring to their patients as I wished regular doctors that treat us humans would be just as comforting and empathetic.
Sun City Animal Hospital is the best!!! I had searched for a really special hospital and boarding facility for my precious darling doggie, Zoey!  She is taken care of and is known by name at Sun City Animal Hospital.  She loves the staff there and so do i!  The best care is what your doggie needs and SCAH really provides the best vets, asistants and all around caring atmosphere that is necessary for your pet's optimal care.  I highly recommend SCAH - even my friends all go there - little Macy and Champie (who are the'children' of my two best friends...Everyone is so pleased with SCAH!  Especially, ZOEY, myself and my husband!  Thank you for providing excellent care for the unconditional forever friends in our community! YAY! Kudos to Sun City Animal Hospital!
Today was my first time here. The place is a older but quaint place. We were greeted right away and after 5 minutes we were ushered into a room. The doctor came in right away....which was surprising, because we generally have to wait 10-15 minutes at other places. The doctor came in and we immediately started discussing what was going on. I felt that the doctor actually listened to our concerns and instead of just jumping to a conclusion/treatment right away, there will be tests done. We have a follow up appointment next week and until then hopefully the dog gets better.
We are new to the area and I'm so happy we found this place. The staff was very nice when I called and when I brought my dog in. We met Dr. Wallace and he was also very nice. My dog is very shy but she went right up to Dr. Wallace..that says a lot about him!
I recently adopted my dog from the Animal Foundation & they gave me a free first visit. My dog had to have her baby teeth extracted because they didn't fall out on their own. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Dr Knighton was so pleasant and had such a calm demeanor which I think was very reassuring, since my dog is a shelter animal has a very nervous demeanor. It put me at such ease that he had such a wonderful way with my little Trixie.
We recently adopted a 3 month old Chihuahua puppy from the Animal Foundation and we were given a list of vets we could go to for a free checkup. After Yelping the vets on the list this was the best reviewed. Although it is far from our house in Anthem Highlands, I feel it is worth it.. The staff is very nice and Dr. Knighton is great with very good credentials. Also, Upon our second visit for booster shots, they waived the check up fee of $55 and only charged us the $35 for booster shots. WIN.. Recommended!
Very attentive and friendly!    I came here because my new puppy got diarrhea and had a pink tone to his droppings and was completely drained of energy.    I came in a little after they opened and was taken right away. The veterinarian who helped us was very helpful and genuinely cared for my puppy. He was not pushy or quick to get us out the door like some vets I've experienced. he held him and comforted him as well. My puppy ended up getting a parvo test, thank goodness that was negative!, and was prescribed some medicine before we headed home. Two days later my puppy still had diarrhea so we called in to ask about the medicine and what we should do and they let us speak with another vet over the phone. We told him what was going on and the medicine we had and he gave us some helpful advice and answered all our questions without is having to drive there or pay for another exam. I really appreciated that he took some time to actually speak with us over the phone.    Overall, I am very pleased with the hospital. If I ever have an emergency or need to see a vet, I'll be sure to take my pets here.
reception was very rude and was acting like we were interrupting her "chill " time.  Dr. went from telling me my dog needed to lose 12lbs to only 2lbs. Maybe a second opinion is needed.
Dr Wallace and his staff are amazing! We had a very bad experience with our puppy at a previous vet and came to VCA for a second opinion. Dr. Wallace took the time to do a thorough examination and answer all questions we had. He explained the process of the tests needed and what they would tell us. Pricing is certainly within the norm and the staff make sure you fully understand each procedure (and cost) before performing it. We will certainly keep coming here!
We've been patients here for 15 years. We started coming here when we bought our first puppy on a recommendation from that breeder.     We have lost our oldest dog, but still bring our other two dogs and we also brought our two litters of puppies here for care.    We now live on the other aide of town and still make the drive just because the drs here are so fantastic.    The staff is very helpful and friendly and always explains everything and gives us different treatment options.    I wouldn't even think about trying anyone else.
Dr. Knighton and the staff are amazing. I brought my doggie there because she was ill. They gave her the best care and at such affordable rates. My doggie is doing fine and has been back to get up to date in her vaccines.     Highly recommend them because I feel they truly care about the health and well being of the pets they treat. They treated my senior dog with care and gentleness.
Friendly, no-nonsense veterinary office. The receptionist was extremely friendly and helpful. The vet tech and vet were fantastic - no complaints.    My only problem? To get my dog's toenails trimmed cost $20. For comparison, the most I've ever paid anywhere else was $8. She's a 6-lb chihuahua... it took them about 3 minutes to complete.    I'll be back because they're close to where I live and I think they'll be a solid vet, but $20? Wow.
My dog suffered from severe allergies for years before Dr. Sanftleben suggested a regimen that worked wonders. She was able to diagnose problems all the other vets had missed. I'm really glad we remembered that our breeder recommended Spring Harbor- just wish we had taken her there first.    My dog had a medical chart a mile long and Dr. Sanftleben read through all of it.  That level of research sounds standard but was not the case at other vets in the area.    Another big plus is that we're always able to get in on short notice if there's something wrong with our dog.    I can't imagine taking my dog anywhere else.
Let me preface this post by saying that most veterinarians relate better to animals than their human owners, so try not to be turned-off by a vet that seems a bit cold, etc. This advice applies to any vet you meet, not just those at Spring Harbor...  So, Spring Harbor is especially known for Dr Link, who, as I understand it, is known for his work on larger-dogs particularly with hip displaysia. He was not our vet, so I don't know what he's like.  This clinic is also popular among the showing/breeding set (I mean real breeders- those that compete in dog shows and whose litters are spoken for before they're born, not the people who have unplanned litters born in their basements and then try to sell them). This makes me think that the staff is used to dealing with showdog families. I'm not one of them, but have my own dog and usually a foster and am also pretty knowledgeable myself.  Our doctor has been very attentive, but we have had pretty ordinary, general health check-ups and vaccinations. When I did have a brief health scare with a foster dog, the doctor was really helpful in trying to squeeze me in for a visit, and e-mailed too.   In general, I continue with this clinic and vet because I know their facilities are quite complete, our vet is responsive to me and my dogs, and will get back to me and try to get my pet in to see him, even if it's a Saturday. I think their prices are pretty average for an advanced pet clinic in Madison, and quite a bit cheaper than our vet was in Chicago!
I've used this clinic now for 4 dogs (& a fifth next week) that needed OFA x-rays. They were fast, caring, efficient and my dogs felt safe with the tech. Dr. Sondel is so helpful and knowledgeable. I also took a dog in for some tests related to breeding and he was thorough in his exam, and spot on with his diagnosis. I am now taking another new dog up there even though this is a 1 hr. and 15 min. drive for me. It's worth it! I also think their prices are really sensible and I feel like I definitely got my money's worth. The x-ray he took to tell me how many puppies my dog would have were accurate too. Love the digital x-rays they can do. I've recommended them to several friends now and they have all thanked me for the referral since they liked the service as well. When I need to change appointments due to my busy schedule, they are so helpful and never make me feel bad for doing it. Love this clinic!!
Our dog Max has received nothing but first rate care from Dr. Hook and the staff at Arbor Ridge. We have been taking him there since he was a puppy and he is always happy to see the staff and leaves in a great mood.
I've been taking my dog here since we got him, so he's been here for check-ups, shots, health issues, and to be neutered.  Every time I've been the vets were great.  I think we've seen all of them and they're all wonderful with my dog and know what they're doing.
I was referred to Dr Leuthner by a friend who is a long time volunteer at our local animal shelter, where he also worked.  I left a different vet who vastly overcharged me for a teeth cleaning, leaving me feeling quite betrayed. Their prices are good, the vet techs who work there are great and love our dog, and we have had good experiences with them since day one.  I'd recommend them as a very good vet who really cares about your pet's well being, and at a reasonable price
We've taken our pets to Fitchburg Veterinary for years. My dog has a lot of anxiety and fear when going to the vet (from a different vet) and Dr. Lukas and all the staff there always understanding and try to put him at ease. We are always able to get in for an appointment quickly and the staff there is friendly and helpful.
We take both our dogs to FVH and have no complaints and have never had any problems. We've found the staff and medical staff to all be competent and friendly and very responsive to questions. I would (and have) recommend them to anyone looking for a good vet on the west side of Madison.
I would never reccomnend that anyone bring their dog here.  Miki stayed here for 3 nights. While she was here, she had a full wellness exam and her annual vaccines.  When I picked Miki up, I noticed that she had developed a cough. She had developed kennel cough, even though she was vaccinated for it that weekend , and wasn't actually due until July.  The staff didn't say anything about it  when I picked her up on Tuesday (they were closed on Monday).  She smelled terrible. I took her home and gave her a bath right  away.  During the next 2 days she maintained this cough.  I called the veteranarian side of the business and asked if they would perscribe something for her. They said they would not prescribe with out seeing her. I asked them if they would be charging for the visit, becuase Miki had developed the cough in their facility.  They rude girl who answered the phone told me I "didn't know that for a fact" and  told me they would in no way, waive the charge. I asked for a manager. She put me on hold for 20 min and never came back.  I emailed the business asking if Miki needed to be seen of if she needed an antibiotic.  They did not reply.The weekend passed. Miki seemed in good spirits- the cough seemed like it was better during the day.  Monday night around 9PM  Miki suddenly stopped being playful. She just wanted to be held and seemed sullen, she was very tired.I called the vet 1st thing in the morning. The agreed to comp the visit because Miki got sick at their faciclity. I took her in and they perscribed a cough suppresent and an antibiotic. Theiy diagnosed her with Kennel cough.  They said they would do an xray to be sure she did not have pneumonia.  The x ray showed a collapsed trachea and what appeared to be a mass below her trachea.  They told me these issues were secondary to her cough. I believed them. I purchased the prescriptions and gave them to her right away.  She did not seem better after 3 hours. I called the clinic.  They told me to wait 2 more hours and if she was not better to bring her in. I waited. She did not get better. I called the clinic when I was on my way. They told me they had other appts and seemed irritated that we were coming back.  They told me they would see her right away and do an ultrasound when we arrived. We got to the clinic and the girl at the front desk handed us a pamphlet for the EVS  and told us to go there.  Why couldn't they have told me this on the phone? My dog could barely breathe at this point, she was panting, and breathing very loud, and they turned her away.We drove to Middleton.    We went to the EVS, they rushed to her when we walked in, They took her to the back and put her on oxygen and gave her something to relax to because she was going into respitory arrest. They came in and told us what we had feared. Miki was not going to get better, she could barely breathe at this point. We chose not to prolong her misery. I picked up her ashes this week.  I am dissapointed in the way they treated Miki, who had stayed there several times before. Why were they not concerned with her breathing during her stay, or after?  I would never recommend this business or the Vet clinic attached, to anyone.
Dr. Kay has been really fantastic with our two adopted dogs. My expectations have been exceeded several times now. Also, for the care they receive when here, the fees are very reasonable.     Recently a relative was telling me how their vet wouldn't even clip her dog's nails when she asked - instead he replied "You want that, go to a groomer - it's not what I became a vet to do" and she continues to go there because the price is cheap. Fortunately, at Companion Animal Hospital, you will receive terrific care, without the attitude, and without spending a fortune.
This place does not care at all about your animal!  We had our beloved dog there for years and he developed an issue.  I called them for help one day and they did not care one bit.  I had to rush him to another vet which did all they could, but we lost him.  When Banfield found out, they didn't even call us to apologize or offer condolences.  Then, on top of everything, they still continued to charge us monthly for his health plan!  Every time you call, they put you on hold forever too.  They are horrible and I will never, ever return!!
Worried about my very sick dog, I entered the clean front office and was immediately helped by the receptionist and the assistant.  They rushed her to the back room , the vet soon came out and gave me the information about what she suspected and assured me that they had relieved the pain, while we made the decisions on how to treat her.  Very professional and  caring staff.  Just what we needed
I found this place on Yelp after my 3-year-old Maltese was bitten by a pit-bull puppy on his nightly walk. He was shaken and had blood on his face but no visible bites. I didn't want to take any chances so I quickly pulled up Yelp and after calling to confirm I could bring him right in, drove to the clinic.     It was a bit hard to find -- directly across (eastward direction) from Sauce -- but I might have just been too shaken. The vet tech behind the desk was kind and gently took him in the back room. After about 5 minutes, the vet -- Dr. Simpson -- and the vet tech came out with great news. He said he found no visible bite marks or spots where my dog appeared to be in pain. He said he was very confident my dog was not injured and either the blood was from the other puppy's teething or my dog bit the puppy. (The puppy had no blood or marks on her). So, what a relief! I thanked the vet and he explained they clinic was open all-night if we took him and something came up. He was SO kind and professional.     I walked up the desk to turn in my patient/owner paperwork and expected to pya the $95.00 visit fee. Even though the vet only spent 5 minutes, given that it's an emergency clinic I just figured I'd owe the charge for the brief exam. The vet tech smiled and said there was no charge! I couldn't believe it! I know he didn't do a "compete exam" but he still could've charged me for his time and the visit.     I hope I never need to go to an emergency vet again, but if I do I will certainly go to Emergency Vet Clinic.     They have terrible reviews on Google but I'm not sure why.     Thank you DR.SIMPSON!
Had a great experience. DId not feel gouged or pressured and our dog got the proper treatment for dehydration.  Friendly staff. Prompt service. Special attention from Dr. Heinritz appreciated. Very professional.
My dog, Riley, is a total disaster of a dog. She's so pretty, but there's not much there in the way of smarts. But we love her!    So when she was bitten by a rattlesnake, I of course raced her here for treatment. The staff are extremely knowledgable, smart, friendly and forthcoming with information. They told me upfront that this was going to be expensive and all the different options. No beating around the bush, nothing vague or general, just to the point. It was great, totally got the hard part out of the way.     She was treated with kindness by people who obviously love animals. Yes, it was expensive, about $1700, but obviously completely worth it.     So remember when I said Riley isn't the smartest? Yeah, well two days after the rattler incident, she ate a bottle of midol. I again found myself back in the clinic. Most of the staff remembered her and treated me and her with the utmost in professionalism and concern.     That was another $650. (I love my dog.. i love my dog...I love my dog .. I keep reminding myself...).    Oy. Well anyway. I would reccommend this clinic to anyone with a pet in distress.
It's Memorial Day and my family dog decides to take a turn for the worse, not even wanting to lift her head up after my mom frantically calls me to come over at seven in the morning to assess her.  Of course, our regular (and awesome) veterinarian isn't open so we decide to take our beloved Punky, an 11 year old Wired Hair Fox Terrier to this hospital.  Upon entering we are immediately greeted by the receptionist who takes our name and reason for the visit, while handing us paperwork to fill out. By the time we sit down, a veterinary technician comes out, listens to Punky with a stethoscope, and asks us to quickly repeat our reason for coming here. She decides she is very concerned about our dog and takes her to the back, through a door on the left, while we stay in the waiting room.     Once the Vet assessed Punky, we got called into another room to the right were the doctor discussed what she thinks should be done. The bring you the Plan of Care  (aka the bill that breaks done the cost of the treatment) to sign off on/pay before they send you back to the waiting room. Love the configuration in the waiting room with the padded bench seats and the oddly designed three foot walls . I'm sure it helps keep all the beloved sick pets away from each other and it also gives more of a private feel (which is nice in the emergency/frantic state you are in) to us owners..    Our Vet, Dr. Charity Gottfrefson, was very nice, patient, and very sympathetic. She recommended we consult a surgeon due to the complexity of Punky's case and that is where Dr. Brad Dixon comes into our lives. He was great explaining the pro's and con's of the surgery and even gave us a follow-up call two days later to check on her! Punky is slowly recovering, but thanks to the care she revived here, we have no doubt she will get back to pre-hospital state!
This is a monstrosity to put it lightly. As I was merely the driver, (thank god if this was my dog I'm afraid what would of happend) an unbiased observer still it was frustrating and heart wrenching to watch the staff hustle a seventy year old man by means of guilt shame knowing the love of a pet will be there paycheck. A planned, practiced, conn executed by a team of poor actors who take full advantage of the misfortune of other human beings. Im disgusted and exhausted o disapponted shame on you pathetic heathens.
I have to give Emergency Animal Clinic 5 stars for their care and treatment of my beloved dog, Emma. Grief-stricken and tearful, I rushed into this hospital on a late Saturday afternoon, after coming home to find Emma bitten by another dog in our house in her abdominal/inguinal region. All the staff that I came in contact with from the triage stage through to the subsequent surgery were stellar. They were supportive, understanding and very patient with me. I am a healthcare provider for humans and I know that those qualities are very hard to find in staffing a hospital/clinic/office, etc... I definitely recommend this facility to anyone looking for good, honest, emergent pet care.
DO NOT USE THIS CLINIC!!!  If ever there was a vet clinic that takes advantage of your situation, this is the place.  Their charges are totally outrageous. They will perform every possible test/procedure they can think of and just pile on the costs, all the while knowing that you are freaking out because your pet is sick or injured and that you will accept anything just to try and get them healthy.  Talk about upselling and piling on.  A 20 minute consultation cost $350, while administering some minor saline and oxygen, and the total cost for this 20 minutes was over $650.....which, after the 20 minutes, they advised me to put my dog to sleep.  I accepted the recommendation, but for them to do all of this in just 20 minutes only to tell me the dog needed to be put down was outrageous.  In that short period of time, they jammed in every procedure they could then said, "put him down".  This is all about money for them, and they are very very aggressive about getting paid.  I was harassed within 1 week of losing my dog by their billing people/receptionist, and when I complained about the high charges for the short amount of time they saw my dog, she actually had the audacity to tell me that I had received a substantial DISCOUNT and I should be glad that the doctor hadn't charged me- I SHOULD BE HAPPY!!.  I used the clinic in North Scottsdale on Scottsdale Road, but I am sure they all have the same marching orders, since they are corporate owned   Scottsdale Veterinary clinic is a much better place--http://scottsdaleveterinary.reachlocal.com/?scid=1621143&kw=10786567&pub_cr_id=26944826793- and they are open 24/7 but not considered an emergency (ripoff) clinic, so they do not charge anything more for emergencies.
Alta Vista saved my puppy from the dreaded Parvo.  This feat alone is a great endorsement for them, but there's so much more.  The staff is always really nice and friendly to both people and pets.  In addition to being a veterinary hospital, they also do grooming and boarding.  All this and their amazing extended hours, make it hard to justify taking my dog anywhere else.
My precious pooch attends Pup Scouts at Alta Vista and wow, do they have the doggie day care business down. I've been to Dog Day Care facilities all over the city and this is the one that's stuck. The staff are caring, well-trained and do perform a temperment test on new pups. The dogs rotate between one-on-one time with each other, with employees, and group time. This is the first place my dog has ever willingly gone knowing I was going to leave him.     Ollie gives Alta Vista four paws up!
In addition to all the rave reviews about Alta Vista staff saving pets from horrible circumstances, i would like to add that they have very reasonable rates for routine care.  I have also boarded dogs there for short trips out of town.  The rates were good, and the dogs were returned happy.
I called Alta Vista yesterday because one of our dogs needs some dental work and I am pretty unhappy with the service that we have received from our current vet (Banfield at Spectrum/Christown).    The receptionist, Sissy, was extremely nice on the phone.  She gave me a general quote for a dental and fit us in for an appointment the very next day, for free!  She told me that we would be meeting with Dr. Harbo, the vet at the practice who does dentals.    During the time from when we arrived, finished filling out the requisite paperwork, and were ushered into the room, we saw several employees, all of whom were pleasant.      At this point, our experience changed completely.  Adam was our final veterinary technician.  He was terse, almost rude.  He spent about 1 minute with us and the dog, and looked in the dog's mouth for about 5 seconds.  He barely spent enough time in the room to hear our concerns.  He left as quickly as he came in and was gone for quite some time.    When he came back, estimate in hand, he asked if we expected to see the vet.  When I told him that I understood that our appointment was with Dr. Harbo, he informed us that if we wanted to speak to a vet, a $45 office charge would apply.  We declined.    My problem is that I was misinformed when making the appointment, then treated poorly at the appointment.  From a business perspective, they should have treated this free exam like an audition to win our business - because it was.      Will I try Alta Vista again??  I don't know.  The price was right, but that really isn't the only factor.  If it was, I would still be happy with Banfield (ugh.)    I want a vet (and their staff) who will treat me and my dogs with respect, and not value me only for my money.  I also want a vet who does not treat me poorly because I have financial concerns - I just can't blindly drop thousands  (or even hundreds) of dollars.  Believe me, if I could, I would.  These dogs are my babies.       I am bummed that my first experience at Alta Vista was not as good as  I would have liked.  Maybe next time.
Alta Vista Veterinary Hospital has been my goto vet for years, even after I moved out of the area and now have to drive a ways to get there.     They've got very reasonable and competitive prices, and the ABSOLUTE BEST HOURS of operation of any vet in the area. If you work regular weekday office hours, and need a weekday evening appointment, it can be impossible to find that anywhere, but Alta Vista has always been accommodating.     My experiences with Alta Vista began years ago when my best friend Gideon ( www.youtube.com/watch?v=5iVlC0mKQ0k ) came into my life. Alta Vista is a sponsored vet that you can choose for your free initial checkup when you adopt through the Humane Society.      I've also been back for instances of illness, emergency injury, and routine surgery (neuter -- not me, one of the dogs), and they've been friendly and helpful each time. I do not at this time recall the names of individual vets I've seen, but they all seem genuine and knowledgeable.  I've only had Science Diet suggested to me lightly and then dropped, and any vet visitor knows what a pimp all vets are for that crap food.  One of the vets was even supportive and knowledgeable when I was asking questions pertaining to transitioning to a raw diet (  http://www.rawmeatybones.com/  ).    The neuter surgery I visited for was also a freebie using one of the Maricopa County Big Fix Program vouchers ( http://www.maricopa.gov/pets/SpayNeuter/voucher.aspx ).  I love that they participate in these programs which help the pet community. The voucher gave the surgery fee free, but not all the meds/aftercare, and Alta Vista was not pushy at all when it came to my choosing what level of care, and therefore expense, I wished to incur beyond the free voucher's value.     Alta Vista is a full service hospital and boarding facility as well.  I've not used the boarding facility services.  They've undergone a renovation, or actually, moved to a newer larger facility since my initial experiences.  The new facility is spacious and clean, both front and back office.      **It is unfortunate that sometimes folks have experiences with their loved ones that end tragically, but it is not fair to blame the medical professionals who try to help, even if they end up failing, no matter if your loved one was furry or not.
I've had pets my whole life and my observation has been that when the 's front desk staff is nice and proffesional , the doctors are not and when the doctors are great, the front desk leaves much to be desired.  This was not the case at Alta Vista.  First off, there hours are great.  Secondly. the front desk people (Sam), the techs and the doctor (Dr. Sean Penn), very friendly and courteous.  And finally, the price was reasonable. That, along with the place being clean and not smelling like wet dog when you walk in made having to take my dog in on a Sunday afternoon as pleasant as could be.  So far so good.
My family has been living in the neighborhood since the mid-50's. This is the place my grandparents, parents, and now I have taken our pets. Our pets have always lived long and happy lives. My last dog lived to be 17, which was way beyond her expectancy.     Yes, we have received some large bills from Alta Vista, but we have also seen them cure animals that should definitely have died. I will always take my pet here.
Very helpful.  They were able to get my dog in for oral surgery at a moments notice and were very professional.  The place is run better than most doctor's offices.  CLEAN and professional.
The staff is very friendly but I'm convinced that I'm getting ripped off and that the surgery performed on my dog was botched.  I'm still a customer though.
I bring my dog in monthly for shots and I have never once had an appointment reminder.  To top it off, I always spend at least an hour and usually closer to two waiting.  The last time I was in, my appointment was delayed by over an hour.  That is not acceptable and if there was another vet in my area I would be jumping ship.    Please Alta Vista, get your shit together.
I had been using Alta Vista for years and while at times was annoyed by the service, overall I was happy with this place. They have really upgraded their facilities, convenient hours and I also consistently used them for boarding and grooming (approx $35 for my shaggy haired Shi-Tzu). I appreciated their detailed list of charges and also their treatment plans. I never felt pressured into following their recommendations.     While in the past, I would have rated 4 stars, I am giving them 5 for this past experience. My 15 and half year old dog entered a steep decline in his health over the last month dropping from 10 lbs to 7. This past week, with my dog unable to eat, barely walk, and hold his head up, we made the difficult decision to put him to sleep. The employees at Alta Vista treated us with sympathy and kindness when we called wanting to know our options. When we brought him this past Saturday, the doctor told me we made the right decision after examining him. She allowed me to hold my dog during the procedure and sat next to me providing me comforting words as I tearfully cradled my dying dog. She also had tears in her eyes as she shared her personal experience with pet loss with me. I don't remember her name (if she told me) but she really made my upsetting loss as comfortable as it could be. I will always really appreciate that.
This is an overdue review - I haven't needed Alta Vista for weeks and weeks now, but I was putting together my 'to do' list and dog's annual exam/shots has to go on the list.      I needed Alta Vista's boarding services several times in the process of staging, showing and selling a house.  My over-pampered, over-anxious Papillion was quite happy to go there, spend the day, spend a night or two and enjoy the attention.  The staff is flexible and nice and don't usually seem overbooked.      I'm also realizing that the doggy needs a bath and she'll get one soon at Alta Vista's grooming group.  She looked so pretty and smelled so good the last time!
Had a very bizarre and disturbing experience with Alta Vista.  I would not go back or recommend them to anyone.    When I made the appointment over the phone the staff was not overly helpful or friendly.    When we arrived for our appointment the staff did not greet me or my dog or respond to our arrival in anyway.  Instead the three staff members at the front desk were bitching about other customers and the other staff.  They were in really grumpy moods... talking about walking out.    I had to ask them if they would like me to sign in or to fill out paperwork.    I was told when I made the appointment that I could expect the appointment to take 1/2 an hour (after I asked).    I sat with my dog in the waiting room for almost 1/2 an hour before a woman casually asked me if my dog had been weighed yet.  We weighed her and then I waited again for a long while.  Then we were moved into an exam room where I again waited.  The strange thing is there were no other patients the entire time!!  I was told twice that the vet and people helping me had to keep leaving the exam room to go back to a meeting!    I was given almost no information on the reason I had brought my dog in.  I decided to leave with no treatment.    There is more but I will save you the details.  Suffice to say it was just all around a bad experience and a huge waste of my time.
Last weekend I had to take my dog in for emergency surgery and didn't really have a choice, because my regular Veterinary, Dr Yocam at the South side Animal Hospital closes at 12 noon on Saturdays. So I take my dog to Alta Vista and the staff gets to work pretty quickly. I was told they will take blood and ex rays and call me back. My phone rings and the Doc says to me, i have to perform immediate surgery or your dog will not make it past the night. Turns out my dog had a septic stomach and tape worms had perforated  his intestines and caused infection. The dog had surgery that night and had to stay at the hospital for two nights. Grand total came out to little over $2,800.00. This was a bit expensive and If Dr Yocam over at the South side Animal Hospital, would of administered the treatment, I probably would of spent half. This place did good job on saving my pet, but the prices are high.
Run away. I was horrified by  Alta Vista.   Pros- they have good hours and the front desk staff were nice.  It appears they do a lot of emergency care walk ins which leads to chaos and long wait times though.     I took my Maltese in for a 2nd opinion about a lump.  Exploratory surgery and removal was recommended and I scheduled the surgery.  The tech was good, the Doctor was a flippant jerk once he came in the room and I wish I would have trusted my instincts and cancelled. He had no time for my questions and didn't even look at my dog.    The morning of surgery drop off, I ask to see the Dr to show him how much worse the lump became and was told no, which made me uncomfortable. As I'm leaving the parking lot someone is CHASING MY CAR. It's the doctor! I roll down my window and he says "I need permission to remove your dog's lymph node"  (WHAT?)  He seems irritated that I ask what that even means.... I stutter out an okay if you need to but I hope not...and off he goes.  In hindsight I should have marched in after him and taken my dog back right then.    I called for results of my dogs exploratory surgery twice but no one was available to tell me the results. They scheduled me for 6:00 pickup. I wait about an hour... a tech brings the discharge paperwork out to the waiting room. She says "you're familiar with discharge instructions right?"  I state - I don't even know what you did to him today - no one called me back.  What happened today?  She shuffles through the papers and discovers the paperwork is for dental work and says nothing about his lump removal results.  About half an hour later she comes back to the crowded waiting room carrying my half-conscious dog who can't even hold his head up. He has about t a 5 inch incision on his stomach- its huge.   I ask her again how the surgery went- she doesn't know - I'll get a call next week when they hear back from the lab.  I asked they remove his lymph node?  She replied "I don't know- I think so."  Nice. I'm FURIOUS and just want to get out of there--I take my half-conscious now mangled dog and leave.     I could go on for another 3 pages.... It was a nightmare.   No one ever called me. The discharge paperwork was wrong. The doctor was an incompetent ass.  The tech didn't stand a chance because she wasn't given the right information.   I continued to call for days to ask what the results of surgery were.. they lost the file.. then found it but it was incomplete....  No one knew. Everyone kept apologizing and but there was no excuse for this mess.  I saw the Dr again when I had to come in for stitches coming undone after hours- he is without question the worst veterinarian I have ever stumbled across- might have been because he knew I had called and complained, but he was snide, sarcastic and unkind throughout the entire process. $1,300 or so later I literally was just glad my dog lived through this place.
I started coming to Alta Vista when my black lab/Aussie mix was a little over a year old. Since she was a little pup she's always been the dog that has something wrong with her/gets into something she shouldn't/injures herself by acting crazy.  But she's adorable and I love her to pieces...   I first came to Alta Vista when a friend recommended them for their hours and reasonable prices. I was living downtown so they were super close.  Right away I was impressed with the fact they could get me in that day for my pups broken toe nail. She was in a lot of pain and I knew she need help immediately. The wait was probably about 20 min, which wasn't bad at all. I am not bothered by long wait times at a vet or doctor office. It's not a restaurant people, get over your 'first world problems'. If there's a long wait, assume another creature needs more attention than yours! Jeeze! Anway...  The vet tec and vet were both very nice and professional. It turned out Sadie would need a small surgery to remove her toe, as the broken nail was super gnarly. It was expensive, but I wasn't pressured at all and they made me feel very comfortable! I had been to vets before that treated me like a deadbeat loser when I was nervous about prices.  They took great care of her, and even let her stay there all day after her surgery as I had to work late.  I have taken Sadie back to AV for 2 years now, and I don't even live downtown anymore! I drive clear across town, because they are the only vet I will trust. As long as I'm living in Arizona I will only take my dogs here, and I always recommend them to people looking for a vet!
Took my dog here on a saturday when her regular vet could not get her in.   Rather than rack up hundreds of dollars in tests and X-rays, the vet I saw took a conservative approach to treating my dog's pain, till my regular vet could do a more affordable and comprehensive diagnosis on Monday.   I was able to get in and out quickly, the pricing was upfront and reasonable.   I would even consider making alta vista my regular vet given their clear appreciation for honesty and respect.
I went through every pet parent's worst nightmare, a huge emergency with my dog (aka my child). Yes, I'm one of "those" crazy people whose dog is their baby...luckily everyone here understands that. My barely-ten-pounds dog got attacked by a dog five times her size, and it was very, very bad. My maman had been watching her at the time, thought she was already dead when she finally got the other dog to leave her alone, and rushed her to Alta Vista, which is close to her house. They took her back right away and they took wonderful care of my baby, who had multiple puncture wounds on her neck (barely missing a carotid artery), and needed multiple sutures as well as a drain in her back. I took her back to have her sutures removed and they were quick and super, super nice, and understood my worries that she was healing properly, let me show them spots where she was still tender and addressed all my concerns. The medicine they gave her helped immensely and she was back at 100% quicker than I had expected, given how bad her injuries had been. I have worked in the veterinary field and have been to other hospitals I would NEVER recommend, but everyone here was absolutely great taking care of my baby girl and they were so wonderful during this emergency trip.
For starters, appointments are meaningless.  I understand some delay in seeing a vet - emergencies happen - but the half-dozen times we brought dogs here, we had appointments every time except for one, and they were always at least a half-hour late in seeing us.  More if you count the time when the appointment "started" because we would wait in the exam room for another 10-15 minutes before the doctor came in.      To make matters worse, the people who worked the desk were completely unapologetic and downright rude most of those times, too.    I put up with it because we liked the vet we usually saw there, and while the prices seemed high they were also comparable with other Phoenix vets, I guess (how weighing a dog qualifies for an "exam fee" I'll never understand).  The final straw came when one of our dogs cut his paw fairly badly.    Right off the bat, they charged us $60 to inform us that he had been cut (Thanks, doc!)  They wanted to charge us $650 to sedate him and stitch the cut.  They refused to offer any other alternative.  By the time they saw us, the wound had stopped bleeding, and he barely flinched when touched.  Total time they spent with him: 10 minutes.    I was outraged, because I knew glue - or at most staples - would do the trick.  I went to another vet and was completely right.  A few days later the wound was completely healed without the use of sedatives and for many hundreds cheaper.    (I hate feeling like a cheap skate when it comes to my dog's health, but in this instance I knew I was right - stitches and sedatives were completely over-the-top.  It would be like a doctor prescribing LASIK when all you need is a pair of reading glasses - it would fix the problem but wouldn't be at all necessary.)    To make matters even worse, I thought we'd settled up at the desk of the office.  Turns out not, and without getting a phone call from the office, they turned our account over to collections.  Over 60 lousy bucks that they didn't even earn in the first place - we'd been taking our dogs there for more than a year and they couldn't take the time to call us first.
I actually give this one more star than I wanted just for the specific vet Dr.Marsh.  So,I get home from getting my hair did and my next door neighbor is standing by his car looking a bit flustered.  He'd just made an end of life appointment for his 17 year old blind and deaf and in ever and now rapidly decline health Min Pin.  I put them in my car and drove them to the vet.  Upon check in,the reception staff took care of everything so we could leave quickly once the bridge had been crossed.  They put us in a room right away where we waited...and waited...and waited...  Finally a tech came in and got the dog prepped.It felt like another eom until the vet came in.  When he did,Dr.Marsh was very compassionate,made sure to take a great deal of effort and time to explain the process and what we could expect to witness.  He stayed in the room with us for a good deal of time after the dog had passed.  I tried to be understanding about the wait at that point.  Dr. Marsh,thank you for making a difficult day a little less stressful.
This past weekend, my wife and I, had the difficult decision to put one of our beloved family members, Lou to sleep.  First off, having a vet office open 7 days a week was very convenient and comforting especially when an emergency occurs during the weekend.  Second, the vet was very affordable especially when they are providing care during what I would consider off-hours (6p on a Saturday).  Third, the staff was very empathetic and easy going during this tough time.  I had such a good experience at Alta Vista I will now begin bringing my other dog's here for their veterinary care.
I found out about this place through the ASPCA. I recently adopted a dog and they were on the list for a free puppy exam. I am a teacher so naturally I am broke so the word free did it for me. The staff was really nice and told me to fill out first time paperwork. The vet was very knowledgeable and went through everything with me. I haven't had any bad experiences since but I did call one night around 9pm because my dog had gotten into something and I wanted to know if I should bring him in. The lady on the phone was very condescending and rude. My dog is like my child so I called in a panic. Instead of making me feel better, she made me feel worse. Ok so it was 9pm but they are open until 10. Other than this incident, they have been great.
There's a portion of the population that will find some of the amenities at this pet hospital over the top, and I used to be a part of that population, but when my Riley was really sick, this place just DELIVERED on the comfort factor.    I swear he didn't realize we were at a pet hospital until they started poking things up his butt.    The waiting room is large, CLEAN, supplies free treats and... has a flat screen tv playing movies for your pup.  No joke.  Seating consists of low benches that are easy for a small dog to get up on so your little pal can lay with you while he's feeling ill.  There are signs offering acupuncture and naturopathic remedies for your animals.  See?  That's the over-the-top factor.  But honestly, this is the best vet I've ever been to.    The staff are all super friendly and seem to just have a way with pets. They took me on a walk-in basis after my vet recommended that Riley see someone THAT day (he had an intestinal blockage).  They worked with me to find the most cost-effective way to treat my Riley and didn't push any unnecessary treatments.     I hate to do this to my old vet, but I have to make the switch.  This place is just so great.    Plus they're open 'til 10 p.m.!!!
We found a stray Chihuahua mix that was reasonably healthy. We ran him by my regular vet, North Kennilworth - who I love, to see if he had a microchip but he did not. They were getting ready to close at noon, this was on a Saturday. We brought him home and then noticed that his feet were really red, raw and irritated. We weren't sure if he had mange, ringworm or possibly a burn. So we called Alta Vista since Kennilworth and Central Animal Hospital were closed and made an appt for 6:30 that evening.     When we got to Alta Vista we waited for quite a while, maybe 20 minutes, before we were put into an exam room. Then waited another 10 - 15 minutes.     A vet tech came in and did not do any type of exam, stood about 4 feet away from the table and just looked at his feet and said he probably has ring-worm. He went on to say that we would now most likely contract ring-worm from the dog. He said they need to run some tests to find out what it is and would go work up an estimate. He was very rude and acted like he was disgusted with this poor little Chihuahua. I had even given him a bath and he was smelling good!    Then the vet came in and stood about 3 feet away from the table, would not touch the dog, did no exam what-so-ever and said we'd have to run some tests to see what the issue is. So after another 15 minutes or so, the vet tech came back with the estimate to run some tests. $500. So I said there's no way. They wanted to put him under to take a few skin scrapings from his feet and then test for all kinds of stuff. I've had dogs all my life and this was a scam!! They were trying to get money from us because we were desperate and no other vet was open.     We left the exam room and starting walking out the door and the girl behind the counter said we had to still pay for the exam. I said "What exam? They didn't even touch the dog." She said we still have to pay. I said "Too bad, they did not conduct an exam, did not even touch the dog. They just gave us a $500 estimate for crap we don't need. We are not paying for an exam that we did not get."    We went to Wag'n Wash and got some spray that gets rid of fungus, ringworm, you name it, it cures it. Vetericyn spray!! By Sunday his feet were better.     Monday took him to Central Animal Hospital and she said it looked like a chemical burn and put him on an antibiotic and gave him vaccines, did a thorough exam and it was only $75. Go figure.     The dog is doing great now. Very happy, very healthy...ready to be adopted!!    SHAME on money hungry Alta Vista!!! I will NEVER go there again.
I can't thank Alta Vista enough for the way they took care of my dog Zoey and I on our first visit there. My little Dachsund fell off the bed around 8 pm a couple Thursdays ago and I was worried she might have broken her leg. My normal vet was closed by that time so I gave Alta Vista a call after I found out they were apparently open til 10 pm 7 days a week (seriously?). They did not have any appointments available still but they told me to bring my dog in to see the doctor because they did not want her to be in pain through the night until the next morning when I could see my regular vet. Long story short, Zoey's X-rays were negative and Alta Vista sent us home with some pain meds for Zoey's sore leg. I can't remember the doctor's name but she was so friendly and attentive to my questions as well as the rest of the staff I encountered there. I will now be switching to Alta Vista as my permanent vet because I can rely on them to take care of my four legged loved ones when others cannot.
I have to say that I am so thankful for this vet's office. My 5lb chihuahua was bitten by a dog over 10 times her size at 9pm and I was so terrified and didn't know what to do. Alta Vista was the second place I called in a panic (called one slightly closer but they were closed) and I was so thankful that their office stays open until 10pm. When I got there, they reassured me that  because she was at least stable that she would be seen soon.     I was too flustered to remember the name of my veterinarian but she was absolutely wonderful. I wish I could give her credit here! My dog was in total panic mode and she was so gentle with her and took as much time as needed to calm her down for the initial exam. She even tried to calm me down from tears once Minnie was all taken care of.     Minnie is safe at home now and recovering. This vet's hospital is fantastic and I would recommend them to anyone.
My drama queen dog giving me panic attacks yet again. She had been scooting for about a week but I didn't think much of it since she has never had an issue with expressing and has only had her anal glands expressed once as part of a comprehensive exam (and they didn't even end up having to do it, because the second they got remotely close to her butt, she freaked out and did it herself, all over the poor tech. Charming, I know.) All of a sudden she is crying, whining, constipated, won't even let me hold her, and her tummy is harder than usual. I try to get a look at her backside (the joys of dog parenthood) and can feel that her glands are definitely full and possibly impacted. I, of course, assume the worst and am imagining $5000 vet bills for ruptured glands/something else causing the issue/who knows what. I checked Alta Vista's hours (still open til 10 PM! YAY) and called to see how busy they were, and was told they were pretty cramped but to come in as a walk-in. They were lovely yet again when we showed up and Lucy didn't even need to see the vet - she was in and out with one of the techs in a short amount of time and came back to the waiting room a new dog after having her VERY full glands expressed. She has been her happy self since. The damage was under $20 and they were quick and nice as ever. We love Alta Vista!
Went in on an emergency basis, Sunday morning 7am - doors open. 1st star: sat down place was nice, including spacious rooms; 2nd star; treated my dog with care, while ruling out all that could be wrong with him; 4th star.  We will definitely be returning. Achieved 5 stars... He went to the doggie daycare
I have had pets my entire adult life and Alta Vista is up there with best quality care. Dr. Hendricks (not sure if I spelled that right) is one of the most compassionate animal care providers I have ever met.     I adopted a new chihuahua from the shelter almost 2 weeks ago and took her to Alta Vista for a wellness check. Days later, I took her back when she started showing signs of what I thought to be an upper respiratory infection. Both visits, Dr. Hendricks was kind, thorough, and did not rush me out. He took his time with my new baby and answered ALL of my questions. The appointments were toward the end of the night due to my work schedule but that didn't impact the care I received at all.     Dr. Hendricks was sweet and compassionate toward my chihuahua, petting her and calming her down when she was shaking nervous. It shows that he loves what he does! His demeanor is very soothing. It turns out that she has pneumonia and will need to come back to Alta Vista a few more times. Even when I started crying in the room, Dr. Hendricks showed the most compassion, took his time, repeated himself for me, made sure I understood warning signs, and assured me I could call any time with questions.     He personally called back the next day to ask how my dog was feeling, which I thought was so great.     The staff was pretty great, too. Accommodating my requests for same-day, late night appointments. I was there a long time and it was already closing time but they did not hurry me out and were very thorough. The pricing is very fair, compared to other animal hospitals I had been to. With my previous dog ownership experience, I have never paid so little for an X-ray before. They were honest about the pricing the whole time, too. Making sure I understood what it would cost and getting my permission before starting treatments I couldn't afford.     Great, great animal care provider.  I will be back for the next few weeks with my sick pup and feel much less anxious knowing she is in Dr. Hendricks' care.
I've twice been to Alta Vista, once for a routine 'MY LITTLE ANGEL HAS A COUGH!' check up and once, unfortunately, for an emergency. In addition to their great hours, their front desk staff has always been friendly and helpful in setting up appointments, answering questions, and discussing where I might find the cheapest price on my dogs' prescriptions.    I saw Dr Capozzi on my first visit and, when my emergency rolled around a few months later, I asked if she was available to treat my dog because she had some familiarity with him. Unfortunately, she was working nights but Dr Peterson was in the office. I can't give enough kudos to Dr Peterson for the way she handled my situation. In retrospect, while it was an urgent matter, my dog probably wasn't having the kind of immediate emergency that vets regularly deal with. Still, Dr Peterson didn't blow off my reactions and, frankly, really took control. I appreciate that she listened to me explaining all the details I could share (probably numerous times) and explaining the process to me.      My dog ended up staying with their clinic for a day and I never worried that he wasn't cared for. When I visited him that evening, a tech came in and shared an abundance of data with me and really seemed to be familiar with my dog, rather than just reading off a chart. I was able to take him home the next day and received follow up calls from their office, including one direct from Dr Peterson, inquiring about my dog's recovery. On top of all this, I'll say the price is typical there which, for their service, is a steal.     As good as it gets, indeed.
So, the premise behind Banfield is awesome.  It makes owning a pet and keeping it healthy financially accessible to those of us who aren't made of money.  The reality of Banfield... well, it stinks.  Worse than an infected anal gland on a Great Dane.    In the past few years, the hubs and I have accquired two exceedingly cute Miniature Schnauzers.  In this time, we have been to 4 different Banfields, and with the exception of one (where a friend worked), we have had a terrible experiences.      Sure, you don't have to pay for office visits or vaccinations (except for the monthly fee... which is amazingly reasonable), but you they find something that isn't covered by the plan EVERY TIME.  Seriously, it is like taking your car in for service.  Oh, it needs power steering fluid?  my clutch needs adjusting?  and my brakes are at 10%?  Well, crap, I thought I just needed to get my tires filled up with air.    Now, I might be a little bit bitter having just dropped a shiteload of money at Banfield because one of the little treasures ate some Aleve (Aleve=death to dogs).  But during the course of his treatment, which I was told was very urgent, I was informed that I needed to leave the dog there (for a fee) because they were going to lunch and couldn't treat him at that moment.  When I told them that I wanted to take the treatment one step at a time (instead of going in all guns blazing), I was treated with contempt.  After I specifically told them I wanted to wait on a particular item, I can see the vet and the techs in the back performing that exact thing on my dog.  My requests were ignored.  When I had questions that required the vet's answers (not the uninformed "nurse"), they were ignored.    All in all, it was a terrible experience - and not the first terrible experience at Banfield, simply the most recent.    So, take your dogs to Banfield, but ONLY for vaccinations/yearly checkups.  You are better off going to a "regular" vet for everything else.
The Banfield up on Tatum in PV: poor service, inattentive and impatient staff.  Even though they are closer to my house, I won't go there.   The Banfield on 19th avenue and Bethany: excellent.   The reason I say this: One week ago, my dog Bubba ripped a toenail off; it was just hanging by a thread. I called Banfield in PV and this is what i got: "Is this an emergency? The doctor is really busy".  I told her "uhm, there's blood, it's a ripped nail, possibly a broken toe so to me that's an emergency".  She put me on hold where I sat for more than two minutes before I hung up and we drove to the store on Bethany Home where we were promptly taken in. We were given a fully informed treatment plan suggestion and opportunity to make our own decision because it was going to be expensive.  They took care of Bubba's torn nail, cleaned it up and wrapped the foot.  Three days later we went back for a check and dressing change, same thing. Prompt, courteous treatment, staff is always professional, they got us in and out as quickly as they could.  On Saturday we went back to get the bandage removed. The treatment was the same; prompt, courteous, and getting us in and out as quickly as possible.    For those who complain about the wait; well, you wait at your doctor, right? It's no different at the vet; we all have stuff to do but an expectation of immediate in-and-out treatment is a pipe dream.    Those folks who think they're getting nickel-and-dimed at the vet need to speak up - use your words and your voice. You aren't being forced to buy these add-ons or pay for this medicine. No one is forcing you to buy it. You are bringing your pet in for treatment because they hurt, they are your family and you love them. Would you complain about the cost of an RX for your child, your spouse, or yourself if it's not on your health care plan? Most of you would answer no because you need it. If you can stand to wait and trust the integrity of the drugs you buy online that are less expensive, then go for it. I trust what my vet gives me more than something that may LOOK like the same thing but may NOT be the same thing. Online pharmacies are a big business; a big phony scam business that robs hardworking people of their money every year and gives them counterfeit drugs made with fillers and often, none of the effective ingredient that makes them work. What you get at the vet is human-quality medicine that can be fully traced back to its source.
When my dog got sick and was unable to walk, I called Banfield at 7:30am and explained the situation. They were able to get him in at 9am. We got there really early (before the store opened), they let us in to wait and saw him almost right away. The staff (Diego and Dr. Steinhauer) was amazing. You can tell Dr. Steinhauer really cares about the animals she treats, and my dog took a liking to her instantly. They give you an outline of treatment methods you can take, along with the pricing. If you did all of the suggestions, it would cost a fortune, but they were great at informing me which treatments were not absolutely necessary, and which ones would be highly suggested. They give you the option to pick your treatments according to your budget. $135 for the office visit and meds, but it was WELL worth the price. Went back for his follow up today, the staff remembered him instantly and showered him with love. Dr. Steinhauer will be his only vet from here on out. She is fantastic.
I wrote a review in the past and it has been removed!!!!!!!!!!!! Corporate greed?????? Anyway, these people are okay ,but if you get Dr Rich, your dog might be in pain for three weeks and if you complain on the internet about this, you might not be allowed to talk to the doctor and you might have to have your consultation in the waiting room!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  You will be treated differently if you complain on here. Plus, I tried to call about it, never heard back. I told the receptionist about it and she said there was a problem with him and he was gone. Our last appt there, he was the doctor!!!!!!!!!!!!! I did not say anything. I just am never going back.
This place is away from my normal stomping grounds - but the vet I had been going to was losing it on the business/customer service end of things - so I wanted to find somewhere my dog and I were, well - wanted.    Mid-City came very highly recommended - and I was sure it was a better place for me (if not my pooh) with the first phone call.  Friendly, professional and great flexible hours to take care of those of us who work a full time day job.  I am more than willing to take time off if my dog is sick and needs help - but for annual exams and scheduled blood tests, being able to go there in the evening or on a Saturday makes way more sense to me.  Done!    We saw Dr. Hull - who has been a vet since the Dead Sea was only Sick. :)  He looks like Santa Claus and had my (since deceased) husky calm and well behaved for his exam in no time.  When the husky got older and sicker, Dr. Hull had an almost magical link to him - and I knew he was in good hands.  I also appreciated that Dr. Hull is a big believer in quality of life over quantity of life.  He's as good with people as he is with animals - and I completely trust him with my life as well as my fur-kids.    After my husky passed, I adopted a new fur-kid, Layla the Lab mix.  She's had check-ups with both Dr. Hull and Dr. Tauer.  I have always been treated well (as have the pooches) by both Dr.'s, all the tecs and the receptionists.    Prices are fair, and I've never felt something has been suggested by way of testing, prescriptions or other costs that were not absolutely needed.    Definitely a great facility!
After having a dog with coon hound paralysis and then a tumor, these guys were always there for me.  They are a bit of a distance from me, but I would follow them anywhere.  They were there for me, and being able to calm me down with my last dog (she was 13 when she passes last month) keeps me coming back. Thanks
I took all 3 of my adult dogs here to get shots.  They've all been to vets and groomers many times before.  There was quite a wait.  My dogs are well behaved and we sat in a corner chair and they were very patient.  They called us back.  The vet was very nice.  She did advise 1 of my dogs had an ear infection.  She provided the medicine free of charge.  They clipped all the dogs nails at no charge.  When I got to the reception to pay, it was a little more than I thought.  She went thru the charges and they had charged me for the medicine and toe nails.  I simply told her they had told me no charge.  She deducted it and I paid and was on my way.  They even did a follow-up visit at no charge.  I would recommend this place for simple things.  They are a "CLINIC".  They are not a Vet office and don't have your dog's history.  I even saw a woman come in and ask for help feeding her dog, and they gave her a bag of dog food at no charge.  I referred a friend here for shots on her dogs.  She got a different vet and wasn't as happy.  I'm sure it's volunteers or rotating vets.  But again, it's a low cost clinic.
I took my puppy here two weeks ago today to get her spayed. Yes, we had to wait a little while but that is to be expected at a low cost clinic. I called in advance to set up the appointment so I was not worried about not being seen. Eventually the time came to take my puppy back. Everyone who worked there was incredibly sweet with my puppy so I felt comfortable dropping her off for the day. They gave me a call and said she was doing just fine and she would be ready. After I was done at work at 5:00 I went back to go pick her up. They gave me three days worth of pain killer and we were off! She was a little out of it the first day, but after that she was back to her normal crazy self. Emma has a lot of energy, and as much as we tried to limit her activity she was still her normal bouncy self. She has healed wonderfully. I am so happy that we took her to this clinic to get the procedure done! For the other review with the "semi-aggressive" dog- my other dog has very bad anxiety and he has dog aggression problems because of that. As much as I am trying to budget because my boyfriend is a full time student and I work full time I would never be able to bring him to a low cost clinic. I have to bring Buddy to a regular vet because it isn't fair to the other owners or workers at low cost clinics to bring him in. Some clinics will say that they cannot accept dogs with aggression issues. Sure, it makes life a little more difficult- but if you love your dog you will still get them the care that they need. Personally, I will bring Buddy to a vet no matter the cost because they can accommodate his needs better.
This place is awesome. I've taken my puppy here twice for vaccinations and both times the people were just so nice and friendly. I called and made an appointment, which gives you an hour and a half slot of time to come in...once you get there, you are put on the list and it is first come first serve...so you will have to wait awhile. The doctor there treated my puppy like gold and the price was also right. I would recommend to anyone for vaccinations.
We took our Chihuahua for Anal gland Abscess. Veterinarian suggested for a surgery worth $400. Our visit with a shot cost us $55. Not sure what the shot is for, if the only option is surgery.    Next I come home to find online that surgery is the most barbaric thing to do with the dogs and is not suggested. I'm going to take that $55 loss and go see some other doctor.    Not to mention, this place is in ghetto, looks and smells like it. Veterinarian couldn't speak good English. I didn't feel like I could get answers from him, so no point in discussing further.     I'm not coming back and will stay miles away from this area!
I just got my dog from the Arizona Humane Society and they suggested VCA. I was very happy with the care they gave Coco, and the time they spent with her. Someone who has had a dog for quite some time suggested that maybe they were trying to suggest too many tests and meds for me to "buy" that weren't necessary but I don't know that to be the case.  She's new to me and I don't know her history so I think it's better safe than sorry. The medicine they gave me for her ear infection perked her up immediately. I'm going to take her back there for sure.
I saw Christine's review and had to throw in my 2 cents.    I love the Humane Society.  I found my first dog at the 13th and Hatcher campus and couldn't have been happier with the service and the dog.    When we adopted our second dog from a sick friend, we knew that we had to get this little girl fixed.  When she was old enough, we took her to the Dobbins campus and had her spayed.  The employees were incredibly nice and comforting and our little Layla recovered pretty quickly from the surgery.  And it only cost $60 which is phenomenal if you check with private vets.  They do it all the time, so they are pros at it.
Had to throw in my 5 stars.  Just got a dog from the Campus for Compassion, what an incredible facility.  I volunteered at an animal shelter in my hometown for years and I was absolutely blown away by the size, cleanliness, and amenities here.      My wife and I found the perfect puppy and she was in our car on the way to her new home in about an hour.  Spayed, vaccinated for rabies and bordetella, micro-chipped, registered, and with a free bag of dog food for only $116.  And the $500 free vet care on top is great - a vet visit alone will run $40-$60 not including the tests for heartworms and other parasites that are necessary when adopting a dog (and that's if the dog you're adopting is healthy. . .)    Of course there is just one problem.  My place is too small to adopt more animals.
This facility is really amazing. It's clean, gives each animal ample space to move about, symphony music is piped in over the speakers (soothing to animals), and adoption fees are reasonable. They keep excellent medical records on each animal that comes through their system.   I'm big on adoption. It is so, so important to me that families who want to consider having a pet should give the Humane Society a try before going anywhere else. Sure, puppies are cute for a few months, but they need training. Adult dogs have already been housebroken, many know tricks and words, and they appreciate and love you that much more, remembering where they came from and knowing your home will be their best ever.
Let's be clear, I like what the AZ Humane Society does and I think their Campus for Compassion is a mind boggling awesome facility.    My only problem is that out of the three times we've gone to visit they were... out of dogs.  It's entirely possible we have poor timing or that their adoption program is so fantastic that the dogs fly out of their kennels but... it was still rather strange and I couldn't help but wonder if their kennels are being under utilized.      But that's all just idle speculation and perhaps a plea for them to get more good dogs out of the county shelters and into the air conditioned, classical music playing comfort of their Campus for Compassion.  I have no doubt that once a dog gets into one of these places he is well cared for.    One thing I particularly liked about their design was that there was a low wall separating the two rows of kennels in each building.  I think that seems like a fantastic idea for lowering the animals stress as they don't have to stare across the hallway at some pissed off dachshund all day.  It also means that getting dogs too and from their kennels isn't as big as a deal because there is only one row of barking dogs they have to worry about.    And yes, it's probably the nicest shelter I've ever heard about.
Just a couple days ago, I adopted my little Sayuri from the Arizona Humane Society.  The entire process was seamless, and it was evident it was in the societies best interest to make sure these lovable pets find the right home.      I first went in to see a couple of puppies, and I really like 2 in particular.  Because I already have a dog at home, and my boyfriend wasn't able to join me, I put one of them on hold (they will hold your pet for the day) and went back a few hours later.  It is required that if you already have a dog, you must do an introduction to make sure it is a good match.  My dog loved Sayuri, but was not as fond of the other dog.  I like to say that my dog chose our new puppy :).      When adopting a puppy, you also recieve a free exam through the VCA Animal Hospitals.  I think that's wonderful since adopting a rescue dog can be intimidating.    Overall, the facility is extremely clean, the staff is more than helpful, and on top of it all, they are about as friendly as you can imagine. These people have hearts of gold.  I would absolutely recommend the AZ humane society to anyone who wants to add to their family.
It's hard to express exactly how much I love the Arizona Humane Society. I had ONE bad experience with them with a snotty phone operator who REFUSED to transfer me to their clinic. I promptly reported her misconduct on their website, and I received a phone call from the Director of Spay & Neuter Services a few hours later. She apologized for the operator's rude behavior, assured me that the operator was being "dealt with," and answered my questions. She was awesome, and my experience with her convinced me that my next dog would come from them.  When my fiance and I went to adopt our dog from the Humane Society a few months later, we had nothing but positive experiences with their volunteers and shelter staff. Everyone was so accommodating and kind-- we really couldn't have asked for a better experience, and we found our dream dog on top of it all. I recommend this organization to everyone I know.
Adopted my 4 month old Pit mix from here. They are very nice and easy to deal with. The doggy is very healthy and her check-ups are free! I am very pleased.
We're supporters of the Arizona Humane Society and their cause to help animals in a humane way.  We have 2 dogs that are rescue dogs.  I want to adopt every single dog I see at the shelter, but that's impractical until I hit the lottery....in the meantime, I can only provide a little bit of financial assistance with a small donation from time to time.  The volunteers should be recognized for the work they do....it's very hard to look at these animals faces on a daily basis, I can't get out of there without shedding a tear.  I can't imagine what it would be like on a daily basis.    Return Factor - 100%
I honestly love this place I got a poodle about 3 months ago. The people were really nice and help me find the right dog for me and I found my poodle brandy. Then help me filled out the papers and I'm took her home and played with her she was well taken care of and the place I got her from was really clean you should go there they are awesome
Went here after getting a mew puppy and our other vet moved out of state. The office is clean and the staff is friendly and good.    My puppy has had some problems and the Vets have done a great job trying to manage the food allergies and other issues.     I like that they have discount shot days. That has been very helpful with all of the puppy shots.
Finally I found a dog.  It is not a Cockapoo like I have written about, but I did get one.  She is a Scottish Wheaten Terrier Mix and a true love.  She is 8 years old.  I got her from the Humane Society.      I was told that most dogs get kennel cough when you get them from the Humane Society and yes, she did.  I took her for her "free" visit at the VCA and they gave her antibiotics and cough tablets and true, it was for free.  If you have read my past posts on my last dog who passed away and Banfield, you will know what I'm talking about.  Anyway, I just took her back yesterday for her booster shot and again, they didn't even charge me for the office visit.      They are the nicest people there and everyone is so happy.  The technicians are great and so was Dr. Martin.  She knew what she was talking about and I really appreciate how they act and what they do.  Thank you very much for a great experience VCA and Missie, my new doggy thanks you too.
What a great clinic.  After adopting my little Sayuri, we brought her in for her free consultation.  We did end up needing stuff for her kennel cough, as well as some fish oil pills since she has some dry skin, and we also had her stool sample tested for heartworm.  Cost us 63 dollars, but that was 53 for the stool testing, which we were told about at the humane society, again on the phone with the vet, and then once again when we got there.  Our vet is great.  She gave us all kinds of tips on how to train, feed, and in general parent the new addition of our family.  I love this place.  Oh oh, and we got a free bag of science diet puppy food.  How sweet is that?
I took my 4 yr old dog into her first teeth cleaning last week.  The nice vet who examined her told us that she might have to have 1-2 teeth extracted, BUT they would call me before doing so.  Instead, the next day, I received a call letting me know all NINE of her front teeth had been pulled.  I can't believe the audacity of pulling all of her front teeth without getting my approval first.  Whether or not the vet believed this was the best for my dog, I should have been given the option.  And, if I had, I would have chosen something much less invasive for now.  Imagine if this had happened to a human child.  My poor pup, with no teeth at only 4 yrs old.  And it's irreversible.   I HATE them for not giving me the option by calling me first.
We can't say enough good things about the staff at VCA Northern animal hospital. They cared for our Dad's dog Charley for years. When Dad had to go into assisted living, they stepped up big time & helped find a perfect, loving home for Charley.     I think I can best sum it up like this: they care as much about your pet as you do, and that's awesome.    Thank you to everyone at VCA Northern.
DON'T GO HERE!  My Parents Shih Poos had puppies and one of them had caught a cold. We took him in and got him treated and well checked and the Vet said he was healthy otherwise.   BUT THEN  A family had come over to adopt the SAME puppy. They asked us where a good Vet  was and we recommended Bell Ridge, only to have the puppy returned and the money refunded along with a note from the SAME Veterinarian with a list of defects! This puppy is just fine!   DON'T GO HERE!
We have been taking all of our dogs to Dr. Weikhorst for more than 10 years. He is a very compassionate doctor and a pleasure to work with. We recommend his services to everyone.
This vet is near the Roadrunner saloon off of the Black Canyon access Rd. (I-17) on the east side of the freeway. I was there once a few years ago when my son's dog got in a fight and they took excellant care of her. But this morning we got a last minute appointment (with only kindness and understanding expressed by the staff) as we needed our beloved dog to be put down a.s.a.p. He was gasping for air, in much distress, and we ran in, my husband carrying our dog Tinker, and within minutes he was released from his agony. The vet is like a giant teddy bear, he said " This is quick, painless and now he's free from pain". Both my husband & I were crying, he gave us our space after hugging me and saying how sorry he was. He could not have been kinder or more effecient. Likewise the rest of his staff. We brought Tinker home with us and now, many hours later he has been buried next to his mom (Pumpkin) and my son's dog Lord. The hard work of digging his grave in the hot sun, of gathering rocks and dead Ocotillo branches together so as to securely cover him and protect his remains from scavengers is difficult but also very satisfying. it is a funeral and really gives comforting closure.  I highly, highly recommend this vet as everyone there was extremely compassionate. The emergency visit cost us only $60.00 - which is very inexpensive compared to most other vets.Thank you Wiekhorst Wayne for helping us in our time of need and I am now and forever will be grateful to you and your staff.
I wish I could give them more than just 5 stars...they are amazing! The doctors are great and they really do care! Dr. Sussink is the best doctor you will ever meet! He actually sits and talks to you so that you know what is going on at every moment. And I could call them at any time, day or night and get the status of my puppy. They also let me visit him in the actual area they work in, behind closed doors! Super!
My dog had a life threatening accident and presented seriously infected with a very high temperature. The people here are absolute professionals and they were able to stabilize and save my dog's life. It's taken months of surgery and recovery but he is coming back! Of course intensive care is the speciality, but these guys and ladies are great and they really care! Dr. Chris Monarski worked very hard and deserves special mention. But I have been so impressed by Sarah B. and her caring and professional nature, she's the best!  I do also appreciate the entire staff! I wanted the best care for my dog and I got it there.
I would not only recommend - but plan to go them ONLY in the event we have another Pet emergency!    Gizmo is my 12 week puppy who had a broken jaw by our other pet when he was 7 weeks old. Dr. M has done nothing but be respectful, caring, loving, and concerned about not only Gizmo but us as a family also.    Here is a surgeon, who we were referred to, that felt that "surgery" was not the solution to the problem. Saving us thousands of dollars.    The compassion and care goes beyond words. Not one person has been disrespectful or rude since the day we entered.     There were weeks that I would go 2-3 times a week worried over little things, but yet they still took the time to see us, care for us, and help us.     Thank you for everything!
We had to bring our sweet 14 ye old Rottie mix in. We had never used this facility but it was late on a Friday and our regular vet was not going to be able to see him until Monday morning. We knew he couldn't wait to be seen so we went in. The staff was so kind and the doctor really took his time with us explaining all our options. Sadly, we ended up putting our baby boy down. I will never forget their compassion and kindness. In the end it was very inexpensive. When we went back to pick up our dogs cremated remains we were pleasantly surprise that they took a clay cast of his paw print for us. Free of charge. Its those little things that make a difference. Thanks!
Took my dog there for knee surgery and had the absolute worst experience I've ever had in all my years related to the care of pets, and I've had a lot of them.  Whoever prepped my dog for surgery burned his leg with the shaver (must have been a very dull blade), then wrapped it without telling me of any issues.  How could the surgeon not have noticed this?  My dog was in such discomfort that I kept him drugged...little did I know about the sores as I was told to under no circumstances to remove the bandage.  I was also told to keep him in a kennel for six weeks, no exercise and no therapy.  There were no follow up calls from the hospital or surgeon until 10 days after surgery when a technician called and didn't know anything and didn't listen to anything I said. It was a very odd conversation.  I took the dog back to have his leg bandaged again as it was slipping. They wouldn't let me go back with him even though he was so frightened of the place that he was shaking all over and I thought he needed my support.  When we got home the normally laid back, sweet dog was going nuts so I removed the bandage to find his leg literally covered with horrible sores and burns.  No one said anything after they bandaged it but what a nice dog he is.  Nothing about the sores!!!  I was so furious I couldn't even talk.  Here my dog had been suffering for weeks for absolutely no reason.  The only time the surgeon even bothered to check on the dog was after I refused to make any more follow-up visits (they charge extra for follow-up exams after surgery!  What?? That should have been included.) and let them know that his other knee would be done elsewhere.  The surgeon said that he would tell the corporation that I wasn't happy.  Really?  Absolute worst experience.
Highly recommended. We took our 1year 150 puppy Big Ben to them with a leg injury. The staff was very caring and helpful even at 3am. Dealing with a Saint Bernard is no easy task but they did it with a smile. They worked in conjunction with our vet to get Ben the best treatment possible. Ben is on his way to a speedy recovery. Thank you so much to the Doctor and all the staff at VCA.
So... when you're woken up by the sound of your dog vomiting all over the carpet multiple times at 7 A.M. on a Sunday that's never a good thing. This is especially true if you see blood in the vomit! Naturally, all pets will either get sick: 1. Over the holidays 2. On a day or time where most vet offices are closed, or 3. Both.    Since my own vet's office was closed on Sunday, I remembered that VCA had an emergency veterinary center in Mesa. I called up, and the receptionist said to just bring my dog in and the vet would look at him. Once we arrived, we were escorted immediately to one of the rooms and filled out some forms.    The center itself looks very nice, with a contemporary, relaxing atmosphere. There was a TV facing the waiting area playing an old version of The Nutcracker.    Our tech was very friendly and took down all the standard questions. After some waiting, our vet came in. Dr. Dickson was detailed, thorough, and had a great "patient-side" manner. He prescribed a radiograph (Chest x-ray) to make sure that my dog hadn't ingested anything that would cause him to vomit, and went through the findings with us on the x-ray light-screen.    It was also nice that he called the day after just to make sure my dog was doing OK.     Prices are higher than at your regular vet's office, but remember, you are paying for the fact that someone will be there for your pet 24/7, even on the holidays.
Dr. Sessink was wonderful. Was very knowledgable and addresses all my concerns.  Made the right diagnosis and saved me 4000$ and saved my dog unnecessary surgery. I Had an awful experience the previous night at a emergency vet clinic in Peoria. Walked out of there. I was pressured and intimidated. The next day when I tried to get care for my dog ( my dog was hit by a car the precious night) three clinics turned me away because of what the Peoria clinic had written in my dogs chart. I came Into this clinic and asked for help. It was recommended by a vet tech friend as being the best in the city. Not only did they agree to see my animal they provided great care that was much cheaper than anywhere else. They had a CT machine that my dog needed for diagnosis. They picked up a nerve injury that the other clinic missed. They did not pressure me Into unnecessary surgery but advised me that my dog did not need surgery at this point. My dog is recovering. Thank you you guys are doing great work.
We LOVE this place.  3rd generation veterinarian in the same Mesa building.  Exceptionally affordable, you NEVER get an up-sell, very knowledgeable, compassionate and funny.  There are very gentle with our dogs and we are on our second generations of dogs.....very sad when we lost our last two brother and sister dynamic duo Jerry and Tomac.  We have new life again in our home with Opie and Haley and would never hesitate to make the drive from Ahwatukee to North Mesa to have them cared for by this Son and only Semi-retired hard working Father.  I found out today that they  are now taking new patients, for a while they were so booked they could only work with the patients they had.  If you have not found a great vet you may want to get in before they have to turn people away again.  A good Dr is hard to find and our dog kidz could not be in better hands.
Wow! I must say I am impressed! Took my dog there today as an emergency because I couldn't get in to my other established vet and because we're headed out of town. Dr. Dan blew me away! His demeaner with the animals is amazing and the prices are soooo reasonable. I feel like my dog received top notch care for a fraction of the price I normally pay. He was very informative and explained my dogs situation and told me how to treat it and what to watch for. I had to wait about 5 minutes to be seen (remarkable!) and I was in and out really fast. The office staff was great too! Don't let the no appointments rule intimidate you - there is only seating in the waiting room for about 15 people so the longest wait you'd likely ever have is about 45 minutes :-) I plan on transferring my dogs regular routine visits/care to this establishment.
Visited the Eastside Animal Hospital again for another animal incident :-) Equally as impressive as my first visit. Met the older doctor and he was so helpful and direct - I loved it. I still cannot believe the difference in prices compared to my regular vet. For instance, I inquired about dental cleaning which three of my five dogs are due for. EAH cost is about $300 - $325 per dog including everything. Cost at my regular vet is $1,000 or more NOT everything included! And the care and attention received for my animals is equal at both clinics. I am amazed that this jewel in the desert kind of clinic exists so close to my house and I had never heard of it before. I'm surprised EVERYONE doesn't bring their animals here :-) Thank you EAH for providing the best service and care for my animals ever!
I absolutely love Dr. Nowicki. I had seen him a few times, and even though he wasn't the cheapest, he was the most honest. I went to him when my dog was in pain and I knew he would give me an honest answer versus giving me the run around. I knew in my heart what he was going to say and that's why I went to him. We tried a week of treatment and when my dog went downhill, my friend was forced to put him down while I was at my brother's wedding out of town. Even though Dr. Nowicki wasn't open in order to help with that, he sent me a sympathy card for my loss. I would suggest Northeast Animal Hospital a thousand times over.
Dr. Ryan Ainsworth has been my vet for several years. He takes care of my dogs and also referred me to an excellent surgeon for my dog's orthopedic issue.  He is straight-forward and honest and my dogs love him.
I've been going to Brown Road for four years, since I rescued two Golden Retrievers.  Through all of the everyday (vaccinations, etc.) and complex (Cushing's disease) issues my dogs have had, BRAC has been warm, supportive and understanding.  My dogs actually enjoy going to the vet, because they receive genuine attention and affection from the staff.    The two vets have differing styles...I like Dr. McNulty more than Dr. Atkins, but I have friends who have had the opposite reaction.  If you go and don't make a connection to one of the vets, you can ask for your next appt to be with the other.    I have recently become more financially limited, and they have been sensitive to that, offering me alternatives to a recent issue we are dealing with.
I was looking for a smaller scale family vet and met with Dr Adkins.  Nice quirky kinda guy.  Straight shooter and down to earth.  He answered all my questions without me feeling like I was a bother.  (I liked that!)  In my opionion some Doctors treat the general public like morons or aids patients.  I didn't get ther weirdo vibe from Dr Adkins.  As for my last vet, I couldn't say the same.  Vet tech was REALLY nice.  Front of house lady seemed kinda fake, but was nice enough.  I had a bit of a wait due to two pet emergencies.  The doc even appologized for the wait.  I like the humility.  I totally understand, if my dog was severly sick or hit by a car, I would hope for the same treatment.  I'm very happy to have found a new vet.
This is one of the best vet establishments we have ever used.     Our 10 mo old Chuggle was sick, not eating, vomiting, and severely dehydrated. Dr Zinn took time with us to review symptoms and diagnose when parvo and fecal samples were negative. We had to return almost daily for a week to give her fluids and run more tests. While this is costly anywhere you go, I felt Dr Zinn worked hard to prioritize treatments and even gave us  a couple of breaks. I felt that he really cared about our dog, took extra time with us, and talked and answered our questions until we felt we were making informed decisions. Our pup is finally starting to feel better. We still don't know what was/is wrong with her, but we are confident we will do what's best with Dr Zinn's help.
Last ditch effort when all other possibilities failed- surgery. Voila!  Stupid dog ate plastic (vacuum cleaner attachment piece our lab chewed up). She's all better and grateful to Brown for all their efforts and compassion.
My wife and I got our first puppy from a rescue. We went to the vca which I was not fully content with. I found Brown Road Animal Clinic and I gotta say my pup found his forever vet. Dr. Mcnulty helped ke the first couple times and I really enjoyed how much she seemed to really care about my dog. She was ok with my million questions and was great with the information she provided. Today I saw Dr. Zinn, I didnt know what to expect out of a young guy but he seemed to be knowledgeable and care about my dog just as much. The staff there is always so friendly. I would advise anyone looking for a vet to try out this place.
My family first started going to see Dr. Adkins when I was two years old and we had our Rottie puppy. 12 years down the road I got my own dog and noticed a mass developing on his leg. I took him straight back to see the vet we grew up with, and despite not being in for five years Dr. Adkins remembered my family. My Great Dane ended up having to be put down, but Dr. Adkins had the best bedside manner and even stayed with me and talked to me about the Rainbow Bridge after it was done.    About a year later I got a new dog, and brought him in to see Dr. McNulty. That was a mistake. Harley is a rescued German Shepherd and I told Dr. McNulty how nervous he was and the proper ways to approach him. In stark contrast to Dr. Adkins, she has no bedside manner. She couldn't take his temperature because she terrified him, he expressed his anal glands everywhere and she got frustrated, and she rushed us out when it was all done. I was appalled.    A couple months later he developed an eye infection and I took him into Brown Road again, this time requesting the vet that gave me a great experience. BIG DIFFERENCE. He spoke calmly and moved slowly, understanding that Harley was nervous. He took the time to listen to my concerns and was honest with me about everything. Harley even sat for him and let him look into his second eyelid. Rather than growling and cowering in the corner, Harley (while still apprehensive) would let Dr. Adkins do what he needed to do. I couldn't afford to pay for the eyedrops for Harley at the time (he had pink eye) but Dr. Adkins sent me home with them anyway and told me to come back and pay for them once I got my paycheck (which I did).    All in all, Dr. Adkins is the best you can have. He's compassionate, caring, and concerned. Avoid Dr. McNulty if your dog has any sort of reservations for the vet.
I just switched to this vet after having several horrible experiences with Alta Mesa Animal Hospital and I am so happy I did! What a great group.  The employees are smart and great with my animal.  The pricing is reasonable and the facilities are clean and comforting.  My dog was totally as ease receiving the same procedures that seemed to really upset him at his old vet.  I would recommend this hospital to anyone
Upon returning from a long trip, my dog had a sudden and serious list of symptoms. My own vet was unable to fit her in the same day, but I will save that frustration for their review... I called Bark Avenue on recommendation. They fit her in within a couple of hours.    The office is run as efficiently as a QT. Not kidding. They acquired her records from the other vet, identified the ailment, treated her, and prescribed her within 20 minutes. My dog was relieved and I was able to quit crying and head back to work promptly for important meetings. The two follow-ups were just as efficient and straightforward.     The staff is also very caring, informative, and attentive, which is paramount. It's a refreshing change of pace from the last vet, especially. My dog is on the mend and, although the circumstances were not ideal, I'm happy to have been able to make the switch.
My family just adopted a 7 month boxer/pit mix stray dog that is the best dog ever. I always shop at Bark Avenue pet supply. The said Dr Orr and Dr Rice were really good. I brought Max to Dr Rice for his shots and he and his technician got on the floor, talked to him and gave him his shots so quickly he didn't know what happened. He was so gentle and good with Max. I wound up with Dr Orr for his neutering. She was wonderful as well. She came out and met us and talked about how well everything went. Max actually walked up and really liked her.  You can't miss with either of these veterinarians. They are great!
This is the only vet I will ever take my dogs again.  We have 5 dogs so we are frequent visitors to Bark Avenue.  One of our older dogs has high blood pressure and we are in every week for a check up.  We recently got a black lab and took her in to see if she was up to date on her shots.  Dr. Orr (who is AMAZING) took care of everything.  Dr Orr is definitely the best part about this place.  She is very thorough and gentle with the dogs, they all love her.  The staff is also very nice and welcoming. What's also cool is there is a pet supply store and resort right next store.  Although I don't travel often, if I ever needed to board my dogs I would definitely go there.  I will never go anywhere else because I know my dogs are in the best of hands here.
In 2012, having been a new resident of Arizona, I was very concerned about where to take my Wheaten Terrier for quality veterinary care.  A dog show professional recommended Bark Avenue.  I could not have been more pleased.      I have had pets my entire life and have interacted with many veterinarians, vet hospitals and clinics.  Bark Avenue was been wonderful.  The facility was always clean and well kept.  The staff and Dr. Orr's level professionalism  was exemplary.  My Wheaten's personality is challenging, at best, yet the staff and Dr. Orr treated him as if he was as sweet as he looks.  Dr Orr's knowledge base, assessment and treatment showed focus.  She is not wasteful of time or cost to the owner.  Bark Avenue would be the first and only recommendation I would have for someone looking for quality care for their pet.     We recently moved from Arizona to Southern California.  We have yet to find a new veterinarian and my standards will be quite high.  While I know no one is indispensable, I am certain I will hold every establishment to even the most minimal standards in comparison.... and still be disappointed.
I would caution any pet owners to look for another vet service. I had been a loyal customer of Bark Ave. However the constant turnover in veterinarians was troublesome. I recently took my dog in for very troubling symptoms and despite writing down in the record my dog was lethargic and temp very low, the vet choose to draw labs and not run them and send her home. My poor 5 year old dog died the next day.Running the labs would have saved her!!! And they had the ability to do the labs in the office and not send them out.4  Look for another vet hospital... I believe my dog unnecessarily died and suffered in doing so.
This review is long overdue, as my dog has been a tail-wagging client of Dr. Kristi's twice in the past six months when he succumbed to two unforeseen circumstances for an otherwise healthy and happy dog; a suspicious growth and a cracked tooth.     I took my dog to see Dr. Kristi this past winter when I noticed a growth on his paw. Dr. Kristi successfully removed the tumor, and fortunately for the little guy, it turned out to be benign. I left the clinic feeling relieved, and he left as the proud owner of a neon green wrap (he loved the attention) and returned to have his stitches removed two weeks later. The fur has since grown back, and he is back to his handsome self.    More recently my dog fell victim to a cracked tooth that I believe resulted in his attempt to destroy a dog chew in one sitting. I took him in again to see Dr. Kristi and she was able to extract the tooth for him that day. I felt comfortable calling Dr. Kristi with all of my questions over the next few days, and she was very patient and thorough in her explanations.     My dog looks forward to going back for his check-ups and vaccinations and being greeted by all his friends at the clinic who have come to know and love him.
I have been going to this clinic for 12 years now and have always had great service.  I think all vets are going to be expensive, so at least these folks are good people.  Unfortunately, this last visit was not a good one and we had to make a hard decision with our 12 year old terrier mix, Buddy.      Dr. Christina was amazing and has been the past few years that we have seen her consistently.  You know someone is not only a good vet but a great person when they basically sit on the floor and cry with you when you have to make a horrible decision for the first time ever for a dog that has been a part of your life for 12 years.  The kisses she gave Buddy the last minutes and the hugs she gave us before we left will never be forgotten.  While the card we got in the mail today made me cry, it shows the compassion these folks have for their animal patients and the families who trust them with their care.      The next furry friend that comes into our life will most certainly be taken to this clinic, even if we don't live down the street.      Thank you very much for making a horrible day as humane as possible.  I would recommend this practice to anyone.  Thank you Dr. Christina for your kindness and compassion our last two visits.  You are amazing
This animal hospital is just terrible. I have been taking my dog there for about three years. She has a lump on her belly ever since we got her, we did not think it was anything severe so we did not take any action. She was regularly examined there may be over 10 times in the last three years. Since she never had any issue with appetite and exercise, we assume it is benign.    Last month, we started to notice the lump has increased a little bit in size, so I finally ask the Vet to check it out. They responded with a list of recommendations include X-Rays, biopsy, and removal procedures. I bluntly asked them why it was NEVER ONCE MENTIONED to us that this could be an issue in OVER THREE YEARS! They said they just never checked there. The total bill for those procedures will run more than $1500 dollars.    I think as a Vet, they should have thoroughly check my dog for any illness, especially they charge $49 dollar for every check up regardless of duration. So we probably had paid more than $1000 dollars in Vet bills here.     Needless to say, I will not be returning to this place ever again. I recommend you to take your dog anywhere else. You paid a lot and get little in return.    P.S. their groomer's skill is horrible, every time we have our Cocker Spaniel groomed, she looks horrible. The groomer basically just do a buzz cut throughout even though we requested Cocker Spaniel cut with skirt and fluffy legs.
I do not know where these folks with the negative reviews went but it could not have been the Arizona Ave Animal Clinic,  First we are traveling in an RV and one of our three dogs got very sick. Called the clinic and explained what was happening and they got us right in.  They did all kinds of tests and then presented a treatment plan for us.  The price was what we expected no one attempted to take advantage of us or the situation.  We left the area and got several follow up phone calls to ensure everything was ok.  10 days later the same dog come down with pancreatitis and my wife called them up and they got him in again.  They recommended that he stay in the hospital but knew we were not in the area so set up a treatment plan we could follow while on the road.  Have gotten 4 phone calls to check up on the new problem.  Highly recommend this clinic.  Our doctors were Dr Mike and Dr Khristina.
We had a hurt dog and they got us right in this morning.    Great staff and friendly Dr.
Dr. Alber and Dr. Freeman are great vets! They spend a lot of time with us when we bring our two dogs in for care and provide excellent care for our animals. The technicians and the office staff are great as well. They know our pets are nervous in the office and are very gentle with them. They know our pets by name and are happy to see us each time we come in. The quality of care our pets receive is reflected in the improvements we have seen in their health and longevity!
I have taken my dogs here for ever and loved the vets and staff.     My dog suddenly became very sick on a Wednesday ,morning and I knew that the office opens at 7:30am.   We got there early and waited. The receptionist opened the doors on time and I struggled to get my 100lb dog into the building.   My dog collapsed on the floor barely breathing and she tells me that the vet will not be in for another 30 min!!!!!   Why would you open a veterinary clinic without a vet present!?     I had to have someone help me get her back into the car and by this time my dogs tongue was blue.   We got to emergency and she died less then an hour later.     Thanks Prestige for the help on one of the worst days of my life. I hope it was worth sleeping in...
I have taken my dog to this clinic for almost 5 years, the latest vets have been there for a couple of years and I continued to take my dog there. They will take good care of your animals.  My issue stems from needing to take my dog in for his rabies shot, they won't give him his shot without a wellness exam which is an extra $40. He had a wellness exam there about 7 months ago and is perfectly healthy. I really don't want to spend an extra $40.  I can take him to the Petsmart clinic or humane society clinic and get the shot minus the wellness exam, and my vet said "fine"!!!! After many years and $100's of dollars spent there, I was surprised and disappointed  that he wouldn't let me take him there and just pay him for a rabies shot, after all he'd be going back in in a couple of months for his other shots and ANOTHER wellness exam!!!!! I wll be leaving this clinic after almost 5 years. I thought a relationship with the vet was valualble but not to me just to him.  Loyalty goes both ways......
Found Prestige thru the Maricopa County voucher program for pet nuetering. Took my second dog there to have same procedure at full price, soley on experience. Both doctors are very nice, & very knowledgable. All the techs are great that we've encountered. (Counter help lacked in past, great now!).... I'm writing this review becuase I went as soon as they opened today to try and handle a broken nail on my Labrador. No appointment, so I of course expected to wait. They open at 7:30...I was gone before 8am!!!!!! I would have been willing to pay 3 times the cost too!
Let me start off by saying that this is by far the best vet that I have ever taken my dog to.  First of all, I have a Pitbull and she is the most amazing dog ever.  I know some people have these opinions that they are a dangerous breed and they shouldn't be allowed, but these people have clearly never met my Akuma.      With that said, let me get back to my point.  The staff at Prestige treated Akuma with all the care that you would expect from someone that is treating a family member.  I had to take Akuma in to get spayed as well as have her tail docked, before you judge me on the tail docking, you must know that she had a severe case of "Happy Tail Syndrome" and constantly broke it open when she got excited so I was afraid of infection.     I cannot even begin to convey the love that these people have for their patients.  From the first phone call when I spoke with Pamela to schedule the appointment to when I met the vet tech Heather it was a wonderful experience.  These ladies are wonderful and Akuma fell in love with them.  Then I met Dr. Alber and the experience got even better.  He exemplifies what a vet should be.  He has a no BS approach to things and I appreciated that.  He didn't judge me for my choice in pets and was very supportive of what I needed to have done.  He did not try to sell me a bunch of crap that I know I didn't need.      I would recommend this place to anyone that has a sick animal or even if you just need a check up for your pet.  I was blown away by the service as well as the love that everyone in the office has for animals.
Our beloved dog, Guinness was told he would need a tooth pulled, as well as needing to have two baseball size fatty tumors removed from around his male parts. The doctors were very up front and honest about not only the procedure itself, but the cost, as well. This was so helpful in determining our options.  From the start, they were always willing and readily available to answer all of our questions. On the day of the surgery, Dr. Alber talked us through his surgical decisions, which helped us feel included. The staff; Lynda, Heather, Natalia and Jaime were all very supportive in walking us through Guinness' healing process, even showing us how to use the dog collar, (on themselves as a guinea pig!) and calling to check in on how he was doing.   Through this experience this clinic has demonstrated that they are competent, professional and most of all, compassionate. We would definitely recommend Prestige Animal clinic and am thankful to have found such a great team of caring individuals for both of our dogs.
12 years ago I had a Golden Retriever puppy, my first dog and she quickly became a part of my family.  New to the world of pet ownership, I tried a few different vets and was pretty disappointed by a number of things that I won't mention here.  Then I was finally lucky enough to stumble across Adobe (and Dr. Tom Newland).  Dr. Newland treated us almost as family and you could tell he truly cared about Casey (our dog).  She actually liked coming to the vet because Dr. Newland and staff were always so authentically happy to see her and really showered her with affection.   Dr. Newland's integrity is rock solid as well.  I was never hit with any type of unforeseen charge (on the occasions where major care was needed, he always gave me options and prepared me for the cost); there's no beaurocracy happening here.  When it was finally time to say goodbye to Casey, he opened the clinic on a weekend and was very compassionate while we said our farewells.    I now have an older golden (a rescue) and he and the staff treat her with love and compassion as well.  If we ever leave the area I don't know how we'll replace Adobe.
sometimes, i don't even have to say my name. either they recognize my voice when i call (or more realistically, my name pops up on their caller ID) because they are just that good, or maybe it's because they work with animals...i don't know, but they always know and remember me and my dog.  at my first ever job orientation at a hospital in Atlanta, the staff leader asked a question...."Why is it that doctorates in veterinary medicine differ so much from doctorates in human medicine? Because vets love their patients"....so true.  i haven't used the same vet everytime i go to adobe, but each vet there is just so darn calm and caring. you can immediately tell when someone enjoys animals. and it's not just the doc's....it's the whole staff. they all love animals. they always make me feel like i have the best dog in the whole world (although i'd like her to be, she lacks many personal best characteristics).   in any case, great clinic, great hospital, great staff.
had my pup's usual yearly check-up and shots. these people are just so great. they spend so much time with us, and my dog leaves full from all the treats they give.     after working in a hospital all day, i'm still amazed at how people whom work with dogs are always so stinking happy at this place. coming here after work and seeing how great they interact with my pooch makes even the worst day end on a happy note!
The staff here is very attentive and helpful. We bring 3 family dogs here and they have always spent load if time with us making sure we are healthy and happy.     My only complaint is that the prices are high and they don't offer all the med options some of the larger, more commercial places do but it's a not a big trade off considering the courtesy you end up with.
Best. Vet. Ever.     I personally see Dr. Davis, but Dr. Newland is also amazing. I take my personal pets here, but also worked for a facility where most of our clients took their pets here as well. I have never heard a single complaint against them. The staff is always so happy and helpful. Christy is the perkiest person I have ever met, and her mood is contagious.     I always feel like my pets are being taken care of, and that I'm not just another dollar sign walking through the door. Dr. Davis recommended spacing out my dogs vaccinations, but didn't charge me an office visit upon my return for the other vaccinations. That to me, shows that he cares and isn't in it just for the money.
I went to Fresh and Easy to purchase my favorite hummus, and rescued a 3 month old puppy instead.  I knew I needed to get her to a good veterinarian close to my  home, and looked at Yelp for reviews.  I trusted the reviews here, and I can honestly say they didn't fail me.  My new pup was examined by Dr. Matthew Davis. He is thorough, highly skilled, kind and offered me great puppy advice to keep her healthy and happy.  When she developed a cough a few days after the exam, he saw her on the same day as my frantic call and prescribed antibiotics that cured her. He also followed up with a phone call.   I believe their fees are reasonable, they are on time, and the staff is very well trained, and caring.      Now that we have moved to San Diego, I will be on the search for a vet as caring as Dr. Davis and his staff at Adobe Animal Hospital.
Fantastic place for my pup. The doctor and vet techs were great with my dog and so easy to talk too. If only human doctors were this great.
Adobe Animal Hospital was recommended to us by our awesome dog trainer Andrew and we are so glad we found them. I love everything about them-their front office staff, the office decor, the doctors! Everyone is so friendly and really seems to care about my dog.    We recently moved out of state and have been having a hard time finding a new vet for our dog but Adobe Animal Hospital saved the day by expediting a shipment of our dog's meds to us in our new city.    I highly recommend Adobe Animal Hospital!
Personally, I think Cochise Animal Hospital is great, but it may not be for everybody. Only one vet works here (though I think a new vet might have joined the practice recently) & it is a very small animal hospital. I love it none the less. Due to the small size, the vets & the vet techs really know their clients & are able to spend a little time with them. A couple of times when a vet tech wasn't available, the vet actually took the time to clip my dog's nails. I couldn't believe it. My last vet would have told me to come back later.     There is one vet tech named Valerie (I am pretty sure) who is especially great. She is really into animal health & every time I stop by she weighs my dog & talks to me about how to keep her healthy. For example, during the summer when it was too hot to walk she worked with me on adjusting what my dog was eating so that she wouldn't put on too much weight. (For free.)     This animal hospital is just a really "Main Street" style vet's office- heavy on the personal touch. They have fairly odd hours but a couple of times I have been offered appointments when they are supposed to be closed. If you need a vet with someone always on call, this is probably not the place for you given its small size. But if you are looking for an vet who really focuses on spending time with their clients & keeping them healthy from the get go, this is a great place.
I love this place! I've seen both vets and they are both amazing! They spent a lot of time with my dog and explained things in detail with me!    It's also very affordable!!! I will be back again and again!!!
I used to take my dog to Banfield at Petsmart for several years, but I got tired of paying for a monthly plan that ultimately saved me very little money and being left to wait alone in a tiny room for an hour every time I came in.     So when my plan expired I decided to try this little place in my neighborhood. The staff is friendly and personable (they actually recognize me and remember my name when I come in), the prices are reasonable and, most importantly, I've never had to wait more than 15 minutes to be seen. I definitely recommend it.
We had a great experience here and will definitely be using Cochise Animal Hospital as our primary vet. The Dr. was very gentle and calm with our scared dog. He quickly diagnosed her infected toe and gave us a treatment plan. She is much better now. Our invoice showed "tender loving care" as one of the treatments she received that day. Such a cute touch.
We love Dr. Howard and his staff. I make the half hour drove up here because we trust him to do what's best but not at unnecessary expense. Reagan has a level of comfort with him than I've not witnessed with any other veterinarians.     As an added bonus they have a groomer so I can get her nails clipped at the same time. Totally worth the $12 to avoid that stress for both of us. Leave it to the experts, and let your dog blame someone else!
Since moving to AZ 2.5 years ago, this is where I take Minnie for her annual check-ups, rabies, bordatella, rashes, and anything else that comes up...    We've seen Dr. Stevenson, Dr. Bates, and Dr. Dawson, and I've had a good experience with all of them.  The vet technicians are all very personable as well.  On occasion, I've had to wait longer than expected (even with an appointment), but I feel comfortable recommending this veterinarian office to anyone.  The staff is usually friendly and they are organized, so I always receive postcards when Minnie is due for something.      They are also pretty good in case of emergency as well.  (I had to take Minnie in a few months ago when they had the dog food recall and they accomodated her immediately... this may be due to the fact that I was freaking out on the phone, but I was just happy to take her in right away!)    If you are looking for a reliable veterinarian practice to take your (pet) children to, and you live not too far from north Scottsdale, consider Pinnacle Peak Animal Hospital...     (this review was written by Gabi & Minnie)
We have been taking our dog, Cholla, to Pinnacle Peak Animal Hospital since we "found" her, back in 2005.  The tech staff is wonderful - Cholla loves Patrick (Probably mostly for the treats.).  I have always found the staff and Doctors (We have seen Dr. Dawson, Dr. Stevenson, and lately Dr. Izumi) to be professional, caring for animals, and provide good answers and treatment explanations to the "parents" of their patients.  I also appreciate the fact the Doctors and Staff don't push "extra" services on you (i.e. Teeth Cleaning) unless you inquire, or they really feel there is an issue.  Thank you.
I unfortunately went here under bad circumstances. My dog was getting old and I had just taken her to another Animal Hospital in the area. They wanted to charge me over $600 in tests before even considering putting her to sleep. I've had my dog for 5 years and knew that she wasn't doing well. The decline in her health happened over the last couple of weeks and I could tell she was suffering. I didn't want to put her through all those tests and agony over weeks, months or years just to keep her around for myself.     I decided to find another place in the area. I happened to do a google search and found Pinnacle Peak Animal Hospital. I called and told the receptionist the story and he put me on hold then asked if I could come by in 15 minutes. Luckily I was just down the street.     I don't know which doctor I saw (I was too emotional to ask). It was a tough day and I had made a tough decision, to put my dog to sleep to end her suffering. The doctor I saw understood. She had me sign the paperwork and explained everything to me in detail.     I left hysterical because I had just left my dog (a family member) in the hands of complete strangers. I was still struggling with the decision I had just made but as I left expecting to pay a bill to my shock and amazement they said don't worry about it.     I couldn't believe it. I asked again how much it would be. My dog was like one of my kids, money wasn't my concern, it was her well being. The receptionist said the doctor took care of it and not to worry. The kindness and compassion shown to me by the doctor and the staff was one I have not experienced in a long time. I'm sad that I no longer have my dog but know that on that day I left her in good hands.
Just an update on Pinnacle Peak Animal Hospital since I haven't written one in several years...    We continue to go to PPAH and they haven't let us down since moving here to AZ 7+ years ago!  Dr. Azumi is who we usually see and she is wonderful but Dr. Dawson is awesome too.  He did Minnie's teeth cleaning last year.  All of the front desk staff and vet techs are super friendly and knowledgeable too.      Just as going to the doctor isn't always fun for people, I'm sure Minnie feels the same way about going to the vet, but I know we're in good hands at Pinnacle Peak Animal Hospital.    ***We also recently had a horrible scare when we found worms in Minnie's dog food.  I called PPAH and they suggested a new dog food to use, told me to watch Minnie, etc... and thank goodness she's fine.  My little girl is now almost 10 years old, but with the care of PPAH's staff and the TLC we give her at home, I hope she has at least another 10 years in her!
I have taken several of my dogs to this facility for more than 15 years.  They are caring, professional, and very wonderful people.  Dr. Dawson, Dr. Izumi, and Dr. Stevenson are all passionate about what they do and truly care!  Even the techs really care and do everything they can. I have been to other vet offices and will now only be bringing my pets here from now on.
I had a horrible and heartbreaking experience with this place. I brought my 14 year old dog there on a Thursday for dental cleaning. Within a few days he  started vomiting and was very lethargic.  Up until the dental cleaning he was the picture of health. Within a few days he became very ill and I took him back there to see what was wrong.  After a full day there and $700 later he was not responding well to the fluids and drugs they gave him and they decided he needed 24 hour care and referred him to VetMed AZ. VetMed wanted $750 immediately and then made us sign a bill for another $2500 and said they would be doing an ultrasound to determine what was wrong. Then the next day we got the bad news that he had an abscess on his liver which they were going to treat with drugs. On Thursday he was not responding to the drugs the way they had  hoped and wanted him to have surgery to remove the abscess and my husband had to go there and give them another $4,000. They performed the surgery on Thursday and by Friday he was not breathing on his own and passed away of a heart attack on Friday. They called my husband to tell him the bad news on Friday. Today one week later someone from Vet Med left a message in a very cheerful voice telling me my dog was ready to be picked up. Of course they were referring to his ashes. This has been the most distressing and heartbreaking thing I have gone through since the death of my mother from a brain tumor. I think Pinnacle Peak Animal Hospital should not have recommended my dog have his teeth cleaned at his age and should have recommended a more recent blood test before the cleaning than one that was over 100 days old. They are all greedy and more than willing to take your money. VetMed AZ takes advantage of people when they know they will do anything for their pet. My dog is dead and this has cost me a lot of money.  If I ever get another dog i will never take them to Pinnacle Peak Animal Clinic or to Vet Med AZ. Link to VetMed AZ review http://www.yelp.com/biz/vetmed-consultants-phoenix#hrid:WpwLLQBQik6Wv70t59635Q
I have been taking my beloved pets to Pinnacle Peak Animal Hospital for the last 22 years. I have nothing but great things to say about all if the doctors-Stevenson, Dawson, Izumi & Bates! They have cared for two sets of litter mates from puppy to the end with me and continue to care for my 3 current dogs. They have referred me to an oncologist and a vet who performs in home euthanasia and under the circumstances, I could not have asked for better referrals. However, I have been referred to VetMed 3 times now. Twice I saw Dr Aguirre who went to Cornell and is a sharp guy. But the last experience with Vet Med was beyond disastrous with their staff failing to provide me with test results for several days while when we did not have the luxury of time. So 5 stars to PPAH but you may want another referral should they suggest Vet Med even though they are considered one of the preeminent specialty groups in town.
We have two dogs and love this place.  More often than not we see Dr. Stevenson but have also seen Dr. Bates and Dr. Dawson.  They are all terrific, caring, knowledgeable and you can tell that they really care.  They also know their limitations.  Our one dog had a displaced patella. They diagnosed it and sent us to an ortho vet for the surgery because they only do minor surgery here (spay/neuter, removing "things", etc.).    The tech staff are wonderful.  They're very gently with your sick pet and go out of their way to make them feel comfortable.      Another nice touch is that I've always gotten a phone call within a day or two to see how my dog is doing if I bring him or her in for something non-routine.  The vet calls, not the tech. That personal touch is appreciated.
Pinnacle Peak has been our ongoing care facility for all of our dogs since we first moved to Phoenix.  They are as good as it gets in veterinary care.  They have been through every type of medical situation with our pups that is possible (valley fever, cancer, dental...even the need to remove a chewed bone that was refusing to leave our dog's digestive system....) and they have always done so with compassion and the best of technical knowledge.  If the need was something that required a particular specialist, they would not hesitate sending us to someone else.  Unfortunately, sometimes the care involved euthanasia and we always knew that they sincerely hurt as we did.  The veterinarians and technicians are some of the best in the profession and the Pinnacle Peak staff are truly caring people.  Their fees are reasonable and they will always do their best to get you in quickly in the case of a last-minute problem.  You and your pet will always be in good hands at Pinnacle Peak!
Finding a good vet can be a daunting task, and finding one that is friendly is even harder!  I have found both at the Family Pet Hospital.  I bring my two dogs here and the staff is excellent.  Dr. Sura is very nice and friendly.  She always gets down on the floor with the dogs and plays with them before doing her exam.  The prices are quite reasonable.  There are only two doctors here so you are not always seeing someone different.  I highly recommend this hospital.
Dr. Sura and her staff are the best.  I have been taking my dog there for years.  The prices are reasonable and I can always get an appointment when I need one.  I do participate in the wellness plan because it is a good deal if you take your pet for regular health care.  It also saves you money if your pet requires prescription food.  Most of all Dr. Sura discovered a cancerous tumor in my dog and because of her quick action she made a quick recovery and is still cancer free one year later.  I highly recommend Family Pet Hospital.
Hands down, best vet in the valley.  Dr. Sura gets down and sits with the dog, pays attention, plays a little with them and makes them happy to go there....seriously, my dog is excited to go to the vet.    She has saved my boxers life on numerous occassions including the very first visit when she was just a two pounder, now shes a whopping 60 pounder.  Thanks again FPH, you guys Rock.
I have high maintenance bulldogs and things always come up.  The vet I used normally was out of town and one of my dogs needed medical attention.  I consider myself very knowledgeable about my breed and I have used many Vets in the past.  Dr. Florez was very patient and knowledgeable.  He was able to treat the problem we came in for and point out a few tips on how to treat other issues I hadn't even considered.  The staff was very warm and friendly.      The office is beautiful and very well taken care of.  My bill was 50.00 less than it would have been with my other vet and I left with more knowledge.  I also took a look at their boarding.  I'm so impressed.  I will definitely be back.  Thank you everyone for taking such good care of my baby!
First off my dog got cherry eye which is very easy to tell based off google... The vet told me it was an infection... Wrong... Wasted 115$ first visit on stupid drops that did not work, went again and spent the same amount for another kind of drops that do not work, I'm sure any other vet could of told me if they got it in one eye, they can easily get it in the other and look out for it, he did not and now my baby has 2 cherry eyes... He could of easily told me to get lubricant eye drops and massage back into place, he did not because I'm sure he wanted me to come back in and drop mad money on surgery, google your stuff this guy says... Nice people though, that's all the good that has came out from them
After my dog started peeing all over our new apartment I knew it was time to get him  fixed. I looked around at low cost clinics and after reading the reviews I was terrified to take him to any of them. So I started calling vets and found the prices were way too high and I felt stuck. I found a clinic online called 101 spay and neuter clinic that would charge $89. I called and made an appointment and thats when they told me the procedure would take place at Aztec. My husband dropped my dog off this morning (alone, I worked until past midnight and was still sleeping) and when he dropped our dog off they suggested a blood screening to make sure the neuter would be okay. Which, at first I was completely for even at $40 extra, I love my dog and wanted to make sure he would be okay. When they called at around 1pm (we dropped him off around 730am) to tell me he had an ear infection and it would be another $30 dollars for the medicine, which again was fine, whatever he needs to be fine. When I went to get him it was clean inside and didn't smell like vets normally do, the receptionist quickly asked me what I needed and when I without thinking said "I'm here to pick up my baby!" She snapped back and said "who is your baby?" With a bad attitude. As soon as I told her his name she immediately told me how much it would be (over $170 for everything) and put her hand out. She was rude and made me feel like I was bothering her. The vet tech that actually talked to me in the room was super helpful and answered all the questions I had. He was kind of loopy and still hasn't figured out how to walk around with the cone on but overall he seems fine. The only real complaints I have are the up charges, the rude front desk woman, and the fact that I couldn't meet the doctor because he was "on the phone".     Although I don't know if I would take him there regularly because I would like a little bit more of a relationship with my vet, I would recommend going to get your pet fixed. Although its a little more expensive, it beats going to cheap route and your pet ending up with infection or worse!
I felt this office and Dr Florez deserved a stellar review to offset the one star review (that was petty and unfair) because he has treated all three of my dogs with care and compassion. I have never had a vet who personally calls me to check on my animals, and Dr. Florez does frequently. I credit him 100% for saving my small pup Ralphie after he came down with a case of Valley Fever that was so severe, (accompanied with secondary high fevers) that without Dr. Florez and his quick actions, we would have lost our beloved pup. The staff is also excellent. They are always asking about Ralphie and my other animals. I feel they are personally invested in the health and well-being of my animals. Dr. Florez is the kind of man who you can tell LOVES animals. He is always available by phone and will even drop what he is doing between patients to stop and talk. I cannot say enough about how much I TRUST this Vet and his staff. I am so glad we switched from SVC with our new clan after our older dogs passed. And for those who complain about cost of services: owning an animal is a responsibility. Things happen. If you cannot afford vet bills (which are pretty stable across metropolitan areas) then you have no business owning an animal. Thank you Dr. Florez and staff, for all you do!
I just got a new puppy and of course, I looked into where I could get him neutered and how much it was going to cost me.     Vets charged between $200 to $400 so I was really hoping to find someplace that wouldn't be as pricey but wasn't a shady chop shop either.     A friend recommended the Arizona Spay & Neuter Clinic and I must say that I am glad to have found this place.    First, they are a few dollars more expensive than the other non profit clinics but it's worth paying the extra $. Everytime I called with a question the phone was answered and all of my questions were answered. No waiting, no attitude, no rush.    When I brought my puppy in, I arrived promptly at 8am and there was no wait. The vet and the staff chatted with me and made me feel better about leaving my puppy and the surgery he was about to go through. I know neutering your pet is the right thing to do but still... you feel bad that you're about to castrate your new baby.    I went back at 3pm to pick up the puppy and the staff went through all of the after surgery do's and don'ts. I wanted to be well prepared so I was ready to buy the anti-biotic pils, the e-collar, the extra anti-biotic injection, etc.... anything that the staff was going to recommend.     Get this! The staff was honest and told me that all I needed was extra pain meds. That's it. No dishonest upsells!    It's just refreshing to find a clinic that is willing to take good care of your pet and walk you through the whole process and not try to sell you on unnecessary extras. I was worried about what to do if there was an infection or if my puppy was in pain and it was good to know that I could always bring my puppy back for a follow up visit and I wouldn't have to pay extra to go to a vet.     Support this clinic and bring your pets here! You'll be happy with the staff and will be definitely be happy for the peace of mind.
I took my 2 year old queensland heeler in to be spayed this weekend and didn't really know what to expect, as this obviously is not her regular vets office.  We were wonderfully surprised by the level of service provided not only by the doctor, but by the techs as well. Everyone who handled my dog was very friendly and very understanding.  They took excellent care of her, and didn't charge me an arm and a leg for doing the surgery!  For the price I paid here, it would've cost over $400 at her vets office and why pay that when you can get the same things done for less without sacrificing your pets health and well being!  I would absolutely reccommend this clinic to everyone!
I brought my dog here to get neutered. When I went  to get him, his right eye seemed irritated and barely kept it open. Being new to this, I thought it was because he was on anesthesia and maybe it'll go away. Couple days later, it was just as bad. They referred me to an animal hospital. My visit cost $80 including ointments.  He got a cornea ulcer which the new Vet said could have happened at the neuter clinic.  Afterwards I called the clinic to see if they could consider compensation since this could have been prevented at the clinic. The doctor immediately got defensive and argued back saying it happened before I brought him in. NOT TRUE. I was being calm and he finally agreed to pay half. He never did send anything. These people did not take responsibility. I will not bring my dog back and advise everyone else NOT to. Terrible customer service.
I am fairly new to town and needed a place to take my Westie for routine check-ups. I am very picky about my dog and Az Spay put my mind at ease. They treated him like a VIP! I wish some doctor's offices would treat me that good! It was a little more $$$ than what I was used to, but it was well worth it.
Went here this morning to get the necessary second round of vaccinations for my darling little 11 week old German Shepherd puppy, Fiona.     Walked right in and there was no wait so they ushered into a room right away. Treva fawned over Fiona and was very good with her. I got Fee's first shots at Banfield and showed the paperwork to Dr. Pence who jotted everything down in a Pet Passport for me so that all records are in one place. Prior to doing the vaccinations, Doc explained why they do vaccinations when they do and went through the timeline going forward. Zach held Fiona while doc administered the vaccinations and we just had one little yelp (no pun intended) and all was well!     The whole process was quick, easy and painless. The price was also great.... $40 for the whole shabang! Fiona left in a good mood and actually wanted to go back inside once we left.... always a good sign for a vet!!     We will definitely be going back for the rest of her vaccinations and for the big procedure... Highly recommend!
My moms dog was some how cut when we were at our cabin up north. she took her to ingle side animal clinic and $600 later she had ten stitches. Well than the dog ripped five of them out so I called ingle side animal hospital back and they said it would be another $450! I called az spay and neuter clinic just to see what they would charge and she quoted me ,"$125 if that". WAY better pricing here!!!
This clinic is the best! Friendly, affordable, and good at what they do.    Services our dog received there over a 2 year period: spay, vaccines, hernia surgery, glands squeezed, nails trimmed (and this is the ONLY place that can trim our dog's nails and keep her calm).    They are so honest and the value is great compared to the prices of other clinics - we shopped around and have been so happy here.
I had to get my dog her rabies shot. I walked in was immediately takin to a room. Fifteen minutes Later and only $18 I was done and walking out! Love this place
Just took our dog in to get his teeth cleaned and specifically asked them to call us before pulling any teeth and never heard from them all day. Went to pick our dog up to find out they pulled 3 and only told us 2 (including a front middle one)teeth with out our consent and put 4 teeth on the bill and added 70 dollars to our bill!!!! Very unprofessionaI want it to say they pulled 3 teeth, told us 2 His gums now have blisters. He gets his teeth cleaned each yr and teeth do not rot to the root in one .  And the previous vet never said his teeth were rotting. He is only 4 yrs old so this should not have happened!!  Especially with out a phone call!!!!
I have been going here for both my pups. I tell everyone to go here for fast friendly & affordable pet services.    I have saved so much $$ & time here! Check out their website for prices.     My younger pup had his big day to get neutered . We had to part ways for the day & I was very worried for him. But as I was leaving, one of the vet techs was cuddling him & I even saw him give him a little pup kiss! I didn't say anything but it relieved me that my little guy was going to  be just fine!     I suggest get there early, the front waiting room is small - and if other dogs are stressed out or barking it's a lot to handle early in the morning .. At least for me ( I'm half asleep till 11am) lol!    The clinic is very clean and  has warm feeling when you enter. I even suggested my friend to take her foster dog there! And one of the gals that work there adopted the pup!     Check out this place before purchasing expensive pup plans from other places- you will not be disappointed!
Would never go back and never recommend.  Just paid $542 at our regular vet today ( Friday ) to fix the bad neuter they did Monday. My poor dog was in so much pain. Never. Again.
I absolutely LOVE the Hillside Animal Hospital.  I am so glad I made the switch.  I cannot say enough good things about my experience. The staff was professional, friendly and most importantly they were so sweet to my dog.  The office is beautiful and the customer service is impeccable!  The doctor and vet tech were very knowledgeable.  I was also impressed with the follow up.  It just couldn't be any better!
Not only do I love the service and care my dogs receive at Hillside but my dogs love it too!  They treat each dog as if they were a member of their own family.  The front desk staff is always kind and professional.  The techs are WONDERFUL!  If you want the best for your pet, you have to go here.
Amazing staff and extremely talented doctors.  They really do treat eat pet as family.  We took all four of our dogs here while we lived in North Scottsdale.  It was a bit of a drive but so worth it for the exceptional care.
Hillside has been my vet for 8 years since moving from Dallas.  They treat my furry family as one of their own.  I had to put one my dogs to sleep a few years ago (congestive heart failure) and the vet cried with me the entire time.  As did the receptionist.  I just lost another my babies a few weeks ago and the technician Matt made her paw print in plaster for me and put a small red heart in the corner.  He knew I called her my heart that runs around on 4 legs.  The staff at Hillside are really family.    CEW
Ummm, this place is nicer than 95% of human doctors' offices. It doesn't smell like a veterinary office. When I have made an appointment with them, I have been seen on time. I have received phone calls after each visit to make sure my dogs are okay. They have  accommodated me with after hours requests for my dog's medicine. I am grateful to have found this place.
I have been taking my dogs to this clinic since 1999. They are the BEST  I've ever seen. The doctors and staff are caring and compassionate way above and beyond what is expected of them. I only wish our human physicians could be like this! I had a special needs dog due to bad breeding. We had so many heartbreaking issues with him but they always got him through it. At the end of his life, Dr. Lopez cried right along with us when we had to make the horrible decision to let him go. Our Taz  was just shy of his 13th birthday. I am thoroughly conviced the care that he got at Animal Clinic Del Rancho allowed us to have all of those years with him. It's not just me that loves this place. My dogs have loved going there so much, they literally drag me across the parking lot to get there.  I even take them there as part of their birthday present. Let the dogs speak for themselves!
Dr. Millman and her staff have been caring for my dogs for over 13 years now.  I have always found everyone at the practice to be kind, caring and considerate.  Dr. Millman and the other vets are highly competent and compassionate.  Would  recommend this veterinary practice without reservation.
The staff is amazing, never a let down the times I've been there. I recently brought over a sweet dog that was roaming my neighborhood aimlessly. The staff found the owner and kept him for the day with hopes that the owner was indeed going to come for him that evening. Great caring team!
Please be warned! This place wants your money! I brought my dog in after he after he ate a poisonous plant. It was fifteen minutes before they closed. The vet, older women, had a horrible bedside manner. My baby was throwing up blood. She told me they were closing soon, and after checking his heart rate and gums, charged me 40dollars are told me to go to an emergency animal clinic. I will be sure to tell everyone in the area and neighbors to stay away!
Took my dog in today for a skin issue. The vet went on and on about what it could be ad why it could be that and why it might not be something else. Then he wanted to do a $150 blood test. My dog is barely a year old and a Chinese Crested who are known for having sensitive skin. Why he wanted to do a full blood panel (besides the money) is beyond me. I declined that service but did take the oral antihistamines and topical stuff.      The support staff was excellent though and the receptionist was very personable.     I just wish I could find a vet that didn't treat their business like a car mechanic... banking on your ignorance to make money.     The office could use some sprucing up for sure.    Total bill was $155.00
I won't take my dog anywhere else!    Lola is a pretty unhealthy 3 year old Lhasa Apso. She was a rescue that came from a puppy mill and and an abusive master. I love her with all my heart but I swear you can look at her wrong and she'll fall deathly ill.     Last year I took her in when she was very sick and they diagnosed her with pyrometra. The doctor was so helpful and informative and even let me set up a payment plan because I couldn't afford the surgery up front.     By now they know her and her various issues. A few months back I took her in because she was starting to growl in the dark at the foot of my bed. They checked her for night blindness and her hearing then determined that she's just a grumpy old lady. They didn't charge me for the visit like most vets would have.     They've also been very good about keeping me from having to visit. Before I came here I would have to take Lola to the vet at least once a month, but now our visits are few and far between.     The receptionists and nurses are sweet as pie and made me feel very comfortable when I was bawling my eyes out waiting for my dogs surgery to be finished.     Alright so, in the end...I love it here
I have a small pack with two dachshunds and a boxer.  Dave and Ricks has amazing staff, they're great with the dogs.  The vet is a bit on the dry side when dealing with the humans, but he's a cupcake when it comes to handling the pups.  That's way more important to me.      When my middle child had surgery to remove a growth he even called me that night and later that week to check up on her.  They're thorough and really want to provide the best possible care.
Well, I ended up taking the dogs here after first moving to Phoenix because they took our pet insurance. What a mistake. After running a barrage of expensive tests on our one dog, she still couldn't figure out what was wrong. (Second vet diagnosed correctly immediately without tests and we haven't had problems since)    Oh, and don't even get me started on how she treats staff and paying customers... I think the reason why she couldn't diagnose our dog is she really didn't give a poot to take a proper history. She seemed like there were a million places she would rather be than trying to help our animal get better.     Aside from all of that, the part that bothered me the most was that in front of us, she managed to find time to berate the receptionist for a good 10 minutes while we were waiting to be seen and raked the vet assistant over the coals in the back area (while leaving the door open so we could hear) for another five for silly little things... I don't want to do business with people who treat employees like that. Ever! Unprofessional and useless.
this vet is terrible! my dog was clearly sick, the vet was extremely rude, was not forthcoming with information and was extremely rude when i asked questions. my dog is a family member,  when asking questions trying to understand what was going on for treatment and prognosis, she very sarcastically said "well i have been a vet for over a week now" and was extremely unhelpful. clearly, she works with animals because she has NO PEOPLE SKILLS! I WILL NEVER GO BACK TO THIS VET! AVOID THIS VET AT ALL COSTS! if i could have given 0 stars, i would have.
this is where the PrincessPrincess goes when she doesn't feel good!    i found this place by sheer open-the-phone-book-and-point luck, and have been going ever since. the docs are honest and helpful, and definitely care about their patients (and their patient's parents).    i particularly was happy with their customer service when i explained over the phone that my dog does not get along with other animals. they have a side door, so when i call, they usher all office pets and other patients out of the hall and lead her in to a room.    recently i called because my dog was around some pet chickens and   i was worried she had gotten fleas or mites or even could have gotten something from their... uh, feces... someone called me back in about an hour to let me know that i had nothing to worry about.    i've always been impressed by their staff and docs.
i've been going here for several years now, and i as long as i see dr. finch, i'm pretty happy. he's done one surgery on dozer (a minor laser procedure to remove a growth from her eyelid but did require anesthesia) and was very reassuring, informational and has a good dogside manner. just found out he'll probably be doing another surgery on her (much more major acl repair) and i'm totally comfortable having him do it.    i only update and drop a couple stars bc 1. i was prob a little too gracious on my first review (i was a new yelper with out a system yet) and 2. other friends talk about how much they LOVE their vets, but i don't have that kind of passion for this place. i keep trying to shop around, but put it off until all of the sudden, dozer needs help NOW, so i want to go somewhere she's got some history on their files.
i have to drop another star on this update and here's why. the major surgery i mentioned in my last update (ACL repair) turned out to be a tad on the extreme end of the treatment scale.     the way the diagnosis and treatment was presented to me was: surgery and rehabilitation (by a paid therapist, not on your own) -- end of story. and if you don't do the surgery, she will eventually blow out her other knee(s) because she not putting weight on the injured one. i was pressured to schedule tests to prep her for said surgery and the idea of surgery at all was just so nonchalant. in fact the dr said he's done this surgery on both of his own dogs and does these types of surgeries on dogs all the time and this injury is quite common. it was somehow alarmist and blase at the same time.    I dont' doubt that that is all true (including the possibility of injury to other knees), but a bit misleading in the way that this is a major, major surgery with major, major recovery time. Also, after doing my own research and finding out that this was 1. going to be anywhere from a $3k-$5k surgery, and 2. it's not at all as "absolutely necessary as i was led to believe, I felt this was not at all a good choice for such an aged dog.    so after researching it a bit on my own i felt a little upset about not being informed about the other ways you can treat this (your own rehab efforts, meds like phycox and hylox). only when i called to cancel dozer's follow up appt for tests to prep her for this surgery did Finch call back to recommend the "DIY" rehab tips. (And he does personally call back to check in on your pet after appts, new meds have been started, etc., which i think is great.)    In fact, I have always liked Dr. Finch, and i don't know that he's deserving of the other reviewer's remarks (come on: smelling of alcohol on the job? please. and his demeanor hardly seems capable of rude or rough) - he's not unprofessional or uncaring, and his manner is rather soothing, but i just feel that trust has been majorly broken.     not to mention at a previous appt before this whole ACL business he spent five minutes going on and on about this revolutionary new dog food that's great for joints (dozer also has bad hips) even though i kept interrupting him to say we weren't interested in it, all while staring at a huge poster ad for the food behind his head on the cabinet.    after these last two incidences, which have made me think back on still other minor ones, i feel that their priorities are a little out of order, and am now in the market for a new vet.
I was a little apprehensive about taking my dog here because no one else had reviewed and they were considerably cheaper than other hospitals for the surgery my dog required - while good for my wallet I was afraid that they would skip crucial steps. I was VERY pleasantly surprised by my experience!! My 5 month American bulldog had been in the emergency hospital all night because of a foreign body in his stomach and I was told he absolutely needed surgery. The animal hospital quoted me $2700, a price that I could not even begin to afford. I called around the next day, and when I called the Baseline animal clinic, I accidentally called the veterinarians cellphone! Instead of being angry, he let me explain the situation and informed me that while it was Friday and he was extremely busy, this was something that had to be taken care of and "if he didn't get a lunch that day, he didn't get a lunch." Immediately I felt like this was someone who cared! Then he told me that he wasn't even there yet and would call ahead and tell them I was coming in! When I brought Rommel in, he remembered talking to me from earlier and already knew the problem. He decided to xray before operating and wait it out. I had to leave and he kept Rommel x-raying him every 1/2 hour for 3 hours! They ended up not operating, and when I got my bill, he had only charged me $250 for something that should have been well over $700. Not only did he save my dog from being cut open, but he saved me thousands! I will never send anybody to anybody else! Dr. Finch and his staff gave me by far the best veterinary service that I or my puppy have ever had!
so I took my dog here 2 or 3 times for lumps that showed up on her because it was close to me and and they got good reviews however they were horrible they talked surgery to remove and even did a syringe to drain one and said that it wasn't infected with puss or anything just clear liquid and blood put her on a antibiotic and said well her white blood cell count is elevated but probably do to this lump then went back again for more lumps and they talked about surgery and removing them without doing any blood work oh and giving me shit about not fixing her long story short took her to s different vet and was diagnosed with valley fever now why would a vet not test for this right away since were in az and i even thought valley fever i had a friend that got nochels from it so if i had not taken her here i could have started treatment a lot sooner i would go somewhere else doctor ford at arizona animal wellness is great
We've taken our dog here for years and they've been great. They are all really friendly and the vets are knowledgable and patient. They get you in really quickly and don't overcharge or charge for unnecessary things. I would highly recommend them to anyone looking for a vet!
Today was my first visit with our dog, Calli. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful and so were the technicians. The appointment to get her rabies shot was quick, easy and reasonably priced. I'll definitely return for future shots and check ups.     There was also a really cute kitty sitting on the counter when we arrived!!!! :)
First, let me start off by saying that I am one of those people who is mildly obsessed with their animals...ok, completely obsessed. They are my kids and I take their health and well being very seriously. With that being said, I wouldn't trust them with any other vet.    I have taken multiple dogs (in fact I'm on my 5th boxer) to Dr. Finch and he has been such a blessing. He is always very compassionate and loving with them and he's extremely knowledgeable. Most importantly, he's very honest which was evident when I lost my female boxer a year ago. She was dying of cancer and even though I would have spent all my money and time getting her better, Dr. Finch explained that it would be very difficult for her (and I) to go through and would not be beneficial to her at this stage. This allowed her and I to have the best quality of life and enjoy our last moments together in peace. The staff is also extremely sweet and always very loving with our animals, not to mention that they themselves are all very knowledgeable. They have never pressured me and always give me plenty of options and suggestions on how to deal with any of the issues that arise.      We recently moved to north Phoenix and even though the drive is over 30 minutes each way for us, I don't care. I wont go anywhere else!
I have a five month pup. I first took her In because it was the nearest vet available and my baby needed her shots. As far as I see it. Each time you bring your dog it's an automatic check up. Which is a payment of $45 I'm not too sure how dog check ups go. But all the did was way her, check her ears and then put took her temperature from her bum. Which I could've done myself and reported it to them. Then on top of that her Doc keeps on trying to persuade me to get her spayed like it's something that's mandatory and feels like it's being thrown upon me. I recommended this place to my friend and I came with her. She needed her pup to get a check up and his nails cut. And they cut his nails where they bled... Not too badly though.
This is one of the best vet's I have been to since taking my dog in for examinations. They were attentive all the way through the process. I took my dog in for an echo-cardiogram the same day I called for an appointment. They were slightly cheaper than other vets that I called. Her primary vet is Banfield, but they did not have a regular cardiologist at their hospital. I went here just to get an echo done, but I walked away with a lot more. The vet took half an hour explaining her heart condition to me and even offered to do a teeth cleaning. This is something that Banfield and the AZ Humane Society refused to do because of her heart murmur. They identified the problem right away and said that it was because of an enlarged artery and plaque in her system. The vet also recommended not to renew Banfield's insurance plan because of their sketchy practices. The staff there loved my dog and I think I would feel very comfortable leaving her there for surgery. Excellent experience and I would go back in the near future.
Dr. Finch is the best! I have 7 pets and I bring them to Baseline Animal Clinic because they care and it shows, reasonable prices, never have to wait (no overbooking), and can actually talk to the doc when have a question. My dog Katja has a hematoma (blood blister) on the tip of her ear. Dr. Finch took the time to explain everything to me so my anxiety was calmed and I knew my dog would be okay. Allergies are bad this season and dogs are feeling them too hence higher incidences of hematomas. Dr. Finch doesn't rush you in and out, spends time with you and you can see how much he genuinely cares about animals and us, the pet parents. I recommend him and his team -- you won't be sorry.
I've been taking our dogs to Dr. Patty since moving to the valley in '98.  She's fantastic and so is all the staff at South Point Animal Clinic.  Dr. Patty is a very practical vet who really helps care for your pets as if they were her own.  I whole-heartedly recommend her.
We highly recommend Dr. Patty and her staff at South Point Animal Clinic.  We have taken Winston, our Welsh Terrier, to her for the last 5 years, along with our recently adopted Clementine (a mixed breed dog).   The staff is so attentive and caring.   They follow-up every call and visit to make sure everything is ok.    If we have a question or concern, we call and they advise us over the phone -- which I think demonstrates that they aren't in it to just make a buck.    I love Dr. Patty and wouldn't trade her for the world!
We have been going to South Point Animal Clinic for many years now and absolutely love brings our dogs to see Dr. Patty and her staff. The have got us through tough times with our dogs and the normal routine visits. We have recommended her to many other pet wonders & everyone has had the same experience. Anyone looking for a great Vet should seriously consider South Point Animal Clinic no matter where you live in the Valley!
We want the very best for our kids and this includes our furry child also. Eli is the best dog any family could own. When we adopted him at 6 months old he had been originally taken here by his previous owner so we decided to follow up with this office. SO GLAD WE DID! The prices are very competitive and the staff really care for your animals. I trusted them so much they were the ones to neuter him. Now that takes trust. Will continue to make the trip because of the great care my Eli has received.
When I first got my dog Kogi (My many default pics btw =D) I wasn't sure where to take him since he was my first puppy. So I did a google search and Glenn animal care was very close to me and Petsmart banfields hospital was some ridiculous prices.    Not saying I want to cheap out on health cuz I would go for the ends of the world for Kogi, but at the same time I rather go to a private practice that makes you feel more at home.     Dr. Umstead is very nice and its professional there, been going for 3 years now for both of my pups. They do cheap vaccine days too for the people on the budget twice a month.
I was referred to come here by my sister in-law. They loved the staff and service. We have been bring our 2 Akita mixes to Estrella for 4 years now (since our fuzzy kids) were pups. The fuzzy kids love the staff and have stayed in the boarding services too. They staff recognize the dogs every time we go and calls them by their names.  Also we were clients of their puppy training class.      They even took us in (just showing up), because my baby girl had a bump on her head.  They squeezed us in and took great care of my baby girl.
I have been taking my dog Lilly here for about a year now. I have been more than pleased with all the office staff. The Veterinarians are very knowledgable and compassionate. Keep in mind that this is not an emergency clinic. They do have a Vet on call but they are not open 24 hours a day. I have been nothing but satisfied with the service and care provided and would highly reccomend them as a care provider.
This place is amazing, especially our dogs' vet, Dr. Samoska! He is very knowledgeable, friendly, and patient. He would take his time to answer any questions we have. Most of the staffs there are also very friendly and knowledgeable. Banfield (Petsmart) offers various affordable discount plans that cover dental prophylaxis, comprehensive exams, etc. I highly recommend this pet hospital to others.
After my first poor experience, I called the vet who initially saw my pet Dr. Thomas. She would not give me a direct answer and told me she would write me an ongoing script for pain meds. I'm SO glad I went to another vet's office right down the street because that vet informed me your dog is REALLY sick. I would never ever set foot or recommend anyone who loves their animals like children to go here.
It took one visit and prescription food to determine my dog has food allergies.  Scoobie is no longer miserable with his scratching.  If only dogs could talk.  Thank you Dr. Winston.  5 paws for the doctor.
My dog has received excellent care at Sun City West, and so has my mom's dog, a Boston Terrier who can be aggressive and difficult to deal with. I always feel like both dogs are treated humanely, with the utmost care, and I get a thorough, easy to understand explanation of any treatments that are being done. Prices for vet care here are reasonable, and Dr. Winston goes out of his way not to do any unneeded procedures that would bring up the price.
Been taking my dogs here for 5 years! Dr Marsh is extremely passionate about my dogs, and has saved my labs life a couple times (she likes to ear rocks). My dogs get so excited when they get to take a car ride to see Dr Marsh! He is always on time and super friendly. Wouldnt trust any other doctor with my babies!
Like most pet owners and animal lovers finding a great vet is extremely important as well as pretty stressful. When I moved here from Texas I was dreading finding a new vet because I had a great one in Dallas. I took my dog Lilly to Dr. Marsh and couldn't be happier with the experience. The facility is always very clean and the staff is very knowledgeable and  friendly. They were great with Lilly and I could tell they actually cared and it wasn't just a job to them. Dr. Marsh was wonderful and I will be taking Lilly to him from now on.
Was recommended by a different vet that did not perform the services that my dog needed. Set up an appointment but they called me 3 days later to change it to be 15 minutes earlier. My first thought was, "is 15 minutes going to be that much of a difference?" Well apparently that's all they slot you for! A 15 minute session! They were supposed to do a urinary analysis and draw his blood in 15 minutes?! Just called on my way over because they failed to inform that the street they are on is under construction- dead stop for 3 miles. So I would either be right on time or 5 minutes late. Well that would cut into my 15 minute appointment. The receptionist asked me what I wanted her to do about it... Nothing lady I am going somewhere that actually gives their pet patients the time of day. I am now at a new vet that took their time seeing my fur baby and thank goodness for that!
Took our dog there after she fell and hurt herself. She was yelping and needed immediate attention. Took her in during operating hours and they said "the doctor is not staying late, we can't see her". This was after 10 years of taking our dogs to that clinic. Took her to another clinic, and she ended up being put down. Thank you Dr. Marsh! NO MORE! STAY AWAY PEOPLE!
Have taken my dogs to Dr. Marsh for over a decade and would never take them anywhere else.  Great Vet.
In less than 5 days, Roadrunner hospital has a loyal customer for life. I appreciate a vet that has later office hours so you can avoid going to the emergency vet clinic. They also showed a great deal of compassion when I had to put my pomeranian of 14 years down. Fast forward 5 days later and I am back with my 8 month old puppy. Parvo was the diagnosis and after an hour with the vet tech, my husband and I are trained and equipped to treat her at home.  She has since made a full recovery and I owe it all to them.  Thank you!
Worst vet I have ever Taken my dog to. Horrible service. These people are all about the money not about caring for a sick animal.  The actual vet I had didn't even know what was wrong with my dog and brought me out a $700 treatment plan.  I called my dogs old vet, petsvet in surprise, and they got my dog in and treated for less than 1/4 of the price. And they set me up w a cash discount and a payment plan as I was not able to afford The surgery. They were actually more worried about getting my dog back to good health then money.  I would never ever recommend this place to anyone.  These people don't care about the animals. Just$$$$$
Great staff who loves your pet as much as you do! Took one of my dogs to get vaccs two weeks ago, saw Dr. Pflaum, he's great with my happy hyper pup! Took my other dog in today for vaccs & she saw Dr. Coady, he is awesome! He noticed some tartar on my dog's teeth & I asked him if I should get a dental cleaning & he told me what I could do since it's not too bad yet. He told me if I do this, I'll never have to get a dental cleaning. I like honesty & help in saving $! The entire staff is great! There are a few ladies that work up front, all very nice, Becky is always a sweetheart! The prices are also very good! Exam fee just $10! Bordetella $10! Rabies $10 & DPP $20! I'd recommend them to anyone! Thanks Horizon!
HORRIBLE!   One of the WORST places I've ever been to in my life!!!!  Last week, I made an appointment to take my dog in because I thought he might have mites.  I told the woman when I made the appointment that I wanted to have a skin scraping to make sure.  I let her know that I was concerned about some of the negative reviews and she replied, "some of those reviews aren't even ours and people are just crazy, and there are people you can't please".  I walked in about 10 minutes early, signed in and then was taken to a room.  They told me the doctor would come soon.  I waited about 10-15 minutes.  Dr. Pflaum came into the room and asked what he could do for me.  I told him what I was there for.  He looked at me and told me that he thought my dog had mites without even touching my dog or looking closely.  He acted as if he didn't want to even touch my dog.  He then told me that he was extremely busy and couldn't do anything for me and that I would have to come back the next week.  I told him that I had driven clear across town to see them.  He said "oh, bless your heart".  He left the room, got on the phone and came back in to let me know that a dermatologist couldn't see me either.  WTH!  He said all of his bins were full and he just couldn't do anything! I told him that someone in his office should have told me that there were not going to be able to do anything.  That's why you make an appointment!!! I left and the woman at the desk didn't even look up or say sorry or anything! Total Joke!!  I ended up driving to the other end of town by my house and seeing another vet.  My dog DID NOT have mites!  He had a skin infection. This place is a joke!  Professional people don't make appointments and tell you they don't have time to do anything for you. Period!
This vet is fine for vaccinations. If you have a sick or injured pet, go anywhere else. My dog was seriously ill and rather than admit that he was incapable of treating the dog, he almost killed him. When released, my dog was worse than when he went in. He's better now with his new vet.   I have lived all over the valley and have never had a problem with a vet until here. He should not be in practice.   Please take your pet anywhere else! I wish I could give no stars!
Dr. Pflaum and staff have been seeing my animals for almost 10 years.  I've never had problems with the doctors.  I've had some issues with the staff over the years (missing records, lost checks, bad attitudes), but I've noticed an improvement in the past couple years.  Becky is wonderful! We board our dogs there at least once a year.  The price is very reasonable and now that my dogs are getting older, it is a comfort to know help is close by, if needed.  My only beef is they started charging an office visit fee (hence the 3 stars).  I realize it is common practice, but it has kept me from taking my dogs in as often as I should.
We are new to town. Took my lab in for booster shots. Overall seems like a nice office. The Vet didn't really talk too much. She just checked our dog out and gave her its shots. The dog was really comfortable with her and even wanted to lick her face. We will be taking out other dog there as well.
Wonderful docs and staff!  Very reasonably priced services.  Convenient and extended hours including weekends.    We brought our young dogs in when we first moved here 6 months ago for check ups and boosters.  All around nice office, friendly staff.  We felt comfortable bringing both dogs back for the low cost spay and neuter clinic.  They took both dogs in at the same time, explained each procedure (we have one of each) and thoroughly explained all the after-surgery care for both of them.  We got a call from Dr Vanderwalt as soon as they were both out of surgery and awake letting us know things went very well.  We also got a call a couple days post surgery checking up - that was nice.  Both dogs recovered very well with no problems.    I didn't realize the office also has boarding services.  We went out of town overnight and brought the dogs here early on a Friday morning and picked them up just before closing on Saturday.  I was impressed at the reasonable cost for this - it was only $34 total for both dogs!  We also received a call the next day to make sure everything was good with the dogs after boarding.  I've never had a boarding facility do follow-up calls, that was great.    I love that they are a full-service office serving all your dogs needs and have after hours emergency services there as well.  In my previous experience with other dogs, I've had to call an emergency hospital instead of my regular vet.  I hope to not have to use this service, but I feel good knowing it's there.
Anna, one of the Vet Techs, came in to visit my dog during his most recent visit. She had cared for him while he was in the hospital several months ago. My dog treated her the way he only has ever interacted with me. He knew that she had been so kind and caring while saving his life. It turned out that she would sit in his cage with him trying to get him to eat.   To see my dog act this way brings tears  to my eyes to think that this woman treated him the way I treat him. To Dr. Vanderwalt, Anna, and all the staff, my heartfelt and deepest gratitude for the care you provided and continue to provide.
I had the most horrible experience with these people . My 3.6 pound chihuahua had diarrhea one morning just a little bit then it turned to blood, so i took him to henderson animal "hospital" at 2:40 that same day. We took him in the room and the female doctor told us our dog had hemorrhagic gastroenteritis and she would need to monitor him overnight or we could take him home and deal with it at home. We asked her which way would be better and she said for him to stay at the "hospital" overnight would be better because they would monitor his blood pressure and all other types of things because he could go into shock because they bleed out a lot of blood from there butt. She then brought out a bill and explained all the treatments they would do, and how he would be fine in 2 to 3 days, and told me to sign the paper so i did. So i left my 4 year old chihuahua with her, and went home. At 8 in the morning me and my husband get a call saying you need to rush here popeye has turned to the worst. We get there and he is laying here and they are blowing oxygen into him, I'm crying going crazy and my husband looks at the monitor and my dog has no heartbeat. They were blowing air into my poor babes dead body pretending he was still alive. My dog died in the night with NO ONE AT THE HOSPITAL!!! They never told me VERBALLY nobody was going to be there in the night and if your dog dies he dies. THEY ARE SNEAKY. With my dog having hemorrhagic gastroenteritis he was suppost to be monitored over night because they bleed out so much and can go into the shock and need someone to be there to help them. These people didn't do because they were closed and doesn't keep anyone there to monitor the animals in the night! They have no one there if your dog needs help! This is not a real hospital. This is a day time clinic that cannot help your animals if they need help! They lied to me and pretended my baby was going to be watch and he wasn't from 7 at night till 8 in the morning! He would have been better off with me at home, at least then i could take him to someone who could help him, but no, they BOARD my sick tiny baby, and left him there to die in a cage full of his own blood ALONE!! my baby had to die alone! The other vets  said they should have sent us to a real 24 hour clinic to monitor my baby during the night. But this hospital cares to much about money to send someone away from there door, they would rather the animal die in the night by themselves then get the real help they need!!!!!!!
I've been taking my dogs here for checkups for a few years now and the staff is always pleasant and friendly.  We usually don't have to wait long which is nice considering they take walk ins.  When my dog decided to relieve himself in the exam room, they didn't even blink an eye and rushed in with cleaners to tidy up and were laughing and teasing my dog about it.    I did take my dogs to the groomers (in the same office) once for a nail trim ($5 cheaper than having the vet do it).  The dogs are groomed in a big room which also houses the dogs that are waiting in kennels or have been washed (and are being dried with one of those big noisy dryers that hooks to the cage).  I thought my poor puppy was going to have a cardiac arrest when we went in there, as if getting his nails trimmed doesn't stress him out enough.  The groomer was way too rough with him.  Wouldn't recommend visiting the groomer but the vet is a-okay in my book.
I can't recall ever taking my childhood pets to the vet so this is a new experience for me.      Vets: I have encountered four Dr. St. John, Dr. Randy, Dr. Robert, and someone else.  Dr. Robert was very nice and he took care of my Kylie when she was spayed.  I think he did a great job.  I believe he took over for Dr. St. John who did Kylie's intake.  She had previously been bitten by the dog before us.  She was great and gave us, I believe, the same amount of attention even though she still had blood coming from her bite.  Probably not the most hygenic, but still, I appreciate the effort!    Dr. Randy, I had an issue with him.  I'm sure he was well meaning, however when he gave Kylie her third set of shots, she yelped like crazy (no pun intended) and he scratched the injection site because he thought she was itching, and then she went crazier! Stressful for everyone involved =/    Staff: The staff is pretty good here.  Our first dog came out of grooming and peed from the excitement.  They were on it like white on rice. One thing that I was a little frustrated about is that I called to board my dog for the day and still needed to wait to be seen by the vet.  I suppose it would have been okay had I not been already late for class.  The second day I boarded her (a week later) they couldn't find Kylie's chart which again, stressed me out because I had a class to get to.    Boarding: I'm a little unsure about.  I didn't get a chance to see what that part of the facilities looked like or where exactly they were walking my dog.  When I came to pick her up they were unsure about the last time she was walked.  When we got home, my dog peed right away like she hadn't gone in forever (this was 2 hours after they said she had gone out) and my dog was pulling to poo as well.  I don't know how long they give the dog time to pee and poo or what but it was very frustrating to know that my dog probably didn't poo all day.
I have a few dogs, I know this place well.  My weiner dog Cooper was attacked by a bigger dog and almost killed. He diddn't walk for a couple of weeks.  He stayed with the staff for almost 2 weeks, one weekend Dr Fuentez took him home to try swimming.  It worked Cooper is hopping and running today 2 years later.  Dr Augenstein and Winn have been there for years and are supper cool. Front Desk staff are always working hard to keep things going smooth.  I don't want to leave out Dr Bennet or St John very good too.  Thanks to the whole staff.
The staff was super friendly and we loved our vet!! We have an American Bulldog who has had allergies, ear infections, and skin problems since she was a pup. We've been in and out of vets and no one could ever solve the problem... the vet we had took about a 1/2 an hour to talk with us and find a solution (not the usual experience at other vets) and she had extensive training in dermatology for dogs. We will be back and our dog is very happy, thanks to VCA!
This is the only vet I have taken my dog to so I really have nothing to compare them to.  They have always been great with my dog and there has never been any problems.  This is a walk in clinic and I have never had to wait for more than 10 minutes.  I am confident in the doctors and the receptionists are always very polite and helpful.  Dr. Fuentes is the doctor I have seen the most and he seems like he knows what he's doing and that he cares about the animals.
Dr. Fuentes is so good with my dogs, he took his time with them, was not rushed at all. You can tell he really cares for the animals. The staff there was nice and anything I needed they got right on top of it. Dr. Fuentes answered all my questions. Can't say enough good things about Dr. Fuentes.
Shout out to this place and their staff.    We adopted a puppy yesterday from there.  They saved the whole litter of 5 from being euthanized in a California animal shelter. They vaccinated,  neutered,  and microchipped them and sold them for $40.     The staff was very professional, personable, and really made us feel at home.    We had the honor of making one of them a member of our family.     This place will have our business for life.
I was referred by a friend to Sunrise Vet Clinic. The clinic is in a bad neighborhood and the building is run down. I have been multiple times and never saw Dr. Henderson. I have always been pleased by the service of the other Vets in the office.       After dealing with Dr. Henderson we will never go back again. He never listened to what I told him about my dogs. I told the Dr. Henderson multiple times one of my dogs was abused and may bite if you do not let him sniff you first, and to not come up from behind him.  Due to his horrible bedside manner and lack of listening skills my dog snapped at Dr. Henderson when he came up from behind my dog and grabbed him by the mouth.  Dr. Henderson called him a bad dog and walked out of the room. Not only did I warn Dr. Henderson, but this is notated all over my dog's chart that he may bite if nervous. My dog has never done this with any other vet in the office because they take the time the time to let him warm up to them.
I will never go here again! I took our family dog here to get put down because she had cancer. When we walked in, the guy at the front asked what we were in for. After I told him, he asked if we had arrangements after the dog was put down. We already had a place who was going to come pick up our dog and take her to be cremated. I asked if he had spoken to them, he got an attitude and replied, "We have our own place that we deal with so no. You have to make those arrangements before you get here. Do you even KNOW your arrangements? Are they getting her today or is she just going to sit here?" I was in awe. I told him hold on and I'll deal with it. I was pissed! There was no reason for the attitude. He was just annoyed because he actually had to work and couldn't sit on his cell phone like he was the entire time.    When I took her in the room the doctor was very brief. Didn't ask or talk much at all. He only told me what they were going to do. He have her a shot then left. My dog started to freak out & it scared me! The doctor came back with a woman and put my dog on the table to finally put her down. When he was giving her the shot, he said "Kiss her goodbye because she is about to die."    The guy at the desk told me he talked to the pet cemetery & told me they were on the way. After she was put down, he then told me they closed & that they would be there the next day or Monday!!! This was last Thursday. We just got her back from being cremated.     Worst experience ever.  The guy at the front was a TOTAL jerk. He sat on his cell phone with his feet up on the desk the entire time. When I called, they told me one price but when I got there it was completely different! If my dog wasn't in complete misery, I would've taken her somewhere else! After they put my dog down, they walked out and I could hear them all talking and laughing. No respect whatsoever. I will NEVER recommend this place! Rude staff, careless vet. You can tell they don't love their jobs like most vets! The place was very cheap looking and run down. I feel so terrible for taking my poor dog here!
I've adopted 4 animals from this shelter and every single experience was wonderful.  This shelter strives to join every animal it has up for adoption with an appropriate family.  They don't euthanize unless it's necessary for sick, suffering or violent animals.  They screen adopters and make sure they can take care of the specific animal they want to adopt.  (For large dogs, you need to have a big enough house/yard for them to romp in.)  They spay/neuter all the animals that come through their facility and offer microchipping.  Every worker I ever encountered was helpful and happy and cared for the animals.  After all of this, adoption fees are ridiculously low.  They're practically giving these wonderful animals away.
This is the animal shelter should be the nation's example for how to run an effecting animal shelter. The staff really cares about the animals, so much so that they actually screen potential adopters. They only euthanize if it is absolutely necessary and only in the most humane circumstances. The shelter is clean and well kept, and even though it is so disheartening to walk through, the people here make it feel like home as best they can for the animals. I am going back next week to (hopefully) finalize a puppy, and can only remind people that this is the way to go for adopting a new friend. Why spend the money on a puppy mill pup, when the money can go to giving your new mut all the love and toys in the world!
I adopted my puppy here over a year and a half ago, and it was the best decision I ever made. The shelter was great in assisting me with the dog. They'll give you a list of vets where you can get a free initial checkup for your dog. The dog will be spayed and have all its shots before you adopt it. You're also welcome to bring your dog back if there are any problems. My dog did have kennel cough, but my vet gave me antibiotics and she was fine after a couple weeks of TLC. There are so many beautiful dogs to adopt here, including HUSKIES, german shepherds, and other animals. Don't buy dogs...adopt!
At first glance it looks like a prison. It just gave me the creeps. But it's really big. And i went through every room and looked at all the dogs and fell in love with one who just got there this little..austrailian shepherd named Dixie who... was in good shape, they had given her all her shots already checked her out and was ready to go. So with a donation to get a leash and toys and some paperwork later, she is no longer a pet pound doggie!
It is so sad to see all of the animals that need homes. Methinks they are doing their best over at the Animal Foundation.    In1996 we adopted a chow mix pup who lived until last week ... that's 14.5 years of unconditional love    in 1997 we adopted an akita mix pup who lived until last year ... that's 13 years of unconditional love    Last year we adopted a shepard mix pup and a mixed pup that seems like a jack russel and pit.     We are lucky to have had 4 loyal and very lovable dogs who give love and guard the house.
I got my furball here back in April 2009 (said furball is in my main photo) after spending months searching for a lhasa apso or lhasa apso mix. I appreciated the website set-up and when I went to the shelter, I really appreciated how it was set up.  This was a major change from back in 2002 when I first visited this shelter when I went in to attempt at volunteering.  Back in 2002, there was no way I could even consider volunteering, and in fact, I left crying my eyes out.  When I adopted my dog back in April 2009, it was a completely different situation, and that situation was awesome.  Only thing that knocks off a star on this place is that it is, unfortunately though humanely, a kill-shelter.
Woof!    This place is totally the most quality place I have gone to for dogs.      a.  Parking - Plenty  b.  Hospital - Next door  c.  Cleanliness - Wow, spectacular  d.  set up - Must be about 18 small metal buildings where you walk on both sides to view all the dogs. You move from building to building and all seem so clean and nice.  e/  Staff - Plenty of staff outside on nice days under pop up canopies to handle your adoption process.    This place, is really nice, especially when you compare it to Dewey. While Dewey is great as it is a no kill shelter, it does not compare to Lied Animal foundation when it comes to cleanliness and organization.    GK says get your next do here!
I'm originally from Los Angeles and each shelter I had ever been to there was in AWFUL condition. The Animal Foundation was the total opposite. It was so clean and organized I almost forgot I was at an animal shelter.      Unfortunately they are a kill shelter, but they really do seem to try. The dog I adopted had been there almost 6-weeks. That's a long time for a shelter to keep a stray dog. The girl there told me they kept renewing his "re-evaluation date" because he was so sweet. And I am sooooo glad they did, cuz he is pretty much the perfect dog. Really he is, just look at him  :-)      If you are thinking about getting a new pet you should at least give The Animal Foundation a shot.   You could save a life !!!!!
This place at first was upsetting. My son left my door open and our dog ran away. When we looked online and found her at animal foundation. All the kids were happy to go get her. When we got to this place the staff was cold and insensitive. The lady at the counter must have said 8 times how they would euthanize our dog if we did not get her out soon. Our dog is 14 yr old and they wanted to spade her. We told them she was to old and would hurt her. The lady at the counter again quoted me policies and then showed paper work . As she said ITS THE LAW..my kids were freaked out so we left. Oh they wanted $200 to get her out. We came back next day and the vet and counter guy were very kind. We ask for vet to look at her again to they would not spade her and she agreed. Still paid 150 but our dog is priceless.
Clean facilities, they appeared to take great care of the dogs, the process was easy and efficient in adopting a dog.  Adopt a pet now~so many dogs need good homes!
The first time I was looking to get a dog I initially went to the humane societies near my place in the south west and was told by a lady working there that if I was serious adopting I should consider the animal foundation specifically because they are a kill shelter so I could go down there and potentially save a life.    I've been there many times since then and always found the facilities clean and the volunteers/workers friendly and knowledgeable.  They really want to find homes for the animals, the dogs that are in danger of being put down have extra signs on their kennels pleading with visitors to save them.  I think they try to work with what they have and do the best they can.    That said both of my dogs are from animal foundation and they are the best dogs.  i wish I could take them all home!  For the adoption fee you get a your animal spayed/neutered, micro-chipped, shots, and a free visit to the vet.  My first dog had an ear infection which they were very upfront about and it was nothing major.  When it came time to get a second dog they were very helpful about finding the right personality to go along with first girl.    I highly recommend this place if you're thinking of a new addition to your family.
We just adopted a dog from Animal Foundation last night, Glory (now Zoey). The volunteers were very helpful and patient with us, and stayed past closing time to let us choose the right dog for us. It makes me so sad how many dogs are here and who need homes - I wish I could take them all.   I can't give this place 5 stars because they aren't a no-kill shelter. The volunteer did tell me though that they don't put the animals down unless they have health or behavioral issues. I am not sure if this is true or if he was just saying this to make me feel better! Either way, the facility was clean and the adoption process was easy. We even have a free vet visit from VCA. I would return again, and I suggest you check this place out before going elsewhere and ESPECIALLY before getting a puppy. There are puppies and purebreds of all kinds here who desperately need homes!
I really have mixed feelings about this place. I first off would like to give a HUGE thank you to the volunteers who take the time to actually help out here. But sadly I don't think I will come back. You can never get a hold of anyone on the phone, you have to leave a message and hope they get back to you. I had to leave 3 messages to finally get a phone call back. My dog was spayed here and it was not very clean inside. She was very heavily drugged and the icing on the cake was my poor dog caught kennel cough while she was there. The price for her spay was good but I should have taken her to a Vet and paid a little more but without kennel cough, without the cost of an extra vet exam, without the cost of antibiotics and without my dogs pain she had to go through.
WHAT A JOKE!!!! I would give no stars if i could..I took my very sick dog here last week to be humanely euthanized. Cried my eyes out all week for having to make that decision for my baby girl. Come to find out she is now at Second Chance Animal Shelter and up for adoption!!! I trusted them to take good care of my girl while she was in the back room being put down..maybe that's why they don't let you stay in the room with your pet during the process,  BECAUSE THEY DON'T DO IT!!!! I'm waiting for this shelter to open so I can go pick my baby back up and I will NOT be paying to do so. DO NOT TRUST THIS PLACE!!!!!!
this place is kinda bittersweet, the facility seems fine for the dogs but customer service is so low, it's frustrating
I recently started fostering for Animal Foundation. I also fell in love with the puppy I fostered and ended up adopting her.The  foster coordinator, adoption counselors, all of the volunteers I have encountered were very nice to me as well as the animals there. I hope to keep fostering, and make a difference one life at a time. When thinking of getting a pet, I would recommend Animal Foundation for their great facility, and wide variety of animals you can choose from.
I do not know how to feel about The Animal Foundation. I have adopted great dogs from here, and love going to see the animals.     However, earlier this week we sadly had to put our old golden retriever down. It was a very emotional day and we chose to individually cremate her and keep the ashes. Today we got a call saying they mis-tagged her and she was cremated with a group of animals and her ashes were spread mixed with the other animals. I just do not understand how they could be so careless with our pet- the staff of all people should understand that pets are family members.     They did fully refund us and they were kind about it, but that does nothing for the fact that we made the decision to keep her ashes, and she was just discarded. It breaks my heart thinking that she was just piled up with other animals and not given a proper goodbye.
I live the animal foundation, the website is user friendly with hourly updates. I have adopted 2 dogs so far in the past 6 years tonight I will be on my third dog. I will only give my money to the animal fondation and not c.l.!
Now that I know that they kill 61% if the animals who come here, I am even more thankful that I found my dog and saved her from the needle. I give them 3 stars only because I don't want to deter others from adopting...the animals here need it the most, as they have the least chance at life. That being said, their policy of euthanizing older dogs and any dog with a minor health problem is wrong and disturbing.
Adopted a dog a little over a week ago and couldn't have had a better experience. I had hoped to find a dog here as I know the ones that don't find a forever family won't make it out alive. It's unfortunate that the shelter gets a bad reputation for being a kill shelter. It is not their fault that there are so many irresponsible owners and backyard breeders here in Vegas. We adopted the most amazing little dog! The staff was friendly and knowledgable. They explained all paperwork and known history of the dog as best they could. The cost to adopt probably hardly covers the costs of boarding these animals...food, shots, spay/neuter, etc. you also get a free wellness exam from a local VCA animal hospital if you schedule the appointment within five days of adopting. I hope people choose adoption...save a life!!
I take my dogs here to get their shots! It's close to home and the prices are great! I also brought one of pets to get spayed and they did amazing job and didn't take long either! They were also very quick at taking care of business! I always recommend this place to friends that need to get their pets vaccinated, the staff is also very friendly which is a definite plus! I've never adopted here but I think their prices are reasonable!
Ok so first let me say I hate everything the animal foundation is doing with raffling off the arson dogs. That shit is terrible.  BUT that aside, I am very impressed with this shelter. By far the cleanest shelter I have ever been to. I came to pretend I was adopting a dog just so I could let some out to play. They have little play pen areas which is awesome! Gives you a chance to play and get a feel for the dog. Also, the staff was VERY helpful! I also love the fact that they have so many volunteers. Every one of the dogs here gets to go for a walk every single day. That is awesome.. I also think that $105 for an adoption fee is extremely reasonable considering it includes all spay and neuter costs, shots, and a microchip. I would recommend this shelter. ADOPT, DONT SHOP!
Never ever again will I deal with Animal Foundation unless it's to save a poor defenseless animal from death.    I brought in a dog that my fianc and I found wandering around the neighborhood. We couldn't keep him since we already had three dogs, so we decided to take him to Lied (animal foundation) shelter. I was already a wreck having to turn over this dog, but at that point had no other choice. I asked when we got there the procedure for lost pets. The guy told me they hold the animal for three days for owner claim. If the owner doesn't come, he will get a behavior analysis. If he passes he will be put up for adoption, if he doesn't pass we will try to find a rescue to take him. If no rescue wants him, then he will be put down. But if you leave your information we will call you to see if you want the dog. Ok, cool. I know my fianc said no more dogs, but he said if it's up to another dog, or death, then I guess we shall have dog #4. The guy then have me a card with the dogs intake number, and a phone number where I could call and check on him.    Flash forward to Saturday, I call to check his status. I left a message. No call back. I called Sunday, no call back. I called Monday, no call back. I called on Wednesday, and finally after two hours I get a call back. The manager couldn't find the dog by his number. I give her my fiancs info, and she finds the dog, and tells me he was put down, because he didn't pass his medical. She stated there was something wrong with his teeth. His teeth? The intake manager told me he had a tooth disease, which is why he failed his medical exam. She claimed they reached out to several rescues, (I call bull crap) and all of them rejected him, so they had to put him down. I brought him in Thursday.  I had been calling about him since Saturday.  They finally called me back Wednesday.  He was put down Monday. I asked her why no one bothered to call my fianc. I said we would have taken him! She said oh someone should have called you to let you know the situation,  and see if you wanted him. She told me that if we had wanted to adopt him, they would have had the medical problem fixed. She showed no remorse, no heart. This was a life, and the basic answer I got was a "we dropped the ball."    If there was a negative any stars I would leave them.  They are horrible animal killers.  If you find any kind of animal and you have even half a heart,  do not drop them off here.
Clean shelter. Affordable vaccinations. Friendly staff. Quick service. And I love volunteering and walking dogs when I have a chance. One of the best shelters in the world. I would recommend to anyone who wants to adopt new pets, vaccinate, and spay or neuter current pets. You can even get a tour of the place. Really cool and caring staff. Thanks for everything Animal Foundation.
We adopted our new best friend Bear at the Animal Foundation. We had been keeping an eye out for a little while through the website and we were determined to get a rescue dog. I really liked how clean the shelter was and how relatively simple the process was to meet the dogs. There are a bunch of air conditioned kennels for you to walk through and meet the animals. There is an overwhelming amount of dogs there, you're bound to meet someone you'll want to adopt. We spoke to one of the volunteers there and they allowed us to walk around with Bear  and spend some time with him to see how we got along. They took care of microchipping, vaccinating and neuturing, all there. We brought him home and could not be happier. He's a great little guy and we're so happy to be able to give him a nice home. Thanks Animal Foundation!
Loved the vet!  He was very nice and thorough and explained and showed me exactly what was wrong with my dog.  Which is not easy since i have a 160 pound cry baby Newfoundland.  Who had a VERY bad ear infection.  All cleared up and now i have drops for when he swims!
I love Dr. B! After years of looking for a good vet, I finally found one. He was referred to us by one of my mom's clients who breeds Malteses so I had high hopes. Dr. B more than exceeded my expectations. I love that it's not some big animal hospital where I meet with a different vet each time. I've been bringing Marley to him for vaccinations, teeth cleanings & regular check-ups for years now. There have been two different times I've brought Marley in with unexplained issues. The first time I was worried he had broken a leg but as soon as he got to the vets office, he was fine. Dr. B assured me it was most likely a bruise & to keep an eye on him, if it persisted then he would recommend an x-ray but luckily it wasn't necessary. He's extremely conservative, where other vets will just do the x-ray to make more $$$. The 2nd time I brought him in, he had been limping but the leg he was limping on was constantly changing. He was having his teeth cleaned that day & Dr. B said he would do some blood work & see what he found. I was heartbroken when he gave me the diagnosis...his liver enzymes were elevated & he would need to take supplements daily & be on prescription dog food. It turned out to be not nearly as bad I as expected. Since we changed his diet, Marley went back to being his happy, energetic & healthy self again! Dr. B's staff has been very helpful in getting approvals & faxing paperwork to Petsmart so that I can purchase his dog food there, which is much more convenient for me then driving to his office every time I run out. I am beyond grateful for Dr. B & that he was able to fix Marley!!!
This has been my current vet I have brought Drama (My dog )  here twice ... The staff and Dr. are always nice and helpful .. They even called to follow up on his treatment. also i usually call on short notice and even when they are busy they seem to get me right in !!  I will be going back here in the future
Our Malinois had a hematoma in his ear, fairly common, and needed to have it drained, stitched, etc. Dr. Williams removed the hematoma, did a fantastic job, and the ear healed beautifully.    However, about a week later the hematoma started to resurface and was back to it's original pre-surgery state. We brought our dog back in and Doc Williams and crew performed the surgery for the 2nd time without charging us a dime!    Amazing customer service and people who truly care about their customers, clients and their pets. We'll be bringing all of our pets to SW Animal Hospital from here on out.
Friendly staff.  I brought my argyle in for a consultation for his cherry eye (third eyelid). They did itemize the cost for the procedure, but they didn't explain the procedure to me. Luckily I did research the procedure after our appointment and it seemed clear enough. They did charge me $40 which I felt was a bit steep, but I decided to book the procedure. My dog came back a bit groggy,  which is to be expected. They went over the instructions for the post op and were very nice. For the follow up appointment,  they looked at him and said he was good...did I mention another $40 for 5 minutes. Sigh.    So, as for the four stars. The people were nice to my dog and I and they me gave a detail account of charges. My dog looked better after surgery. But the follow up charge and consultation charge was too much in my opinion. Thus losing a star.
The whole staff from reception to the doctors are most excellent. I actually think my dog likes going there.
Doc Yach = My hero.    The staff at West Flamingo Animal Hospital has been taking care of my family pets for 20 years.     It all started when my family dog, Flap, swallowed a thumb tact when he was just a puppy. We rushed him to West Flamingo and they took the best care of him. Then, to make sure that he didn't remember going to the vet as a traumatic experience, encouraged us to bring him back a few times just to play with the staff. This turned Flap into a NUT for the vet - he could just not WAIT to get there.     That was case #1. Case #2 has to do with my current dog, Sir Gordon Snacks A Lot. A few months ago, Gordon got really sick and we could not figure out what was wrong. I, of course, took him straight to West Flamingo. Doc Yach was off but I was left in the very capable hands of Dr. Miller. She was an absolute SAINT. We took x-rays, we sat with him, we talked, we considered our options and finally decided they had to do exploratory surgery after four days of him being there. She was incredibly supportive and I knew that my puppy, who was not even 2 at the time, was under the best care in all of Vegas - and I'd feel safe to say - the west coast.    What really puts them over the top is their care and compassion for the animals. When Gordon was there sick, he happened to be in the local paper that week. One of the technicians had come across his photo, cut it out and hung it in his kennel for him.     WARMED MY HEART.    Pets are family and this is a group of professionals that I trust their lives with. I cannot recommend Doc Yach, Dr. Miller and the rest of the staff enough.     And I thank them from the bottom of my heart.
This review is for the grooming service.    Asked the groomer to do a complete shave, short everywhere. My dog's entire face and neck are still covered in fur. She looks terrible! Basically I paid $55 for a half-done job. Teresa didn't even trim my dog's nails.    They refused to book an appointment for the mistake to be corrected. The girl said that the groomers were separate from the hospital. Weird part is that I originally booked the groomers through the hospital. She said I should just wait for the groomers to call when they had a slot open.    My poor dog. Poor wallet too.
We trust our dogs being treated here. Very knowledgeable and friendly staff.
I have taken my two dogs here for years and love them! They are reasonably priced and care so much for the dogs. One of my dogs had a horrible back issue. They gave me some options and told me the risks. Surgery was expensive and not a good chance of improvement. The dog was in such pain. They suggested some isolation and kept her for a week. The bill was amazingly small! After that we did acupuncture for several weeks and treated with some steroids. Little by little she improved and by six months out was good as new! She loved her doggy acupuncture. i was skeptical but the proof was in the pudding. It has been at least 3 years since her back has done anything to hurt her. I bet my out of pocket for the whole treatment plan was under 500 dollars as opposed to a several thousand dollar surgery that was 50/50! The staff are always friendly and helpful. Not once have I felt like they were not devoting their time and attention to my dogs or my appointments.  I am here to stay and so are my Schipperkes Jack and Katie!
I cannot say enough about the wonderful vets and staff at West Flamingo Animal Hospital.  I moved here with my then 13 year old dog and got terrible treatment at another vet clinic that almost cost my dog her life.  Thankfully I found West Flamingo and they looked after her health for the last 4 years of her life.  When it came time to put my baby to sleep, they were so amazing with her and us.    Now I have two new little dogs that are one and two and I wouldn't think of taking them anywhere other than West Flamingo, even though we no longer live close to that area.  It's worth a drive to go somewhere that you can tell the people are in the business because they genuinely love pets.
Great animal clinic. Not the most affordable for sure. Actually they are kind of expensive. Probably more expensive than most. However, the staff is phenomenal and have taken GREAT care if my dog. They truly care and he is happy and excited every time we go.     We have works with 3 doctors and 2 have done procedures. They have all been great. Dr. Gross and Dr. Miller are wonderful. Dr. Billings key has been very nice in consultations where our other doctors were not available. I would recommend this clinic.     On another note my dog needed prescription dog food. It was cheaper to buy the dog food from this clinic than it was from Petsmart. Also, the pill pockets were less here than at petsmart.
Dr. Billingsly has been my dogs vet for many years.  She is a kind and gentle person with a rocking sense of humor... I think the dogs get the fact that she's just a cool person.  My previous dog - a maltipoo named Sadie - lived a happy life to 18 years.  When it was her time to go, the office at West Flamingo sent me the loveliest card with real sentiment about knowing her all those years. Now that Goldie - another maltipoo - is with us, she gets great care at West Flamingo Animal Hospital.  We kennel our animals when we go out of town and I've never had any problems.  In fact, they seem happier and healthier than when I dropped them off!
So we had to take our Jack Russell in for a late night anal expression. The vet tech was like the sensei of dog whispers. He took our dog into the back without a bark from our little guy. 5 minutes later our dog came back to the waiting room with a smile on his face and his butt smelling like new car. This office turned a service into an experience. I highly recommend this animal hospital for your pet.
The grooming service here has been terrible twice. Our first groom was great but after that, the groomer completely disregarded what we asked for and chose their own haircut. Our puppy came home looking like an ant eater with a full body of hair and a completely shaved snout, head, and ears. The groomers here are untrained and unprofessional. We should have never paid for the cut and I would never take any pet here for grooming EVER again.
Still rocking 5 stars as all three of my dogs get treated quite well here. I got a pup recently and she ended up having a congenital problem called Mega Esophagus. (ME). I have learned that many people who have dogs with this never get good vet help because so many are really unaware of how to treat it. I had never heard of it. But Docs here knew immediately upon presentation. When I have to take her in, they do ALL the stuff you need to  feed and care for this dog.  This vet has never let me down no matter which doc is working or available. There is only ONE annoying person who works there...a young woman who always makes comments about my dogs being barky when they are kenneled or when they have gotten better after some procedure. She clearly does not like her job and I wish she would get a different one so the cloud she creates would be gone!
Took our dog there today. Her tail wasn't feeling itself. Dr Haggard was most helpful in diagnosing it. She was very friendly with our dog. And the staff there was very friendly. Would recommend to anyone in need of a vet. Especially with so many to choose from in Vegas.
And one star is one too many.     I am absolutely appalled by this place.  My little sister brought her dog of 13 long years in to be humanely euthanized Wednesday night as he was struggling through the last night of his life.  What did West Flamingo do?  They told her to take him back home.  It was "too late for euthanasia".  Max spent the next 12 hours suffering while his best friend stayed awake with him until a more convenient hour came around and they would finally put the old man to rest.    Sorry, west flamingo, that Max chose a bad time for you to die.  Good thing he stuck it out until 'til morning for you to collect $$$ after the horrific night you put him through, though.      Disgusted.  Absolutely disgusted.    Every single person I know who has a pet will hear this story.
Three stars for the very profit-oriented medical care.    Five stars for Tish.  She's the best groomer my bichon has ever met.  She's gentle and nice and my dog really loves her.
I have been taking my 3 min pins here for over 10 years. Dr Mark used to give their care, he has since left, but the new Vets are just as great. We had a very big scare last year with my ten yr old Brownie. LakeView recommended a great specialist facility and continued to call every couple of days to check in on his condition (over and above caring team there!). He recovered fully, by the way.  We used their boarding facility last year (the first time my dogs have ever been boarded). My dogs have never been kenneled, so they gave extra walks & let them be in rooms the 3 of them together to limit the separation anxiety they had.  We have never waited to get into a room, the facility is always clean. They have NEVER pushed any product or service on us.   Friendly staff, caring vets... What more could you ask for?
PROS: I love coming here, it's so close to my house and my doggies get taken care off. I have a 10yr old and a 3mo old. My older girl had surgery here for a very bad case of pyometra two years ago and was well taken care off. The staff is friendly and it is always a great experience.     The vets here are really really wonderful and the health of my dogs is owed to them but that does not mean that I have not gotten upset with them more than once:    CONS: I will never forget a remark made by one of the receptionists when my doggie had surgery:     (dog is already situated in the back to spend the night)    US: We are just going to run by an ATM to get cash for the operation ($1,500) and will be back in a matter of minutes.     HER: Oh it's not a problem, if you don't come back, we just won't operate on her.     US: -Completely and utterly shocked as we had just left a piece of our heart with them, to be treated for a very bad case of a life threatening condition.   We were still crying. Speechless. I really wanted to slap and strangle that insensitive, clueless person. Their 'only care about profit' attitude really angered me.     We picked up our baby girl the next day, everything went great, her stitches were looking awesome but due to a massive amount of discharge that came out of her, dried pus was all over her hind parts. They just left her dirty like that. It had caused the long hair (maltipoo) on her rear to fuse to her body, her tail was covered with it too. They did not bother to give her some dignity and clean her up. They didn't even cover up the incision wound. For $1,500 the least they could do for her after her surgery is give her 15 min of TLC.    We were mortified by the lack of simple compassion. We took her home, gently bathed her, removed all the fused hairs and trimmed her very well, applied Frankincense to her wound every day and wrapped her with gauze and wide elastic bandage covering her entire abdomen (the support of the tight elastic really helped her cope with the pain and emotional loss). The Frankincense is deep penetrating and accelerated the healing process leaving no visible scar at all.     Again, I love this place, I love my Vets, they are great, I don't know of a better place in town and I have tried a lot of them but their lack for compassion is something left to be desired at times.     Hope this helps. Cheers.
- friendly and knowledgeable staff  - clean examining rooms  - open 24 hrs, I believe  - my dogs normally hate all vets, but like (or at least tolerate) this place  - I've dealt w/ Dr. Jones and Dr. Wanis on multiple visits for my dogs and both are very caring and compassionate and have spent plenty of time examining my dogs. I've never felt rushed and they do an excellent job at explaining any issues  - on a couple occasions the doctors have followed up with a phone call a day or two later just to check up.  - they're able to perform surgeries on premises, which some vets are not able to do  - they don't try to upsell you on a million meds or treatments    They get a well deserved 5 paws from me.
I've been here 3 times now and this is what I've experienced:    1. Super friendly staff and all smiles almost all the time.   2. Slight fecal and chemical smell throughout the lobby.   3. Sterile looking exam rooms and they will sometimes wipe the table down in front of you.   4. Very friendly Dr encounters so far. I requested Dr. Carnie because I read great things about her but I arrived shortly after her shift ended. To my surprise she walked into the exam room and gave my new puppy his first exam. Bonus points for opting to stay!  5. Upsells out the ass. For $100 more you can use a different anesthesia that's better for your dog. Why the hell is this an upgrade and not standard? A 4th set of puppy vacs? I'm skeptical. The manufacture of the vaccine recommends 3 and a once yearly booster shot.     Other information:  Neuter/Spay : $125 under 50 lbs (the girl on the phone said the pain meds were included however they really aren't and I was charged $20 more for them)  Blood Work: $98  Fecal Exam: $25  General Office Visit: $40 (I think?)  Nails: $10  Ear Flush: $38  Micro Chip: $27ish which includes 1st year registration.    They don't make appointments and they charge AFTER the visit. I found that out half way home from my first visit and realized I didn't pay anything. Oops!    Service and price matter to me. Although they DO attempt to upsell, I'll still come here because the services I do choose are very reasonable.
Boarding your dogs is tough.  Boarding your dogs often means you have to be especially vigilant about where they stay and how they act when you pick them up again.  My husband and I have tried many boarding facilities in 3 states as we move every two years and often work out of town.  While in Vegas I have never used anyone other than West Charleston Animal Hospital.     Having had one of our dogs 8 years and the other almost 3, I can tell how they've been treated when I pick them up from boarding.  They are always happy, freshly washed (it's complementary with their stay), and not terrified or acting funny.  WCAH puts them together in the same kennel/run at a bit of a discount than if your dogs stay in separate kennels.  Not only does this mean they are with their best buddy but this can help offset the cost a little bit.  One of my dogs is 25 lbs, the other 90lbs and staying together is always fine space-wise.    As I understand it the dogs are taken out to use the bathroom 2ce a day and unless you take your own food are given Science Diet Sensitive Stomache.      One more thing - the desk girls here are so nice!  I've been to places where they weren't and this can really make a difference.  I'm already felling guilty for putting my dogs "in storage", but having a nice staff makes me feel better, like my dogs will be around other friendly faces, even if it's not mine or my husbands.
So I purchased my puppy from Petland and was given a 5 day window for a check up. I heard bad things about this place but I had a great experience.  The reception staff were very helpful, the Veterinarian was caring and professional, he did a great job. Wasn't notified I had to pay for the fecal test because other staff were complaining about an order of food.....then called and asked for payment, hope you girls got your order fixed first.
I only gave 2 stars based on prior visits while Dr. Carney was still there. Now on their own merits they would get 0 stars.  Now it is a total numbers racket and today they took my dogs into the back to get their shots. ALWAYS before they gave the shots in front of us. I'm quite doubtful that we got anything other than a rather large bill.  All services are a la carte including various exams which used to and should be all inclusive. Money, money, money, ching, ching, ching. I'm all for making money but for God's sake provide a little service for the buck. Me:" My dog's rear legs shake when she stands" Them: "Would you like to pay us to examine her for that?" Me: "I am paying for an exam." Them: "That's not included". Dental exams are free but of course the cleaning is $150.    We are looking for a new vet. Any suggestions?
I hate even giving this place one star! I have a sheltie who broke her back foot. They xrayed it and told me that the only way that she would make it was to do this extremely expensive surgery. I explained to them that I couldn't afford 3-5 thousand dollars and asked what my options were and that's when they told me that I could cast it and come back each week to have it re-xrayed and re-casted for 6 weeks and then maybe it would heel enough to not have her put down. (By the way that was over $400 each week!) So I had them cast her and took her home. The cast only lasted 1 week just like they wanted and I couldn't afford the 6 weeks of $400 each time, so I spoke to a people doctor and he informed me as long as it is in a cast for at least 6 weeks the bones would heel enough for her to walk again, and if it wasn't as strong we could get her a wheel chair cart. So I re-cast her leg myself and when I did, I found that the cast job that they did actually punctured a hole in her leg where they broke off the cast to make it her size. The hole was about 2 inches by 1/2 inch and was so deep you could see her muscle! So I cleaned it out and re-cast her...but the cast continued to rub and her leg now had more than one hole and her foot became so inflamed that it was almost 3 times the size of her others. We used the extra antibiotics that we had and wrapped it without the plastic cast and continued to change out the bandage and cleaned it out for the next 8 weeks, and now she is walking again and happy. Her foot is still inflamed but only slightly.    I just want to inform anyone who is going to go to this office, be prepared to pay lots of money for not amazing service. They charge an exorbitant amount and tell you that it is either pay or put your dog down! They guilt trip you and don't give you any real options. When I mentioned the wheelchair cart, he said that it wouldn't help and not to bother! Vets are supposed to help the animals because they want to. I understand everyone wants to make a dollar, but have other options for those of us who don't make what you make! The animals are the ones who are going to suffer...and they don't have a say...
This place is like doggie heaven. I take my Weimaraner in for check ups and Meds because my dog is a bubble dog. They always greet me with big smiles. They know me by name and also know "rueger" my dog. At first my dog was shy and timid, now he runs in and greets everyone like they are part of the family. This place is the best and I highly recommend doctor jones. He always knows what is best!
I've taken my lab/shepherd mix here for shots, grooming and boarding for several years with no problem.  The staff and drs are all friendly, the examination rooms are clean and the service is usually prompt if it's not a busy day.  But like any business they will try to charge you for unnecessary stuff.  I recently got a puppy who was hurt when the bigger dog fell off the bed on top of her.  We took her in and was told right away they needed to do an x-ray.  Turns out she had a hairline fracture of the femur and they put a cast on her.  Here is where the B.S. came, they said we had to bring her back every week to be re-casted.  I was like great until they said we had to pay $35 each time.  Are you serious?  I've already spent $380.  I said no way, I don't have the money and was told she may have a permanent limp otherwise.  Well guess what, the dog chewed out of the cast in 2 weeks and was walking fine.  The next week she was running and back to normal.
I've been going here since I got my first puppy two and half years ago. Every time I call, whether it be about boarding or health questions (one on my dogs was recently diagnosed with epilepsy) they take the time out to fully explain everything. The staff is always friendly and genuinely seem like they care.
I bring my Ditty dog here based on recommendation from the breeder and couldn't be happier. Dr. Jones & Dr. Kempf are courteous and friendly and I haven't had to wait more than 5 minutes yet!
I used this vet for my dog's entire life. We got him at the pound, and brought him here for all his shots and stuff until the bitter end...at which time I took him in to be euthanized :-( It was a miserably sad experience, but the staff was cool and made it as comfortable as possible.  Dr. Andressen was the one to inject my dog. He was very kind and gentle and patient, and gave me as much time as I wanted with my dog in his last moments. His bedside manner was better than most doctors who treat humans!!! Great guy, and I thank him for his kindness. I don't know how this guy does what he does day in and day out....I'd bawl my eyes out. But he was amazing.  Euthanasia here cost me $113...I think it's $4 more if you choose not to be present with your pet. Meanwhile at the pound, they'll do it for something like $20...but I guess the experience here is more comfortable.   Anyway, I'll be heading back to the pound soon for a new dog...and I will bring him here for sure for all his vet needs.
LOVE this place.. Staff is friendly. Vets are great! Plus, very reasonable with their prices.. You can tell they are here for the animals. That's a huge plus for me. I swear Dr. Cordray is the dog whisperer! Anyone who has complaints probably has a poopy attitude. Won't bring my animals anywhere else! Thank you for taking such good care of our fur baby.
took my dog in for a simple spay but walked out paying over $450. The young woman  was horribly insensitive, rude and was being so mean and rough to my dog. My other dogs never were this messed up with my other vet, I don't think they are nice to the animals at all.
I went here two years ago for my dogs dental and was originally told that she needed a tooth extracted. (She had two canines on one side of her mouth) When I went to pick her up I noticed her tooth wasn't extracted and was told the doctor changed their mind and it wasn't necessary. While looking through her medical history I just noticed they charged me $75 for the extraction they didn't do...    Other than that, they have great prices here but I'm currently taking my dogs to a different vet.
Let's call this a 3.5, here's why:     Pros  -Day time front desk staff was friendly and speedy. I was in and out in 20 mins and that was without an appointment.   -Good specials sent out via email.     Cons  -PM front desk staff was frustratingly disorganized. They called and told me my pet would be ready by 5:45, I arrived at 6:45 and did not leave with my dog until almost 8p. As lovely as your office is, the last thing I want to do is wait in it for over an hour. Please finish charting before you tell me to pick up my pup.   -Constant upselling by doctor and front desk staff. I understand this is a business but it gets uncomfortable beyond the second "no thank you".     My pup was seemingly well cared for so, I'd recommend them to friends and family with a warning that the discharge process isn't smooth but worth the wait.
We take our shiba inu here and everyone from reception to the nurses and the doctors are great. Dr. Wiggers performed his neuter and she was great, explaining everything and following up with us the day after. She's a great doctor and I won't take Saki to anyone else. Their price for the neuter was the best we found in the area, and they're just as good if not better then others. They also offer boarding, which was a lifesaver for us when we went out of town for the holidays and needed a place for him to stay last minute. The nurses take the dogs out to play throughout the day and you don't have to pay for extra walks or play times like you do with other boarding places that I've checked out.  The doctors are very helpful, if you leave them a voicemail, they will call you back by the end of the day, which is just shocking to me.
My friend gave me one of the best recommendations years ago and I have continued to bring my dogs to Blue Cross Animal Hospital. The staff is friendly and professional. Doctors Tack, Lewis and Wiggers are exceptionally caring and knowledgeable which counts a lot in my book. They listen to my concerns about my pets health and they provide options and explanations that are understandable for me to make the right choice.    One of my dog was operated for a "loose knee cap" a year ago and Dr. Lewis patiently explained what to expect before, during and after operation. Everything was handled so smoothly (from pre to post op) and my dog healed like a new dog (just like the Dr. said).    My dogs happily wag their tails for Dr. Lewis, the hospital, and boarding care. We thank you all for such wonderful care.
We're the notorious Gilmore's. lol   I only say this because we come here as often as my husband and I go to our dentist and doctor combined.  I can definitely say we've had a full experience with this place.   When our Shiba Inu was having seizures, we had to make the decision to put her down. Dr. Lewis and the staff were very understanding, caring and gentle about the whole ordeal. We were allowed to bring in our other dog Casper, her companion, to say goodbyes.  We usually see Dr. Lewis just for familiarity for our remaining pets, Casper (a mini eski) and Hazey (a calico).   We did have a hiccup with one of the clerks when they had phone wiring issues. (ahem) lol It wasn't a great ordeal, but it ended up well.    Their boarding facilities on the other hand... ahh i'm giving them a second chance. I spoke with Anne, the office manager, and i'll just make a review when we pick up Hazey after her stay in December. :)
I've been taking my 7 year old mini weiner dog here since he was 12 weeks old.  Dr. Tack and his staff have been nothing short of amazing!  Through seizures, and even a 6 month paralization, his team has been there for me through it all.  I'm so greatful for a vet that truly loves my puppy like I do.  Dr. Tack and his staff are the best animal hospital in Las Vegas, hands down.
Would never consider taking our three dogs anyplace else. If you value your pets health and love them as we do, Dr. David Tack and his staff at Blue Cross animal hospital is the only game in town. Many vets alot closer to our home but the trip is absolutely worthwhile.
I am the daughter of a veterinarian and have grown up working in the field as well, so I hate to say it but I am a bit of a "vet snob." I was so impressed with Dr. Wiggers and her staff though, they met my approval! I have only been there once for the free check up for a NSPCA adopted dog, but it was a very good experience. My dog is very fearful at vet clinics too and Dr. Wiggers made sure to be extra gentle and gave lots of treats to make it a postive experience for my pup as well. I went to this clinic because several people had recommended it, and it definitely lived up to the recommendations.
Everything about this place is just amazing. I am so happy to have found Blue Cross and Dr. Wiggers. My dog actually loves going here. He starts barking in the car when we pull up.     They give the best medical care for your animal. They have never tried to do anything that was not necessary. They always give you an estimate of how much it will cost up front. Their prices are reasonable and I am sure if it was an emergency they would work with you. They would never let an animal stay in pain.    Blue Cross also has a really cute Facebook page and you can check out what is going on at the clinic. They also send out newsletters with coupons for dental discounts and reminders for upcoming services needed.    They also have a website for customers that allows you to go on and make appointments, get medical records, etc. This is a great clinic and I would never go anywhere else.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!!    After a horrible experience at another vet, we tried Blue Cross and fell in love! My poor little dachshund (Diablo) had IVDD, an open abscess, high liver counts and was horribly mistreated for 3 days by a so called vet, who only cares about money and not about the well being of animals. They tried to push expensive surgery on us without trying any other alternative first. They refused to treat his infection unless we did surgery on his back-telling us it was unethical to treat him without surgery.    We walked into Blue Cross and immediately felt welcome! The front desk staff was so friendly and helpful. We were helped right away and the vet techs and staff were again so friendly and treated my baby with love. Dr. Wiggers is amazing! She listened to our whole story, and talked it over with us. I felt that she cared so much about helping my dog. She went over different courses of action for him, letting us know what her recommendation was but not pushing anything on us. We decided on a path of care and Diablo starting improving within a day! By the end of the week he was his old self!    I can't say enough wonderful things about Dr. Wiggers and every person at their office. I am so thankful that they were there to fix the horrible experience we had elsewhere. They definitely do so much more than the basics, but I'm thankful that is the ground they built themselves on. They know pets are family, they treat them as their own, they show them love and they really want them to be healthy and happy.     I would give them way more stars than 5 if I could! Thank you Blue Cross-You Rock!!
We recently lost our wonderful friend, Brownie.  Dr. Cortez and the entire staff at the Blue Cross Animal Hospital were helpful, compassionate and very professional.  She became ill very quickly and we were not prepared to hear that it was time to let her go.  The staff explained every procedure (and the cost) to us and Dr. Cortez was right there with me through the procedure.  We will eventually get another dog and this hospital will be where we take our pets. MaryAnn B
I was in search for a new vet for my new puppy, and I came across Blue Cross Animal Hospital (no affiliation to Blue Cross and Blue Shield).  I called in to inquire about prices for the puppy shot, and they quoted me a reasonable figure, so I decided to go with them.  The vet who administered the shots was not gentle with my puppy, and my puppy's bottom was sore for 2 days after the shots.  Prior to this visit, I have never had a dog scream due to pain after a shot.  Not to mention that when it was time to check out, my bill exceeded the quoted amount.  This place deceived me; I was over-charged, and received below average service.    I ended up taking my dog back to the vet that I am familiar with for the remainder of his puppy shots.  Even though it is further from my house it is worth it.  They took my puppy into a separate room so that he wouldn't associate the shot with "me", and he wasn't screaming after he received his shots; perhaps because the doctor at my familiar vet was gentler and showed more empathy!      If you like to be "sold", this may be the place for you, but I'm not with all of that dishonesty.  I will not be returning to this animal hospital, and based on my experience I do not recommend it.
Our dogs have been seeing Dr. Wiggers for the three years we have lived in Las Vegas. We had the unfortunate situation where our old dog fell seriously ill.  The vet stayed in touch to check up on our dog after our initial visit with the affliction.      After several days, we had to make the difficult decision to say goodbye.  Dr. Wiggers and the staff were sensitive to our needs and handled the ordeal with compassion and professionalism.  We were lucky to have picked this animal hospital when we moved.
What can I say, other than we are really happy with this Vet.  We tried other vets but just weren't happy at all.  This place is wonderful.  Our first visit the Vet spent over an hour with us talking about our dogs.  They show a lot of interest in the owner and their loved pets.  They are excellent in taking the time to explain treatments with you and reviewing what they find during an exam.  You never feel like you are "under the time gun" here.  Our dogs love their Vet.    Plus on a side note they do offer boarding to their current clients.  Now if you have a young dog maybe not the place but for our older Lab this place is wonderful for her.
I bought a standard poodle from Craigslist because she was much cheaper than buying from a breeder.  She was a Christmas gift for our daughter. (Plus I always wanted a standard poodle).  Shortly after picking her up from a park.  (RED FLAGS ALL OVER- which I ignored)- she got sick.  I took her to Paradise Pet Hospital and she was diagnosed with Parvo.  Dr. Maressa Gockerman and Dr. D went above and beyond.  I was ready to give up.  And it was NOT about the money.  They didn't want to put her to sleep because he thought she may pull through- and she did.  (he worked with me financially)  I learned a VERY expensive lesson about purchasing dogs from irresponsible "backyard breeders", but I also learned that there are vets out there that really care!
I knew that as soon as I walked into Paradise Pet Hospital, I was in good hands. The facility is very clean and welcoming, very unlike any other pet hospital I have ever been to.    I called on short notice because my dog became ill with bloody diarrhea and vomiting. I worried that it might be Parvovirus, so I called and asked if I could bring her in at that minute to be seen. The receptionist set me up for an appointment within 30 minutes after I had called. I wasn't expecting that. After filling out my paperwork, I was promptly given a room and barely had to wait to get service. Everything was quick and easy. Turns out my dog had colitis. Doctor Gockerman explained everything to me clearly and at the end of my visit explained in detail how to treat my dog. She is very nice and professional. You can tell she loves what she does.    I would definitely recommend this place to any of my friends and will be taking my dog back to get spayed.
I visit my parents in Vegas several times a year and always board my dog at Paradise Pet Hospital. Their facilities are spotless, bright and gorgeous. The staff are always courteous and kind to my dog, and he never seems stressed out when I come to pick him up. Their pricing is extremely reasonable and I've always been happy with their services. Wouldn't hesitate to recommend this place to anyone with a pet in the Vegas area.
Meh. I got referred here by the Humane Society for a low cost neuter. After they got done adding some stuff on, it wasn't that low cost. Then they overcharged me but to their credit, they caught it and fixed it.    I just didn't like the guy though.    But my dog is neutered and now we don't have to go back.
I've been taking my dog here for several years now and have never had a problem.  We've boarded her over 20 times and have never had to make an appointment.  Their hours are convienient and their boarding rates are the cheapest I've found.    My little bundle of terror once woofed down 440 paintballs.  I thought she was a goner for sure but Tropicana Animal Hospital fixed her right up!    The only trouble?  When you drop your pet off for boarding you have to wait in an exam room for a brief meeting with the vet.  Sometimes this can take up to 1/2 hour.  I'm trying to get out of town, the last thing I want to do is hang out here all morning.
This review is for their customer service, thank you to all the staff and the vet that saw us on 12/31/10. We were in town with our 2 small pups for New Year's Eve, we stayed at a nice pet friendly hotel near the Strip. We went out our first night and immediately received a call from the hotel that our dogs were barking and we needed to return. I was so stressed out because here we were far from home without paperwork for their vaccines and no idea where we were going to put them the following night (New Year's Eve). I called several places that didn't have space or weren't open on New Year's day, when we were suppose to drive home. When I called Tropicana Animal Hospital the lady that picked up the phone was so sweet and helped me calm down. I called my vet's office in San Diego which had the paper work faxed over to Tropicana. It was our first time leaving our little ones in a kennel, so we were not happy about the set-up. However after meeting the staff and seeing where they were going to stay for one night my husband and I felt so much better. Thank so much to the staff for allowing my husband and I to feel reassured that our pups were in good hands. If it wasn't for them we would of had a terrible New Years away from home. THANK YOU! Happy New Year!
I've been going here for almost 3 years now and am very pleased with their service. The staff is friendly even when they're super busy, they don't charge for an office visit when you come in for something specific (shots, microchipping, nails etc.), they are open 7 days a week(!), they sell food, supplements and prescriptions, they're really affordable for routine stuff and reasonable for most other stuff...I could go on for a while. Their prices for spay/neuter are a bit high and that's the only thing I've gotten done elsewhere in 3 years.   They're knowledgeable and will refer you to another provider if they feel that you are reaching outside of their specialized knowledge base (which I was surprised about). I was referred to a local holistic vet as well as a canine dermatologist because I was exploring some 'different' solutions for chronic issues in my purebred Doberman.   All in all they're great for vet services. I haven't used them for boarding as I prefer a doggie daycare setting but I wouldn't hesitate to utilize those services if necessary because I trust their staff.   I used to live near them, hence the way I found them originally, and now I don't live anywhere near them at all and I still drive past at least 30 other vets to go there.
OMG they are great they saved my puppys life.I could hope for anything more they did everything they could to save my handsome pup.Thank you thank you thank you!!!Dr.Lewis your the best!!!!!
Very fair price and great explanation of what services offered. I felt very comfortable here, and my Girl's dog is doing great!
I'm not really sure what to rate this place. I think they have good intentions, but there's no way my visit could have made me happy.     I took my dog in with what I thought was a sprain in his leg. I had called that morning because I was looking for a vet that could negotiate with me for payment plans or whatever, without carecredit. It was pretty much between a rent payment or a vet visit. The lady who talked to me told me there was no way they could help me out with that. After calling around and finding out that all vets offices in Vegas seem to have only money in mind, I decided to go to this office. My pup was in pain, and I chose that over having enough money for rent.     Anyway, I took him in and the vet right away said it was most likely a break. Okay, so we got X-rays. He said it looked like cancer, not to expect anything positive, and that we would hear from him in a few hours. Meanwhile he said he would make my dog comfortable. This is important. I specifically told him to make my dog comfortable. He was terrified. After a few hours I got a phone call that my dog would need an amputation for 1,500-3,000.00 to give him 3 more months. For 1, there's no way I could have afforded it, and for 2, I'm not putting my dog through that pain for a selfish 3 months. I got together my family to say bye, and when I went into the room with my dog, the girl who brought him in said he hadn't been given anything for the pain. So my dog was in a strange place, in excruciating pain, scared sh*tless for 3 hours. He was taken out by the vet in a muzzle, but not before the dog snapped at him and was dropped from 5 feet in the air. With a broken leg. Scared and in excruciating pain.     I couldn't spend ample time with my dog before his departure because I knew he had fallen from a high point onto his already shattered leg.    I miss my dog more than words can say and I wish I would have known he was super well taken care of. I feel that he deserved so much better after all the unconditional love he gave me for 10 years. I'm kicking myself over and over.    As positives go, I guess, the vet was polite and seemed to have my dog's best interest in mind (other than telling me that 3 months with an amputated leg would be okay for my dog and that he would "adjust swimmingly") and the girls at the front were nice and very quick to get us into a room and give us time. Also, I received a card today, 4 days later, with condolences and signatures from everyone. I appreciated that a lot. Again, I don't think the vet purposefully dropped my dog and I know it's a safety issue when a dog snaps at your face. But he was warned that my dog is a nervous snapper. I just feel for my pup more than this guy. I'm giving 2 stars because of the condolence card and the girls who got me and my pup in quickly. Just... be careful.
My 13 week old puppy got Kennel Cough the week I was scheduled to go to Vegas, no one at home knew how to take care of a sick puppy, my friends who know how all have dogs, and my reservations could not be changed/cancelled.  Fantastic.      After stressing over my kennel coughing puppy for 2 days it was finally decided that I would either have to leave him at a vet's office or hide him in my hotel room.  Since he's so young and sick, boarding him wasn't really an option and I had to hospitalize him.  Hospitalizing him in the Greater Los Angeles area would have cost me an arm and a leg, so my friend in Vegas suggested looking in the Vegas area.  So I did and started making my phone calls.      After calling 10+ animal clinics, I found 2 that were willing to take him in at a reasonable rate.  While Tropicana wasn't the cheapest of the 2, it was the closest of the 2.  They were able to take care of my pup for 2 days at a rate of $30.00/day which included isolating him, taking him for walks, feeding him, and giving him his meds.  I swear they may have even given him a bath and trimmed his hair.  He smelled better than when I dropped him off!    I called 4 times to verify that they could indeed take care of my pup at that rate (I didn't want to drive to Vegas and then find out it was going to cost 200/night), and they were so patient!  They didn't even mind that I called to check up on my pup.  :)      They were so kind and patient and the vet, Dr. Lewis, really seemed to care about my little brat.  She really seemed to be looking out for what was best for my pup rather than the clinic's bottom line, which seems to be so difficult to do these days.  If I was a Vegas local, I would seriously considering making this clinic my primary veterinary office.      But as I am not, I will simply board my furry friend here as needed.  :)  Highly recommended!
Took my dog here after she was bitten by another dog and had her jaw shattered. From the moment I walked in I was pleased with the staff who were very welcoming/accommodating. The cost was very affordable and a major plus in my book! I have also boarded my dog here and felt very safe doing so. Dr. Evans was awesome! He even had his staff on more than one occasion help me carry items to the car. The place itself is older but you can tell they have a very thriving business its always busy and for good reason.
I'm giving them 1 star because I can't give them -100 here. I also hate long reviews, but this needs one:      Last night, my 3 mo. old puppy ate a ton of roasted garlic with the sheath and stem, threw up and was very weak and dizzy all night. I called them up to see if they could recommend a remedy to soothe her belly. It was late at night and my (awesome) vet clinic was closed (VCA Lake View Animal Hospital).    I was connected to a nurse who was a COMPLETE nasty B. She said, there is NOTHING I could do for her and I need to bring her in. I advised her that I did not have a car at the moment and wondered if, again, she had some advice on how to soothe the belly (like a few licks of Pedialyte or fresh wheat grass - which I remembered later).     She just said "nope". Literally. NOPE. I asked if she is positive that there is NOTHING in this entire world of remedies, that would help ease my puppies nausea. She said, again, rudely, NO. You need to bring her in, in a tone that made me believe she thinks of me as a complete  idiot. I thanked her for her help.  She said OK (the kind when you really mean "piss off") and then hung up on me!!     Remember, these are the people you are supposed to trust to take care for the life of a loved pet, your best friend. These psychopaths would rather see my dog die from agony than recommend something to ease her pain, just because they want $500 from me, for a completely unnecessary visit. I was so livid with this woman, I wish I could remember her name for this review.     *I gave my pup a few a tiny bit of coconut/almond milk and she was literally brand new in a matter of 15 minutes-spent the rest of the night running around the house like crazy.*     If you love your pets, do not bring them here. All it takes is 1 or 2 people to tell you of a bad experience and that should be enough in cases like this- it's not worth it. I truly hope their clinic goes out of business and that this so called "nurse' never works in this field again.     Cheers.
Took my dog there for annual shots, fair prices... then she got yeast infection in ears, i expected a hefty bill for shots, vet appt and yeast infection meds. I was pleasantly suprised to have a [very] fair priced bill! Its hard to find places that wont make u pay an arm,and a leg for vet services... i got in there first thing in the morning to avoid any wait/line and was seen fairly quickly by the veterinarian. I would definitely reccomend this facility. Havent had to ever leave my dog overnight for treatment so i cant say anything about kenneling services or anythin like that. But they were definitely fair priced and had good customer service @ the front desk. They do accept debit too fyi
I took my dog here after she got bit and my normal  vet was closed. We waited in the waiting room with her skin hanging as some other pets made it back to an exam room. We finally made it back and after the vet visited he determined it was necessary to keep her overnight for surgery. I had to call the next day to she how she was, I was hoping they would call me but I was worried. Turns out the surgery went well and we picked her up. The next day she was sick from her meds. They told me they would switch meds but when I arrived they made me purchase new ones. So after waiting 10 days I went to have the stitches taken out. I checked in and waited a bit. After an hour and a half I finally left. There were other animals that came In after us there were taken back first. I was talking to the owners and they were not there for an emergency. Some people waited over a 40 mins just to drop the dog off for boarding. I feel I had to wait because this isn't my normal vet. I understand why they would do that to me but it's not fair for any animal who has an emergency. You would think being an animal hospital they would have a better system in place to see pets but there is just chaos from the moment you arrive. With plenty of  other places in town there is no need to come back here.
I just moved to Vegas a couple of months ago and I had no clue what to do when i found out that my dog had worms.  I couldn't go to my normal vet back home because i needed my dog to be taken cared of immediately.  I looked up a couple of places and decided to go with Sandy Hill Clinic.  They were open till 530pm and they were willing to see us on such short notice.  The woman at the front desk was very helpful and informative.  I met Dr. Jonas and he was absolutely great with my dog.  He answered all my questions with a smile and made my dog and me feel very comfortable.   I thought i was going to pay a fortune for her shot, but prices are very reasonable.  I would definitely recommend this place to any loving pet owner.
Great clinic, all the vets and staff are excellent! Economical, knowledgable, fair, and they never try to upsell or tell you to do anything unnecessary. They are always willing to take a look at my dogs quickly, and often for free!
I've taken my dog Cooper here since he was a puppy. We all know that finding a business here in Las Vegas that exemplifies quality, honesty and integrity is not always easy to find. The Vets here care about each pet as if it were their own.    So let me help you...don't go anywhere else!
Wow Dr. Anast was great! We were visiting Las Vegas when we realized my dog had a tick. I found them on yelp, called the office they gave us an appt. right away. The wait was long but Dr. Anast was amazing with all my questions about ticks and if they carry diseases. When we were done I went to the front desk to pay and he said we get the Malibu discount the exam and tick removal was free of charge. WOW you don't see that these days. Thank you Dr. Anast.
Terrific Vet, been taking my dogs to Dr. Anast and his staff for almost 7yrs. He and his staff have gone above and beyond many times for me and my two dogs. Not only is he a fantastic Dr, but he's also an incredibly nice and honest guy.
Dr George is hands down THE BEST VET my family has ever had!  His kindness and knowledge set him miles apart form any vet we have been to. My dad moved from LA & Im from Boston, we trust him, and only him to look after our beloved MUSH! Thank you Dr George for all taking care of our dog, we love him and trust him in your hands. He is healthy and happier because of you. Lisa, Fred & George Gennawey
I cannot say enough about Dr. Anast and his entire staff here at Sandyhill Animal Clinic.  He has been our vet for over 9 years and has always been so kind.  He never tries to charge you for unnecessary procedures.  He is very straight forward.  I would not trust my dogs with anyone else.  I will continue to bring my girls here for a lifetime.  Thank you Dr. Anast for all the years of care you've provided for our family.  We are eternally grateful to you and all your staff.  I highly recommend Sandyhill for all your veterinary needs.
I took my mini pin there for the first time yesterday.  He was having trouble walking with his hind legs the day before (first time this incident occurred) , and was overdue on his shots.  He ended up being 100 percent better before his appointment, but I just wanted to make sure that he was okay, and he needed his shots anyway.  The staff was so friendly and down-to-earth!  I brought my 19 month old son, and when it was time to go in the back room, he started throwing a fit, and the technician helped me carry my belongings while I was trying to get my son in order.  Sid (my dog) loved the technician, Cherilyn.  She and the doctor took him to the treatment room to make sure he was walking fine.  All the while, gave him his shots, drained his gland (something I could never do) and trimmed his nails.  When it was time to check out, the staff asked me questions about my son, and I honestly had a fun time chatting with them, but I had to let them go back to their work.  Cherilyn ended up helping me to my car, too!  Great experience, and I would absolutely take Sid (or any future pets) there again.
Got a new puppy and took her in for shots. The team spent 1 1/2 hours checking her out, answering questions, and making sure everything possible was covered. In addition they gave me a "new puppy" packet with all kinds of helpful tips. This place is the best place I have taken a pet to so far!    In addition, they work on lots of animals. There was a turtle in there that they fixed up after being ran over by a car. When it was healthy the turtle was headed back out in nature. It is great to see businesses giving back.
This is now my primary vet (formerly Aloha Animal Hospital).    They can always see me right away and I'm the kind of dog-mommy that needs to know all the details about what's wrong, why, how, etc etc. And they spend the time explaining and helping.  They're very thorough and I appreciate that very very much!!     I definitely recommend Mountain Vista!!!
I brought my German Shepherd puppy here for the first time after adopting her from Puppy Boutique. Overall, nothing but great things to say. Everyone was nice and helpful. I'm afraid I don't remember the vet's name, but he addressed every concern that I had. If I lived closer I would return!
I live 30 minutes away from this clinic, and I don't mind the drive to the opposite side of town because I know my dog will receive fantastic care. All of the vets at the clinic are  friendly and caring to both owners and pets. We most often see Dr. Kenton, and he never makes you feel rushed and patiently answers questions from worried owners. When our dog had to have life saving surgery, Dr. Kenton called us several times during the four days our dog was recovering at the clinic. The clinic will also let you come visit your pet while they recover from surgery. Their vet techs are also fantastic, and the office staff are pleasant to deal with. The clinic isn't the newest or slickest in town, but the services they provide and the prices more than make up for it.
Although we miss Dr. Hauck very very much ( happy retirement) we still love Dr. Kenton. He did my dogs surgery and I couldn't have asked for a better doctor.
I work with a rescue group in town and am fostering a pet dog. The dog was pulled from the Leid Kill shelter, but shortly after having her, I noticed she was in heat! Since Lied is supposed to spay/neuter any dogs that get adopted out, I figured maybe in their daily rush of surgery's they forgot this one. So I took this small female dog is Park just to have the vet look and tell me if she was indeed spayed or not so I could contact Lied.     The receptionist wouldnt even let me see the doctor, or ask the doctor to come out. She told me that she'd have to write up a file and have to charge me an office visit. Really!? I'm here on behalf for a rescue, just needing to confirm if this dog was fixed so that it could be taken care of one way or another.    This vet is like so many others. All they want is your money and dont care about the animal. It takes 5 seconds to look at a dogs stomach and tell if it was fixed. And they wanted to charge me $45 for that!!!     I will never recommend this place all due to this receptionist.     Vets can be good, but that doesnt mean they wont charge you for every little thing. They are a rip off!!!!
I have been going here for many years.   Sadly over the past 2 years they have started requiring every shot in the book on an annual basis... Influenza?  With under a 1% in NV reporting of dogs with influenza you are going to mandate this?  Every time I took one of my dogs in there, I left with a $200 -  $300+ bill... CRAZY!!!  Even when I would take all 4 of my dogs at once, they charged an office visit for each one...  those visits cost so much, I would be wondering how to pay the bills for the next month!  So sad as I really liked this place before they got greedy.  I'm sad I need to look for a new vet.
I have been with Park Animal for 17 yrs.. When i first got there Dr. Justin Pitts was my vet and when he left in 2007 i felt i was going to have to drive my dogs to Reno to see him. But i met Dr.C (Dominic Cacioppo). He has always been awesome but not until this year have i REALLY NEEDED HIM. And i have to say theres not enough love for this man. My little girl Ramses had a rare disease and until the end I never felt like another number. He has a love for animals and you just know. Theres vets out there that you get weird vibes from, it doesnt click. But here with Dr. C you know. I wouldnt go anywhere else but Reno..
I have only been to this vet once, for routine shots for my 6 month old puppy.  I chose this vet because it was close to my house.  I called and made an appointment and no one was in the waiting room when I arrived.  In fact, other than standing in the center of the reception area, there is nowhere to wait other than a plastic bench in the far corner, about as far away from the reception area as you can be while still being in the same room.      I was quickly put into a small, airless examining room with my dog.  And there we sat.  For 45 minutes.  I am not claustrophobic, but if I were, it  would have been terrible.  A vet tech finally came in and whisked the puppy out of the room after saying about two sentences to me.  I waited for another 15 minutes, and then I heard voices outside of the door where my dog had been taken.  I stood up and looked through the window in the door to see four vet techs standing around shooting the breeze.  I think one of them saw me looking because all of a sudden I had my dog back and I was out the door.  I never saw an actual vet,  so I can't comment on how good the vet medicine is.      Back in the reception area, I presented a coupon I had printed from their website, but they wouldn't accept it.  They told me it was expired even though it didn't have an expiration date and then they denied that I got it from their website.  Total cost: $80 and I was then told that the puppy would need another round of shots in four weeks, even though they had originally told me she wouldn't need any more shots for a year.  And if you want to get your dog fixed, they will tell you over the phone that it is $80, but then when you ask for an estimate in the office after the exam, they tell you that they have to do bloodwork and then suddenly it is $180.  I took my dog down to spay and neuter center and it was $100 for everything, including pain meds.      After I left the office, I looked at my receipt and I had been charged $20 for an "exam".  I know my dog was not examined because all of the techs were out talking in the hall.      If you need something simple like shots and you don't mind sitting and waiting in a 6 ft by 10 ft room for an hour and you don't mind chilly receptionists and getting overcharged, then you would be fine taking your pet here.  If you actually expect to see an actual vet or if you expect your veterinary hospital to care about your pet, don't go here.
I started going to this vet because my fianc took his dogs here, so I started taking mine. At first I wasn't a huge fan - I find the front desk staff to be pretty lacking and the seemingly constant rotation of different Dr's was a bit strange.  The other day my dog Macy got extremely sick - I brought her in shortly before closing (they told me to come in anyway) and was told she would have to stay overnight. I got Dr. Hines, who told me she wasn't sure what was wrong with Macy, but ran some bloodwork and thoroughly explained her current status and some possibilities of what could be wrong. They let me meet the night technician who would stay with her. I was scared to death of having to leave her, but they made me feel as comfortable as possible. Throughout the next day, Dr. Hines was great about keeping me updated, asking my permission before doing any type of tests, and showing great care and concern for my dog. It turned out to be some type of infection (gums?) and Macy is now doing great - I will keep coming back to Dr. Hines, she is really great (Dr. Merker is also very nice, have met her on a previous occasion). Their prices are also very reasonable for the most part.
I have been taking my dogs, Bentley and Porsche here for a couple of years. From the time I enter the office until I leave, I am very pleased. They see Dr Hines most of the time as I ask for the appointments to be with her.  I adore her and she really makes my dogs feel comfortable and safe. Any vet that will come into the exam room and sit on the floor with your dog is priceless in my book!  She truly loves what she does. The staff is as good as they get.  Oh, and then there is Jen, one of the vet techs. Bentley adores her!      Sue E.
Having had the ultimate in vet care in California I was disaapointed when first coming to this office, but disappointment soon turned to something much more.   For routine vaccines they are barely ok. The doctor swoops in for a half a minute,grabs the dogs,vet tech brings them back after their done.   As diagnosticians they would get negative stars from me. My rottie who it turns out had bone cancer NOT arthritis and then my lab with a raging case of doggie hepatitis NOT indigestion, and mast cell tumors.  They never call to check on the animals, they have too many office helpers and not enough customer/service.  Don't expect anyne in this office to correctly diagnose or treat a sick animal!
My first experience at the place was having to put my 14 yr old rottie down, my gf and me brought him there to be with him his final few miuntes and the were going to charge us for being in the room (I forgot how much, but are you FREAKING kidding me!).  but they didn't and in fact the doctors and staff were so damn nice and understanding it made the whole situation "easier".    Now with my new pound dog I took him there, because I like the doctor that help me months earlier.  Thats when I found out you don't see the same doctor every visit (which I found weird), then they take the dogs to the back..again weird...but now I understand the thinking.     First off with my new 145 pound rottie he is a lover not a fighter, the worst thing he has every done was lick a person to much.   Majority of the vet's here that have dealt with him love him.  I don't learn the vet's names because it is RARE when I see the same one twice and I know they don't know mine or my dogs, no big deal.  but one one visit the male vet comes in and you could see the shear "terror" in his eyes when he saw my dog, he had a tough time walking the 5 ft to "introduce" himself to him, and when he finally took him in the back (for routine shots), he had the vet tech bring him back to put a muzzle on him.  I have been bringing him for 4yr to this hospital, had many differnet vets and never once did they ask for a muzzle on him.  Been back twice since then different doc and no need for a muzzle.  To that vet, I say:  You are in the wrong profession, if a large dog scares you.    I like the place, docs are good, staff are as nice as one would expect and prices are good.
We do use this vet.  While I am torn about the service that they offer.  Routine items are fine, but anything further than that I have concerns.  As all say, they take your pet to the back then they are returned to you with little or no information.  The diagnostics at this practice is lacking. Not all pain is arthritis, not all itching is allergies.  We dealt with an itchy dog for over a year.  Being told it was seasonal allergies and food allergies in our dog.  After research and speaking to others we found out that it was a yeast infection and our dog was on the wrong type of food.  The food type that this vet told us to use caused the problem to increase and make our dog even sicker.  No testing just an assumption caused.  While some of the vets there are "nice", nice does not cut it when it comes to pets health.
Dr. Hines saved our chihuahua "Zeus" after he ingested pesticide. She is caring and thorough and always has time to answer our questions & concerns. Both our doggies have been seeing her since we got them as puppies. She is a wonderful lady and excellent vet.  The whole team at Pebble Maryland is great.  Tip: get VIP dog insurance for your pets...it will save you thousands.
Nice clean facility.  I have brought my 3 dogs in there for regular checkups and vaccinations. Never any major precedures (knock on wood). But the staff is always friendly and seem to truly like animals. I do find that sometimes I have to wait a while for the vet to see my dogs even when I make an appointment in advance.
I have taken my dog hunter Since he's been a puppy now he's 3 but i love all the doctors there, they explain thinks in a way  you understand, hunter has allergies so is important to keep inform.......they are all great
I would highly recommend Pebble Maryland Animal Hospital.  Thanks PMAH for taking such great care of our babies! We can not thank you enough for the amazing care you provided for our Mia over the yrs and now our Sophia, Tonka and Rocky.      The medical expertise and quality of care our dogs receive has been life saving.  Dr. Diaz and Dr. Hines always take the time to find out why we are there and answer our questions. They are prompt with calling us back for questions and reporting lab results after hours and on weekends.    The facility offers boarding, grooming, 24 emergency care as well as having very accommodating hours.  I can always get an appointment with one of my favorites so it does not feel like I am on a merry go round of vets.      I like that they have a technician on site overnight so if there was ever an issue while boarding or after surgery it can be handled.  They always have a doctor on call and the messenger service is easy to work with. The front desk staff are very helpful and nice to work with and the vet techs in the back and boarding staff take great care of our babies.   Thank You for taking such good care of our dogs,
I switched to this animal hospital a year ago and I LOVE it!! My dog always seems happy to go to see Dr Diaz. When we went to a different animal hospital she seemed scared so it's such a relief she is in good hands.
Never had any bad experiences here. They hook up my poor neurotic pit bull with her doggie anxiety pills so road trips are tolerable for everyone.
Recently got a french bulldog for my son , and the puppy needed his 12 week shots so a friend of mine told me that she took her babies here and it's near my house so I decided to take leo here , I've only been here once and I will be back in a week for his 16 week shots . But my first experience was great ! They loved my puppy which was awesome , they pampered him , answered all of our questions . It was very clean in there , the staff was very helpful . Will definitely be using this as my puppy's vet.
First thing I want to mention is that I would have given them a 4 or 5 star rating if they didn't guilt my boyfriend into taking something from them that we didn't need and refused to let us return it.    My boyfriend and I took my family dog to this place. It was a walk in, the vet was nice, and I thought the fee for a consultation was reasonable, if not even cheap (my family moved to Las Vegas from New Jersey, where the costs are much higher). I listed myself as the primary owner and my mom as the secondary owner. I want to make it clear that even though my boyfriend went with me, he is not the owner.     My dog needed a surgery and my mom went over all the procedures and items she wanted on the estimate. She crossed out the items (such as a cone because we said we will watch my dog closely) and procedures (such as lab tests) she thought were not necessary. We wanted to pick up my dog once he woke up from the anesthesia, but both my mom and I were at work and the only person available was my dog. I got the phone call from the hospital and told them my boyfriend would be picking up my dog. I gave them his full name and they told me he needed to bring his I.D.    The problem was when he went to pick up my dog. Like I mentioned earlier, my mom crossed off a cone from the estimate. She signed it saying we do not want it. They were okay with that when my mom made it clear that's what we wanted. However, when my boyfriend went, the technician (?) told him that my dog NEEDS a cone. They even brought out the vet (from what my boyfriend told me) to tell him that my dog can't be taken home unless he gets a cone and that if my dog gets an infection because he doesn't wear a cone, he might need another surgery. They convinced him to take the cone and a few weeks later, they sent me a bill. Since we never even put the cone on my dog, I just took it back with the bill saying I want to refund it. However, they claimed that since we took it, it cannot be refunded. I explained what happened, and they were able to find the estimate that my mom signed. They still said it cannot be taken back because even though we made it clear we didn't want it, since my boyfriend took it, we needed to pay for it.     Did I mention that my boyfriend is NOT the owner? He is not listed as the owner and since the OWNER made the decision about what would be best for the dog, they never should have guilted him into taking it.     By the way, the surgery came out not too expensive because we took things off the estimate that weren't necessary. At least not necessary for us. My dog is healthy and happy right now. But the way they do the business makes me believe that they are capable of charging much more for things that aren't needed.     The stupid cone that made me upset? It was $12.97. We were happy about paying $900 for a surgery but a cone made me rethink about this place and give it 2 stars.
As a person that works with customer I will never understand how someone in the front desk can treat a client so poorly. On Saturday I left a fecal sample for my puppy and they told me the results will be ready in 24 hours. Tuesday (72 hours after) I called them and asked if the results were ready. They told me yes and that I had to pick up the medicine for my puppy. I went today to pick up the medicine  and the girl in the front desk barely wanted to talk to us. I asked politely if she could look into my puppy's file because I was told I had to pick up her medicine. She couldn't find anything on the puppy so she asked if we wanted her to call the lab. I said "Yes please" and she responded with a huge sigh in disgust and upset that she had to do work. Not only that she was extremely rude to her co-worker that was just asking her a simple question. If I'm not mistaken she said her name was Ashley.    I will not be returning to this office. If someone can act like that in my face, who knows what they can to my puppy when they take her back.
I have been there three times in the last two months. My first visit was for my friend's 14 year old dog, who was having balance problems and rapid eye movements side to side. They quickly diagnosed the problem, prescribed an antibiotic, and she was fully recovered in 2 days.  Dr. Shaver is excellent, and the cost was reasonable.  The next visit was about a week ago. Same dog, but this time she was quivering and unable to get up. They ran diagnostic tests that ended up costing $550 for the tests, IV, shot, X-rays, etc;. An estimate was given to my friend first, so they are up front about the costs. I think it may have been a large expense for a dog that age (the dog was really old with other medical problems also), and perhaps they could have recommended euthanasia, They wanted her to take the dog to a weekend animal hospital, which would have cost another $2,000 or so. I understand their intention to provide care for animals, but the expense for  the tests was a lot, and once she declined to take the dog to the animal hospital, then they said that euthanasia might a possibility. We took her home, and she died peacefully 3 hours after the visit to the clinic.  The third visit was a few days ago for a routine exam of her 6 year old Shih Tzu, and a Bordatella spray. All went well, and they trimmed his nails also. The bill was reasonable again. I would highly recommend this clinic, however, be sure to know that you will be spending a lot to do full diagnostics. Their office visit charges are reasonable.  The two doctors we saw were very knowledgeable, compassionate and professional.  The vet assistants are good also, helping out where they can.
My irrepressible beagle began having single episodes of suddenly yelping in pain when he jumped up to take treats from our hand. I took him to another un-named vet in town, who diagnosed him with an ear infection but they said his teeth looked great.  When I got him home, I noticed - no - he clearly had a rotten front incisor.      I took him to Dr. Hewitt and Cheyenne West for a second opinion, because he had the reputation of being THE veterinary dentist in town.  Rather than just having an ear infection, Dr. Hewitt discovered Harley had a herniated disc in his neck AND multiple bad teeth AND a serious heart condition!      I can't say enough about Dr. Hewitt's owner-side manner - he took a lot of time thoroughly explaining to me what my options were as far as treatment and the possible fatal outcome of my pup's heart condition.  When Harley went in for surgery to extract 8 bad teeth, and started having palpitations during surgery, Dr. Hewitt had a cardiologist lined up to do a phone consult while my dog was under anesthesia.  Top notch care.    With Dr. Hewitt's help - we've finally got a diagnosis of his heart condition, removed his bad teeth, cured his herniated disc (without surgery) and he's been one stable and happy pup for months now!
I was referred here by a friend who couldn't say enough good things about Dr. Hewitt.   My 11 year old rot lab mix had 3 rather large growths, 2 on his legs and one on his chest that needed to be removed immediately.   Upon meeting the Dr. He immediately made me feel at ease and explained absolutely everything to me.   Clearly he loves animals and his job!  I took him in on a Tuesday morning for an eval. Then luckily there was a cancellation on Wednesday for a surgery so I quickly booked it.   Everyone there is very friendly and helpful and the surgery was a complete success. While he was under they also cleaned his teeth, expelled his anal glands and trimmed his nails which hasn't been done for 7 years since he wouldn't let anyone touch them.   Surgery was yesterday and he's getting back to normal and sitting here with me at work so I can keep an eye on him.   I'm definitely going to be a customer for life at Cheyenne west for both of my dogs.   Hope this helps anyone who needs it..
I looked up this vet hospital based on Yelp reviews and the reviews are spot on.  We have been taking our mini dachshund here for over a year and have always had great service and reasonable veterinary advice.      We had a couple of scares (our dog ate an adderall that fell on the ground, I found her with a roach trap in her mouth, and another time I thought she had a bladder infection) and each time the veterinarian always gave us options on what we could do and was never pushy about a treatment. Actually, several times I was the one who insisted on further testing to be done just to make sure that our pup was alright and healthy.     The regular shots/check ups were great and seem to be reasonably priced.  We had her spayed last summer and all went well except they shaved her stomach too high and a patch of fur still hasn't grown back and looks like it never will.  Oh well, at least it's on her tummy, lol.  Still giving this place 5 stars.
Cheyenne West was the Vet we could always count on, until the moment my dog caught a skin virus on her nose. I brought her in and Dr.Hewitt was the one to see her. He barely looked at her, it was like he didn't even care and just gave us a prescription that actually made it worse! I went to another Vet for a second opinion and he fixed her right up perfectly. I don't care if he was having a bad day, it's that one mistake he made for the reason why I will never return here with my Pet. Even if PIMA claims Hewitt is the best Vet in town, obviously he is not.
Thank you Yelpers for steering me to Cheyenne West.    My two dogs see Dr. Lopez .  She is fantastic.  *Edited to add - had interaction with Dr. Hewitt and Shaver during an emergency and they are equally fantastic.  During a 2nd emergency (dog injured himself), Dr. Lopez kept us calm and took care of getting us an ASAP referral to a terrific surgeon.    What a great facility.  Large, very clean, spacious, complete with a pet food section and pharmacy.   From the moment you enter the reception area, you feel welcome and you know your pet is in good hands.  Jacqui and the other medical support team members give my dog a ton of love to calm him during the check in process.  The Health Technicians are friendly and efficient.    Dr. Lopez begins each visit by actually getting down and playing with my dogs; lots of loving and focus just on the dogs.  Only after she establishes rapport with the dog and puts you at ease does she begin the exam/treatment.  It's like talking with a friend while the exam/treatment takes place.  She carefully explains anything she is doing, asks lots of questions, gives a lot of good information, and invites you to be very pro-active and participate.  She is so calm and loving with my dogs; I just can't imagine taking them anywhere else.  Even when taking the dogs for a vaccination, she spends time with them and you to answer any other questions you may have.    On my first visit, I fully expected this type of care to come with a huge price tag.  I was more than pleasantly surprised at the very reasonable fees.      I would not hesitate to recommend Cheyenne West to anyone who wants good and personalized pet care.
I found this hospital here on Yelp as it is 2 miles from our house. I took a dog we rescued off the street in and they scanned the chip and Loulou, the receptionist, helped me get a hold of the previous owner who turned out to be horrible. Since we ended up keeping the dog we decided to bring her back for her shots and checkup. The staff of the hospital is always very nice and the facilities are very clean. The only recommendation I can make is they offer a lower cost service for spay and neutering.
I feel very fortunate to have such a great animal hospital 5 minutes from me. At first, I took this clinic for another pushy to sell you this and that vaccine and what not but after Dr Hewitt performed oral surgery on my dog I am happy to say this small-ish hospital is unique in Las Vegas. Great service. Dr Hewitt is the man to go to for anything oral/dental with your pet. I am grateful for his skills.
Amazing first visit. Loved the staff and the vet. It's nice to find a vet both the humans and the dogs feel comfortable with. Thank you for being so patient with my very vocal and hyper babies.
Moving here in 2002 Cheyenne West was our first contact for our little Gizmo, he lived with them for over 2 weeks, while we waited for our home to be completed, the experience was terrific. They were all like a new family and treated our little guy like he to was part of their family. He has passed and we now have two Havanese babies.     We have seen all of the doctors at Cheyenne West and as they all have individual personalities, I cannot say one is better than another, they are all very loving, caring  professional and are there to do what's in the best interest of our pets.     We've been through a lot with these new additions of ours, from braces on one of our dogs that's not a typo, to eye surgeries on the other and the quality of care is top notch, which is my priority.     No need to continue on and on, I would definitely recommend Cheyenne West, I have trusted them for years with my babies and you can too!!!    Thank you, all of you at Cheyenne West, you're all wonderful and the girls love you too!!!!
I have taken my Dogs here several times. Whether it be for their shots or when my French Bulldog had some serious issues they always were good with the animals and I never had to wait for a walk in more than 15 min. Always plenty of Doctors on hand.     It is pricey but they rechecks are always free and they do a good job. Besides, when has a vet ever been cheap?
Spectacular!  My husband and I used to live in Centennial Hills and started taking our English bulldog to CHAH and since then we have moved but we are still bringing her back because everyone takes great care of her and everyone knows her there.  She's like the CHAH celebrity because every time we bring her in everyone shouts her name and rushes out to greet her.  Makes me feel so good that my baby is getting the best care possible and they are very decently prices for boarding.  Five stars for CHAH!
I saw an ad on craigslist for free shots and free exams so I took my puppy here for his shots and everyone was very attentive. They accept walk ins so I didn't have to make an appointment. The only thing that bothered me was one of the receptionists'. I can hear her complaining about a customer after she got off the phone with her to other employees. She got an attitude a few times also with other customers also. Other then that, I highly recommend this place especially Mrs. Katherine A, a veterinarian there. She answered my questions and didn't make me feel rushed.
This place was always very friendly to me and my dog Dakota. They were especially accommodating to walk ins as I lead a very hectic lifestyle with tons of spur of the moment travel arrangements for work making it very tricky for me to make myself available for an appointment a week from now. The folks here would always welcome me when I happened to have some spare time to get my dog checked out (no appointment). My boy always received excellent care at a reasonable price.  When it came time to put him down, they were extra accommodating considering that day came on NYE with very little warning. They moved around doctors schedules and even offered to do a house call with virtually no notice.   AMAZING!!  They let me stay in the room "as long as you need" once the procedure was performed. I balled my eyes out with my boy for 40 minutes undisturbed by staff.  They had me take care of the bill up front so I could literally just sneak out the back door when I was done grieving (for now).  Then I received the nicest card in the world from them just a couple of weeks later having been signed by the entire staff. Now that's a nice touch during literally the hardest time in my life.    Thanks Centennial Hills Animal Hospital!!
Love this Vet''' They came to ''' My home when my  Naver got sick and had to go over the rainbow bridge" I in fact had been useing another vet at this time' and because of the way they handled this type of situation. Not very good'' I was told about Centennial Hills Vet and Loved everyone there'' They even sent me a card afterward''' I will be bringing my new puppy to them:}
This place deserves 0 stars.  They're the worst vet I have been to.  First time I went there, I had to wait for 2 hours before seeing the vet for literally 3 minutes.  He barely spoke to me and whizzed out of the room.  I had some questions to ask him about my Yorkie, but he didn't have any time for me.  This is what I waited 2 hours and paid $100 for?  I was new to the area and this was the closest vet, so I decided to stay with them.  My dog fell and she was limping badly on one leg, so I took her to this place.  Another vet, very inexperienced, insisted that my dog had a luxated patella.  My previous vet in NJ had told me that my dog's knees were good about a year ago.  She recommended immediate surgery done at their facility by an outside orthopedic surgeon.  My dad's a doctor and looked at the Xrays and didn't think my dog had a luxated patella.  My dog's pet insurance doesn't cover luxated patella surgeries, so we would have to foot the $2300 bill ourselves.      We took her to Buffalo Alta Animal Hospital for a second opinion.  Dr. Hamm, a great vet and I highly recommend him, took one look at her and immediately suspected that my dog ripped her ACL.  X-rays confirmed his suspicions.  He said that her patellas were not luxated at all.  However, b/c her torn ACL went untreated and was not detected immediately, she might develop other problems and recommended immediate surgery.  He referred us to the same orthopedic surgery place as CHAH did.  Dr. Hamm sent over my dog's X-rays to the orthopedic surgeon to make sure his diagnosis was correct and received confirmation.  I asked him if she should have the surgeon on site at his practice, and he said no, b/c he didn't have the proper equipment and these surgeries shouldn't be done anywhere else but at the orthopedic surgery facility.  Vets who recommend doing surgeries at their own facilities are just looking to charge more money because they get to charge for using their facilities.   My dog had surgery to get her ACL repaired two days later.  She recovered beautifully.  My pet insurance also reimbursed me about 75% of the cost b/c torn ACLs were covered.      I called CHAH and complained that they misdiagnosed my dog and b/c of their mistake, my pet insurance refused to reimburse the over $300 bill.  They refuse to admit that they were wrong or change their records.  No apology, nothing.  Needless to say, I never went back there again.  I'm a loyal patron of Buffalo Alta AH now.  Bottom line, Centennial Hills Animal Hospital is GREEDY, INEXPERIENCED, RUDE, AND DON'T CARE ABOUT THEIR PATIENTS.  OUR BELOVED PETS ARE ONLY CASH COWS TO THEM.  DO NOT GO THERE.
I have to take my dog to the vet again and I am so hesitant of vets because of this place. Taking our dog to this place was the worst mistake ever! If you don't have a couple thousand dollars sitting there for them to take they will try to make you feel like you don't care about your pet. They will tell you all this stuff that they need to do that has nothing to do with why you took them there, and if you don't agree they make you feel like you are putting your animal at risk.   We took my dog in for a cut on her foot and her foot was slightly swollen. They took my dog and did X-rays and ivs and kept her overnight. We got horrible attitude from the vet because we didn't want to agree to let them keep her for 3 nights until we knew what she needed. Her reason for wanting to keep her was in case they needed to do tests and more tests.... she had a cut on her foot! Ahhh!!! God only knows what that would have added up to! We told her that if our dog needed anything else done to let us know and we would see what we could do. (We had already agreed to their $800 just for the one night) On our way home she called and said that everything came back perfect and we could pick her up the next day.   I thought she was actually being nice at this point..... I was horribly mistaken.  When we arrived we waited and waited to see our dog. When she walked into the room there was no bandage or anything on her foot. When I asked the vet if my dog would be fine to leave like that, she advised that they just took the bandage off before I got there.... maybe out of spite? So I asked again if she was good to go like that and the vet then advised that her foot could have used stitches, but since we said we couldn't pay for more that they didn't do anything. When I reminded her that I had told her that if my dog needed any more to let me know and we would see what we could do, all she did was repeat that we said we couldn't do it so they didn't do anything.   What a snotty little brat vet!    At that point I was so upset that we left.....after telling her what I thought about her little attitude...... I couldn't listen to another word she had to say. She couldn't care less about animals. All she cared about was how much money she could get out of us and when she didn't get what she wanted, she threw a temper tantrum and acted like a brat.   Please don't take your animal here. I feel awful for leaving her there! All I can hope is that they actually took care of her while she was there and that she didn't have to suffer cause this vet didn't get what she wanted.    I hope this helps someone else from making the same mistake that we did.
Our dogs have been taken care of for the past 8+years...I'm confused by all the bad reviews, of course during holidays or after 8:30am they can be busy but the front always does their best to get people in and out in a timely fashion.  We adore DR Brady VanderLind but all the Vet's are good. The Tech's are the BEST; very friendly & caring!   They have great follow up...  We even moved to Summerlin 2years ago & found no one to replace them so we drive out of the way for their services!
New to Las Vegas and have used this and one other vet, also very good but on the other side of town,. Love this place. They made me and my pups feel comfortable from the beginning. I feel comfortable in trusting them with my dogs care if there was an emergency and every day care. Plus their prices are great!
We found an abandoned dog on a highway in the middle of nowhere about 2.5 hours from Vegas. We decided to bring her to the vet to see of she was alright, get shots, etc.     The front desk staff are very friendly and helpful, answering all of the questions we had. I think the front desk manager's name is Linda, and she was wonderful.     The veterinarian we had, Brady Vanderlind was very kind, and made sure the dog was okay. He gave us information about insurance, quotes on future shots, spaying, etc.     The prices are very reasonable, compared to where we are from (we are visiting Vegas for a few months), and if you are a new client, the first medical exam and rabies shot is free. Our total for a check up, 4 vaccines, and a fecal exam to see if she has any parasites came to 55$ +tax!     If we decide to keep the dog, and travel back home with her, we will definitely go back to Centennial Hills! The employees were are great to us and our possible new family member!
Centennial Hills Animal Hospital has been very good to us. We have taken our bulldog here a few times and our dog has been treated great every time. We always deal with Dr. Brady Vanderlind and he is absolutely wonderful. Dr. Vanderlind is extremely knowledgeable, friendly, and has an answer and a solution for all of our dogs problems. We have an English Bulldog with multiple issues so it is very important to us that we have someone that knows what's going on.     I highly recommend Dr. Vanderlind to anyone with any type of pet as from what I have experienced he will have a solution and be extremely friendly in the process.
I have nothing but high praise for this clinic.  Our little one was attacked by a dog that jumped our fence.  This happened at 7 pm, long after most clinics have closed. The staff and the vet were wonderful and helped to ease this mom's mind.      Big plus to the fact that they open at 6:30am and close at 7:30.
My dog has now had both knees operated on here and the did a good job both times with the dog and me. Not a fun time but they took very good care of him. I also board him here when I am out of town and the prices and quality blow away the others places.
My Bulldog was having some discharge coming from her eye and it was clearly irritated. I wasn't sure if it was just conjunctivitis, the beginning of prolapse, or something else?   I took her to Centennial Hills Animal Hospital, as it is the closest vet to my house and that is where my dog has had her shots and she has also been boarded there before. Other than sometimes having to wait a ridiculous amount of time somedays, I haven't had any complaints about CHAH, of course I haven't had any major issues with my dog before either.     I was shown into a room where I waited for about 10 min. When a vet tech came in, not a vet. I had to tell her what was going on with my dogs eye, when she proceeded to look right at her eye and tell me that it wasn't conjunctivitis and then tell me she would be back with my dog because she was going to take her in the back and have the vet do a stain on the eye to make sure there wasn't a cut on the eye.   Um, what? So just like that, I don't even get to talk to a vet at all, and you are telling me what is not wrong with my dogs eye!!   Then about 10 min. later the vet tech returns with a price break down of the high and low costs of the tests that they want to do to my dogs eye, but wait I haven't even seen or talked to a vet yet!!! Then she says also your dogs feet don't look normal so you should have us test those too! Huh? I am here for her eye, and I am just trying to see a fricking VET, and I am only getting a vet tech! What the heck! I told her I would have to call my husband and review all the costs with him.   About 10 min. later the Vet, Brady Vanderlind finally comes in! He then goes over the high and low costs of the tests they want to do and makes me sign on the test I choose. Then he goes and finally does the eye stain. The whole time my poor dog was in the back probably freaking out :-/   When they are done with the eye stain the vet tech brings my dog back into the room and takes her foot and says are you you don't want us to test this, because its NOT normal! NO, I don't want you to test my dogs feet! I know what it is, and despite what you think, I am not a moron!   Dr. Vanderlind prescribed some drops for my dog. He said that if they didn't work she would have to have surgery on her eyelid. Of course the drops didn't work.     I wound up taking her to Dessert Inn Animal Hospital to see Dr. Dennis Arn. He is a Bulldog specialist. I should have gone to him to begin with, as he has helped us in the past and he is a wonderful vet. I just hate that he is so far away. Lesson learned! I don't care how far I have to drive! It is worth the drive, to see a vet and not a vet tech and not to be hustled and harassed about stuff you are not even there for!! Not to mention you get quality vet care the first time, every time!   Dr Arn was able to help my dog and guess what, she doesn't need surgery.... amazing!!
When I moved to Vegas two years ago, I needed a good vet for my (at the time) one dog.    Now two years later, and two dogs in, I'd never go anywhere else for dog care.    The staff are very friendly, good humored, and conversational.  I primarily use Dr. Robinson and Dr. Hall, and they are about as sweet as they can be.  They are excellent caretakers for dogs.  I own two terriers, and neither dog are jazzed about people poking and prodding them, but the staff is very patient and gentle with my pets.    My littlest terrier, Junie, is... shall we say  very overprotective of me.  To put it mildly, if the entire living population were to be somehow wiped off the face of the Earth leaving only her and I, I think she'd be just fine with that.  As a result, she gets a little nippy with the doctors at times.     You can tell that the doctors know how to handle more "spirited" animals, and within a few minutes, they can actually get Junie calmed down and relaxed to do what they need to.  My other dog, Sophie, has been in her fair share of misadventures, but they're had to patch up Junie after some of her more reckless outings (such as encounter with a cactus), before she's bouncing off for more trouble again.  Oh, I've been teased for some of Junie's antics they've had to repair, but I appreciate the humor.    Again, the service is wonderful and very attentive.  The staff is friendly, and the care reflects in their work.  If you want genuinely nice people to take care of your favorite furballs, you can't do much better than this place.
Trust. Your animals are your babies. It's your best friend who's waiting at the door when you come home or your kitty curling in your lap. They don't have the ability to take care of themselves so you need to trust someone who can do that. The people at Rainbow Animal Hospital as such people.    For the past several years my fianc and I have taken our two Cairn Terriers to see Dr. Robinson. Imagine a doctor and a cheerleader merged together. While that sounds like an unusual combination, imagine the intelligence and wisdom of a doctor with the enthusiasm and friendly demeanor of a cheerleader.     Every time we've been with Dr. Robinson and her staff they have treated us and our doggies with the best care I've ever seen. Our doggies aren't exactly happy to be at the vet (one especially) but they always seem calm around Dr. Robinson and her staff. I guess it's true that dogs can sense good people.    Over the years our dogs have had ear infections, limps, cactus in their fur, and of course the required checkups. Every time Dr. Robinson has provided excellent care. Also to note, every time we've done the wait time has been minimal. It's not an in and out operation but rather a place that knows how to run well and efficiently.     One would think such a place charges a paw and a tail for treatment. Not so! The prices are usually lower than we expect and we've certainly paid more so worse service with other vets.    My only trouble in writing this review is I have nothing bad to say and hence I wonder if people will think it's legit. Well it is. Every now and then there's a place of business where they do everything right and to give anything less than a five star review would be dishonest and disrespectful to the wonderful job Dr. Robinson and the entire staff gives every time we go or whenever we have a question on the phone.    In short, if you want a place you can trust to take care of your furry children, consider Rainbow Animal Hospital.
our little guy wasn't feeling good on a sunday afternoon - he was vomiting, shaking, and couldn't walk.  our normal vet was closed so we took him to animal emergency.  they were quoting us almost $700 for tests which we just couldn't afford.  we explained our situation to them so they referred us to rainbow animal hospital -- one of the few vet offices open on sundays.    rainbow immediately saw us.  we probably waited only 5 or 10 minutes.  dr. vensand and his vet tech were so gentle and thorough when examining our pup.  the doc took his time to answer any questions i had and also was very kind and sympathetic to the state that our dog was in.  i really appreciated the service here.    they were honest and told us we only needed a blood and urine test (much less than what the emergency was asking for).  we ended up paying about 200 - thank god!    the office itself is small and a little dated - but the workers and service are excellent!    we will continue to stay in touch with rainbow animal hospital.  if we move closer to that area, we'll make it our primary.
I started coming here with my two dogs eight years ago when I moved to Las Vegas. I had a great vet back home and was nervous about taking them to someone new, but the staff and vets at this office are all great! The vets always take the time to explain everything, and and the girls at the front desk always seem to be able to fit us into the schedule - even when we call last minute. I wish I got care this good at my doctor's office!
I continued to take my Yorkie, Jigga, to this vet becuase it's where his old owner took him. As soon as we walked in on our first visit we were greeted by Shelly. Dr. Wolf is the absolute best and she tells it like it is. I was worried about my dogs allergies and didn't want to continue paying for his $60 meds as his old mom did and Dr. Wolf prescribed a med that works just as good. I will continue taking him there for the exceptional customer service and honesty.
I am an animal lover; my dogs are my children. My dog got into a bad confrontation with a larger dog (we believe), he had a large hole you could see through in his leg, and he needed surgery right away.     At first, we went to a 24 hour emergency veterinary clinic not too far away from our apartment. Our child was seen, we discussed the bill, and they told us Rainbow Animal Clinic would be a lot cheaper. We waited outside in the car with our torn and bleeding fur child until the Rainbow Animal Clinic office was officially open at 8am. It was on a Sunday.     My dog's paper work had already been faxed over from the 24 hour clinic, but we had to fill out more paper work for Rainbow Animal Hospital. After all of that, we were sat in a room with our child, and it was time for him to be weighed. The receptionist attempted to grab my baby and weigh him, but he doesn't like people handling him certain ways and he freaked out on her. I damn near cried because I know he was in pain from the accident, and he was in even more pain because she tried to grab him the wrong way. I was furious. Why not let me set him on the weighing scale myself??? After he was weighed, she rushed away to get the Veterinarian.     Our Veterinarian, Dr. Alric Vesand, was amazing. He took great care of our little guy. If it weren't for the Veterinarian, we probably would have went back to the 24 hour emergency hospital (the prices were about the same, expensive). I call every so often to talk to our Veterinarian about our dog, and most of the time he is available to talk. When he is not available, the receptionist leave him a message and his response time is incredible.    Overall, I recommend this animal hospital. I'll be bringing my kids here from now on. A word of advice, if you're bringing in an injured pet, ask the receptionist if you can sit your pet on the scale, yourself.
Found this place via Yelp. It wasn't the closest clinic to my house, but it was worth the drive to go where they give good care.     My dog saw Dr. Vensand and was treated with care. Milo went in for an eye problem and we got a referral to a canine ophthalmologist (eye specialist). Everything was explained very clearly and Milo was made as at ease as possible (he tends to be a bit nervous as a rule).     As the previous reviewers state, this place is very neat and clean, the staff is very kind and friendly. I was able to get an appointment right away. I called them this morning at 8:30am and they put Milo in at 12:30 (mind you, today is Sunday!)     In case anyone wondered, this clinic accepts major credit cards as well as Care Credit, cash and personal check (established clients). New clients and clients less than a year with the clinic are unable to pay by personal check.     The office visit charge was $46 and the other testing and workup were additional. Personally, I think that this is pretty fair for quality care. We were going to get some vaccinations done (Rabies, Parvo etc updated), but since we aren't certain what's going on with the eye, we will wait, but the vaccines are only about $10 a piece. Keep in mind, that if you go in for shots, you will be charged the base office visit, plus the charge for the shots.    I wanted to mention all of this stuff, because these are things that I find helpful when I'm looking for a vet clinic: Reputation, friendliness, cleanliness, kindness, competence and cost.     I definitely recommend this place and I will be returning with my other dog soon!
I've been taking my dog to Dr. Brian Hammes for over 9 years. He always takes great care of my dog. He's extremely knowledgeable and has earned my trust years ago with the care he takes for my dog.  Toni is always friendly and helpful with scheduling and checkups.  I'd recommend Buffalo Alta Animal Hospital to anyone who cares about their pets!
I recently moved to Vegas and of course besides doctors for the two legged members of your family you need one for the four legged members. The facts are:   I have one that needs her anal glands expressed every two months.  This was accomplished at this clinic.  I took the little one to the dog park.  She passed blood in her BM.  It has never happened before.and she is 7 years old ...so 42 times never happened...just saying
today was my first time going to that clinic, I was surprised with how gentle and hospitable both the nurse and doctor were when interacting with my puppy.
I first met them when my young dog passed literally in our hands there.  I have had dogs for four decades, am from Chicago, my father was a physician,,,,so we've seen the best.  Toni and all at Buffalo Animal Hospital are like family.  I've never met such warm wonderful people as them.  Thanks for being you!!
Beware!!! We took our dogs to this animal hospital for a few months, it was good at first until all of the doctors started leaving and the new ones were terrible. The new doctors were not personable and seemed to not really care about the dogs or us. We boarded our dogs there for a holiday weekend and spent almost $300 to have them cared for, fed, walked, and also bathed. When we returned our dogs were given back to us covered in feces and shaking, the person who brought them out to us said "I wouldnt want them in my car, good luck", and walked away. Also their toys and blankets they promised us they would have were returned to us in a plastic bag still brand new and smelling of laundry detergent so they never got to have them. I called the director of the hospital and talked with him about the situation and he basically told me that they did me a favor watching my dogs and that we should be happy about that. It took several conversations and me threatening to contact animal control and the bbb before he refunded us our money. The dogs were traumatized for about a week before they were themselves again. STAY AWAY FROM HERE!!!!!!
I moved to the West side of the city about a year ago, and I've been taking my dog here since then.  Their hours are very accommodating for those of us that work standard Monday-Friday 9a-5p jobs, which I appreciate so I don't have to take a work day off or take a weekend day to get a vet visit in (though I will if it comes down to it!).  My dog has gone in for shots, for diagnostics when I had a minor nervous breakdown about cherry eye (I'm good now, no worries), and my dog is going in for a dental cleaning later this month.  Great vets, great staff, great hours.
We've been coming here for a month and a half since this was recommended by a friend and its fairly close to home. Our dog had been having seizures and since it was a Sunday, this was one of the many places that was open. We had Dr. Meaux  and he seemed very knowledgable about dogs with seizures. He took a lot of time to explain the different scenarios that we could do for treatment and he just listened to our concerns. He called a couple days later to check on the dog. I've taken the dog back for a nail trim and their  prices are very resonable. We had to take in the boyfriend's family dog  for a full set of vaccines yesterday and the total came out to be under 50 bucks with a dr. exam. I give them 5 stars for their reasonable prices and their customer service!
I took both of my dogs here for some of their shots &  check ups and the staff has always been great.  The prices are cheaper than previous vets I have gone too.  When my friend brought her boy dog over for a little he got a little too close to my dog & decided to mate, before I decided to get her fixed.  I was not planning on breeding her, but when I took her to this vet they talked me through everything & gave me some tips on things to do to help my dog stay healthy while nursing.  When she had the puppies one of them was too small & they helped me do everything I could to help the puppy survive. I don't have one complaint about them, besides the fact that they couldn't move to Henderson with me!
We had to put our dog down and they were very professional and made the decision easier. I highly recommend them. Dr B is a great vet
When we first moved to town 4 years ago, we took our dogs to Durango Animal Hospital.  The only reason we left was because the bill was always way more than they had told us originally, and it happened every time.  After the Aloha Animal Hospital nightmare, we decided to return to Durango Animal Hospital.  I guess we can live with the bill always being way more than we are told, as long as they take good care of our dogs.
Took my 15 year old mutt in to be neutered.  I have tried Town Center Animal Hospital, West Flamingo ( my favorite vet left town), and VCA in the past.  None of those places matched the care I was use to in Southern California. I went in very skeptical, and scared for my baby who needed this surgery.  To my delight, I found a great vet, Dr McDermott, and a great staff.  They were caring, patient, and not too expensive.  $250 for neutering, teeth cleaning ( i think it was a special),  pain pills, and a cone.  My dog is now acting like he did 5years ago, no issues, no problems with the surgery.  Thank You Durango Animal Hospital!!!!    On another note, West Flamingo AH does have a terrific cancer care vet- Dr Macy.
I have been meaning to write this review for awhile but kept forgetting. Taking my Rocky to them this morning reminded me how awesome everyone there is!     I first found Durango Animal Hospital because I woke up one Sunday morning and Rocky was not behaving like his normal self. He was really lethargic, and didn't even want to go on his walk! This was definitely not like him. When I tried to pick him up (hes only 15 lbs), he yelped like he was in pain so I knew I had to find a vet and take him in. I searched on yelp for a vet that was open on Sunday's and found them! I called in first and they said to bring him in anytime.     I adopted Rocky and he is deathly afraid of men, so I was a little worried because they only had 2 male vets working that day. Knowing he was sick, I took the risk, and I'm glad I did. He saw Dr. B. and he was very gentle with him. They ran some tests and we realized that he just must have eaten something bad that was giving him a tummy ache. So I took him home and watched to make sure he would get better within 24 hours. Dr. B personally called me the next day to see how Rocky was doing too. That call sealed the deal!! I love that personal touch, and made me realize that they really cared about how their pet patients were doing.     When I had to take him in to get shots, I was so impressed by their personal care, I bought him back (even though its pretty far from my house). I saw Dr. B. again, and Rocky even licked and let him pet him! This was a first. We were in and out of there so quickly which is a plus for this Puppy Momma on the run! I had to take him in again this morning for a set of different shots. Dr. B. was off, so we saw someone else. This time Rocky was a little cranky and would let the vet touch him, but he sent in a female tech to assist him. Once again, they were fast and efficient! I took out my phone to tweet, and before I could even type, they were bringing Rocky back in saying he was all set! I love it!     The girls in the front are all so nice and personal too. I really can't say enough about the great service they provide here. They truly care about the well being of your puppy, and that means a lot!
We have been bringing our dogs here for years. Dr C. operated on our dog's hip a few years ago. We have always been happy with the doctors. Today we took our dogs in for shots. We had an appointment but had to wait almost a half hour in a room with our dogs getting more and more nervous. When my husband went out to ask how  much longer it would be he got a very snotty "We"ll get to you when we get to you!"  When he asked how the sequence of who gets seen first worked, she was even ruder. I heard the way she was talking to my husband from the room and nicely asked for our dog's records.  We will be finding a new animal hospital. They acted like they sure don't need out business. Very sad!  I'm sure the doctors won't even know their staff drives away long-time customers. Look elsewhere for good customer service.
On February 12th, 2013 my 14 1/2 year old dog  passed away.  Dr. McDermott at Durango Animal Hospital did everything that he could for her.  In the toughest of times, he is a very compassionate and understanding Dr.  We could not have asked for more.  I will pay what ever it is, I know I was upset with them at one point because the bills are always higher than quoted, but now I realize that her having the best care was priceless.  Money doesn't matter, only your beloved matters.  We have an eight year old too,  I will not let him be seen by anyone other Dr. McDermott.
Dr. Christopher Schneider is the best!  He's very informative and answers all your questions.  He doesn't try to rush you so that he can get to the next appointment.  If he doesn't know the answer, then he will refer to someone who will.  For example, my dog was having serious eye ulcer problems, and the medicine that we were using wasn't enough.  So he referred me to Las Vegas Veterinary Hospital where his eye ulcers where taken care of.  My dog also has regular issues like skin problems, ear, and anal glands problems.  Dr, Schneider is always nice and treats my dog with care.      Dr. Schneider has been my dog's doctor for more than half of his life.  I recommend seeing him as your pet's doctor.
Update:  Now there are a bunch of new doctors here...Dr. Christopher Schneider was my go to doctor and he is not there anymore.. he left to cali :(   :(   So now I see Dr. McDermott.  He is one the original doctors still there.  Dr Schneider said that he is leaving me in good hands with Dr. McDermott.  He's very professional and gives great advice and information.  Also, I give my dog a vegan diet and he's open to that idea and not condescending.    So I recommend seeing Dr. McDermott.  :)
I have been going to this vet office for 5 years. The service and prices are unbeatable!!! I will go nowhere else with my dog. They do not just want to take your money like most places, they truly care about your animals and their well being. :) HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!! Love all of the vets I've met with thus far.
Today was my first visit to Durango Animal Hospital and I it was a really great experience.  From the time I walked in till the time I left, nothing but great customer service.  I never had a new born puppy, and Allyson was very informative and answered all of my concerns. I'm so glad my friend recommended me to Durango Animal Hospital. If you're looking for a place with affordable rates and great service, stop in and see why Durango Animal Hospital is the best.
Love this place. I bring my english bulldog here. Just left and it's a Sunday, because they have great hours. 'Fudge' has mites (gross). The doctor was so cool they let me go in back and see the disgusting parasites under the scope feasting on my boys back!! Whatever it was awesome and they are really good to my boy!
Update, they did not charge me for the extra night, which was the right thing to do, although I was surprised when I picked them up to find that there was a mandatory $20 fecal exam for each dog - which I understand, I just would like for it to not be a surprise charge. Again, they do a GREAT job as a vet, I just wish they had a better system to giving you the information you need and charges you are going to incur beforehand so it isn't a surprise .  There's a lot of information to give, maybe a one sheet a the time you drop off your dogs would be good and cover everything?      ___  Original Review:  I want to like this place, as a vet and price wise they are good so far, but with respect to the front desk staff there is something to be desired. I told them when they were dropped off that I was picking my dogs up from boarding tonight around 7:30, no one ever said "we are only open until 5pm", they said there was someone with them 24 hours.  I've now driven 45 minute each way out of my way only to find that my dogs have to spend the night again (the technician is "locked inside") and I can pick them up at 6am and have to pay for an additional night of boarding.  Not to mention my dogs had surgery and I'm sure are very scared and just want to be home, which is the worst part.
Usually they're good. Not today that's for sure. So irritated. Long story short my dog goes in once a week for a mite bath. Last week it was $48, this week it was $50. It's the principal.     I also wanted them to cut his nails today. They say they did but I know they didn't, they look exactly the same. Had receptionist confirm they were cut, came back saying they did but since the quick was so long...ok, if the quick is so long why cut them at all? I'm well aware of the quick btw. Why not wait until next time when they've grown a little more rather than charge me for doing nothing. Makes no sense. I wanted them to take him back and cut them again. If I'm not happy with something make it right.  Nope, I paid and now I'm pissed.     Lastly nobody calls me to tell me they're done with the dog. I have to call them. Usually atleast twice. First time they left me on hold so long I hung up. I don't know what their problem was today but what a disappointment.
Not to happy after I picked up my babies. We let them board here over the weekend. We got the nail trim and courtesy bathe.  When I picked them up they looked so nice and clean. But when we got home I notice they smelled like pee and there was dry poop on one of my babies back. My other baby had dry poop near his butt. I'm not even sure if they trim my dogs nails it's all filthy.   So I just had to give them a bath Myself. I thought about it.... I'm pretty sure this is this the last time I'm bringing them here. This is the 3rd time my Babies came out like this. I must say I back then in 2007-2011 this place was great. Now not so great. Sorry!
We brought my step daughter's dog in for a check-up.  The Doctor was very professional, and accurately assessed that her dog was likely suffering from cancer, but took some samples for testing.  The samples ended up being positive and we had to put our buddy down.  The staff and doctor were incredibly sensitive and compassionate.  The cremation services were very convenient and the sympathy card was enough to bring tears to the eyes of all.  We sincerely appreciate their handling of a difficult moment in our life and will be using them for our other animals when needed.    Thank you Durango!
I had a horrible and heartbreaking experience with this place. I brought my 14 year old dog there on a Tuesday afternoon upon the recommendation of my veterinarian. He started vomiting and was very lethargic a few days after having a dental cleaning at my veterinarian's office the previous Thursday. Up until the dental cleaning he was the picture of health. Within a few days he became very ill and I took him right away to the veterinary clinic where he had gone his entire life. After a full day at the vet's office he was not responding well to the fluids and drugs they gave him and they decided he needed 24 hour care and referred him to VetMed. VetMed wanted $750 immediately and then made us sign a bill for another $2500 and said they would be doing an ultrasound to determine what was wrong. Then the next day we got the bad news that he had an abscess on his liver which they were going to treat with drugs. On Thursday he was not responding to the drugs and wanted him to have surgery to remove the abscess and my husband had to go there and give them another $4,000. They performed the surgery on Thursday and by Friday he was not breathing on his own and passed away of a heart attack on Friday. They called my husband to tell him the bad news on Friday. I never received a call from the place telling me how sorry they were and never heard a thing from them. Today a week later someone from their office left a message in a very cheerful voice telling me my dog was ready to be picked up. Of course they were referring to his ashes. This has been the most distressing and heartbreaking thing I have gone through since the death of my mother from a brain tumor. I feel this place totally takes advantage of people when they know they will do anything for their pet. Here is the link to my review of Pinnacle Peak Animal Hospital http://www.yelp.com/biz/pinnacle-peak-animal-hospital-scottsdale#hrid:2FCh21xqWzn5DHjyeGujqA
My dog was having seizures and needed immediate attention.  Dr. Grant and her technicians were soothing, courteous and knowledgeable.  Henry was admitted quickly and I was able to visit him and have all my questions answered.  I took Henry to VetMed because my wife, who is a veterinarian, was unavailable  to treat him and she said I could trust the doctors there completely.  Henry was in the hospital for 24 hours, and was well taken care of.  Thank you Dr. Grant and Staff!
I can't say enough good things about Dr. Bowers and the staff at Johnson Ranch Animal Clinic. My beloved Ginger got sick and ultimately had to be put to sleep last week. Everyone was so wonderful to me and to Ginger. You can see that threy truly care about the animals. One of the vet techs even gave her a kiss on the head after completing her IV. As hard as this was for me, they all really made it as bearable as possible with such excellent care of me and my dog.
What an impressive clinic! I still can't get over how well I (and my dog) were treated. Beginning to end the service was excellent. Dr Schmidt and the staff were very kind and thorough and never made me feel rushed. All my questions were answered and my dog responded quickly to the treatment provided. All this with a bill that didn't knock me over! I highly recommend Johnson Animal Clinic to anyone who want's to provide their furry family members with top notch care.
We moved to San Tan Valley about 10 years ago.  We have taken our dogs to a couple of different veterinarians including the one in Queen Creek and the newer one at Combs Road.  For some reason, neither of these really impressed us. Somebody suggested we try the Johnson Ranch Animal Clinic and I am happy we did.  We really like Dr. Schmidt and all the staff for that matter.  These people truly love their little clients. They have treated my dogs with compassion and gentleness. One of my dogs, Rusty, was suffering from a discharge from the eyes.  The previous vet did not know what the problem was. Dr. Schmidt diagnosed  Rusty with a form of dry-eye and prescribed an eye drop that needed to be specially compounded by the pharmacy.  We have been using this medicine and Rusty's eyes are much improved.  All in all, a very impressive experience.  We will be back.
Never again will I take my dog to a place where she is treated like dirt, the staff at the desk is very nice and helpful, the vet not so much...very high strung man that obviously does not like big dogs, my baby was nervous and scared, and he made it worse by being very forceful with her and then proceeded NOT to do the check up and shots we needed done because she was scared of him....we just moved here from out of state so it was heartbreaking for the first place I find to be so horrible to us and our dog...we love our dog more than our own selves so to see someone refuse to give her shots and check ups was devastating ...we have never had a problem with anyone before this, I will never recommend anyone here...the rest of our day was ruined and now I am stuck, not knowing where or who to go to.
Clean place, crazy expensive.  It cost almost $200 just to have a suffering dog put down, talk about GOUGING.  Oh, and no that did not include cremation it was just a shot.
Terrible experience today. I had called last Friday hoping to be able to take my two dogs in to get updated on their shots and to do a general wellness check. we set an appointment for the following Monday at 4:00. I showed up at 3:45 thinking I would have some paperwork to fill out. Upon arrival I was told there was no record of an appointment for me... I was confused but just figured they would find a way to make it work, after all I know I had made the appointment and if they made a mistake you would think they would fix it to make it right. So the lady at the front desk disappears into the back to apparently discuss with the doctor. After waiting 10-15 minutes she returns and apologizes for the wait. She had apparently "got caught on a phone call in the back". She goes on to explain there was no room in the schedule for us and we would have to reschedule! Good thing I didn't plan my day around this visit! I told her to forget it. There are other vets in the area that will get my business.
I am not sure what happened, I used to love this place, I have taken my dog here for years and they have always been my only choice of vets. I Pass 3 other vets on the way here and I have always recommended this place over all others. We travel out of town a few times a year and have always left our dog here for safekeeping. I should have known something was up when the girl at the front counter was indifferent and seemed like she wanted to be anywhere but at work. So we tell her we will be back to pick up the dog on Saturday at 3 and she wrote it down. Flash forward to Saturday at 3 and the place is closed, doors locked, lights off. You would have figured she would have given me a heads up that they closed at 1 on Saturday so to pick up the dog at 3 would not be possible. I called and of course no answer but I leave a message that I was not happy I could not get my dog now until Monday. You would have thought someone might have called me to apologize but no. I guess they have enough business without mine.
Inept!    Brought our dog in for a consistent cough.    The vet we saw here "Jessi" should have her license revoked. I wont go into too much mud slinging here but im sorry when you need to bring your dog in 3x for tests, xrays you should expect to get somewhere with the treatment.    This doctor treated our dog for Heartworm, Kennel Cough and Valley Fever. She had NONE OF THEM.    She kindly charged us for blood tests etc for all of these ailments only to finally say "I don't know maybe you should take her to a specialist".    The specialist said she had a bone in her throat stuck and removed it.    BAD VETERINARIAN!!!
We recently took our dog to Emergency Animal Clinic because she was jaundiced, lethargic, and not eating. Dr. Kelly Hehn evaluated her right away due to her serious condition. He diagnosed her with Evan's Syndrome and suggested that we leave her there overnight for care and support. We can't thank Dr. Hehn enough for the love and care he provided our little girl! She is still fighting this terrible disease but I wanted to say thank you to Dr. Hehn and staff at Emergency Animal Clinic for helping us during such a difficult time!
We had to bring our fur baby back for a second visit when our vet could not fit her in and she did not seem as sick until she started vomiting very early 6/29/12.  I knew she couldnt wait for her scheduled vet appointment that day.  It was the day before payday and I gave them every last penny I had because she was in renal failure at this point.  I asked the doctor who was Dr. Sarah Carotenuto if they could take a check to deposit in 24 hours when I was able to get my husbands check in the bank as I am disabled and not able to work.  She said they could not do that.  So through my tears I said: "What am I supposed to do just let me dog die because I do not have money until tomorrow."  I was completely horrified, shocked and many more things when she replied:  "It sucks I know"  I was mortified and at that point wanted my dog out of there ASAP.  I literally was horrified.  I had no intention not to pay I just needed a few more hours for they money they wanted and the compassion my fur baby deserved to save her life.  NEVER AGAIN!
We have come here many times over the years and have always encountered friendly and knowledgable staff. One time we brought in our German Shepherd who had been diagnosed a week earlier with a tumor that was growing by taking his blood. We knew he didn't have long left to live but kept him home because he wasn't suffering. Well we knew when his time had come when he collapsed. We rushed him to the emergency animal clinic. Someone met us in the parking lot as we were carrying our 100 lb dog and they took him to the back. We waited in a separate waiting room and we had a chance to say goodbye. The vet, vet techs and front desk staff were sensitive and sympathetic. We've had several end of pet life visits here-they always seem to happen in the middle of the night. During some of the hardest times of our life the staff has always been professional as well as sympathetic. They always send a sympathy card afterwards too. We've also been here several times for less dramatic problems and always had good experiences. Highly recommended.
This place does not even deserve one star. We took our 3 pound baby chihuahua there with severe head trauma and all they could talk about was the money they wanted up front. They were not willing to work with us on payments or even willing to wait until the next morning for payment! They even tried to send us away with our critically injured dog! Of course to save our dogs life we paid them the $1100 they charged to give her pain meds and keep her for observation. But that money was only enough for 12 hours!  We were told to come up with $800-$1000 more the next day! We took our baby out of there first thing in the morning and went to our normal vet. NEVER EVER will we go back there. Selfish heartless money hungry unprofessional people!
This facility is privately owned.  No where to to go with complaints.  Refusal to be courteous and to refund monies for meds I had previously purchased.  Made me pay for the med I didnt need.  RUDE DISCOURTIOUS HATEFUL.  I will never go there again.  My small 6 pound dog had extensive dental work.  I didn't see the dr before leaving.  No follow up appointment. Bad service.  No where to go with complaint as they are privately owned.  $467.00 later I'm totally upset and wonder how they remain in business. Buyer BEWARE!
Went there to get my puppy checked to make sure he's in good health since I had a Free Exam and Consultation office visit with my adoption started kit. Long story short, I left there unimpressed and disappointed. I didn't even get the consultation. She knew this was my first time owning a dog and she kept asking me if there's something else I needed. I was hoping to have her advice me on what I needed to know and be aware with his type of breed. I left there the same way I went in. It felt like talking to someone that doesn't have any experience or knowledge with their line of work. So it was hard to talk to her. Then the doctor came in and gave me the same vibe. He was very standoffish and straight to the point. It shows Dr. Jarred Forrest doesn't enjoy his job. Won't be going there again. They're not interested/skilled in making you feel taken care of and making sure you leave well informed.
stacey hoffman is the best. i take my animals there when they need a second opinion, all of them have been to see her. she took a rock out of my bloodhound's stomach and he walked out of her office that day like nothing ever happened to him. she has helped me with my cushinoid dog and another with multiple extrahepatic shunts and pancreatic insufficiency. she always gives an easy to understand, straight forward opinion and is usually avaiable to answer a question or two when needed. we are really lucky to have her in phoenix.
We took our labrador retriever to be treated for cancer to Dr. Hershey as she came highly recommended.      We had a very negative experience. On numerous occasssions phone calls were not returned, prescriptions were incorrect. We waited at least 30 minutes for our appointments and sometimes over an hour. And to top it off, when our dog suddenly died we didn't get a call or a card from Dr. Hershey or her practice. Keep in mind we spent thousands of dollars at this clinic. We recieved cards and calls from 2 other vet clinics that treated our dog. We know Dr. H knew what happened as she was on the phone with the emergency clinic.    I will never recommend this clinic to anyone.
Would never use this vet again!     I will try to be fair and balanced and not just trash this place, although that's exactly what it and Dr. Hersey deserve.    My 8 year old doberman was diagnosed with bone cancer and we sought the help of Dr. Hersey. $1200 first visit to diagnose and the money keep adding up from there. She blends western medicine with whatever holistic treatments are available, and I think it's more to fatten her profits than really help. She'll pretty much do whatever treatment you ask her to do and rape your wallet doing it.    Dr. Hersey told us of a new treatment for bone cancer and how my dog would need 4 injections to see if it was helping. Treatments were $250 a pop. What Dr. Hersey failed to tell us was the new drug was NOT for bone cancer and she was using it off label in her own experiment on my dog. She injected the drug into the tumor site and that caused it to swell to the point where the skin shredded and a large, ugly, open sore was visible.    At this point, Dr. Hersey washed her hands of us. Without even seeing my dog, she announced that the "tumor had broken through the skin" (something that rarely happens in osteosarcoma and not in the short time between injection and skin lesions). She didn't once take responsibility for what she'd done or offer us the truth or an apology. When we found out she'd used the drug off label (it was for mammary cancer) and called her out on this,she made it about me and my finances.    She tried to make herself out to be a saint who had done all she could to help us when I was struggling with paying my dog's cancer bills. Let's keep in mind, I was paying close to $1000 a month on Hersey's treatments, which is not a small sum to come out of monthly.    Worse than all of that, I had a dog with a large oozing sore on her leg and this vet, this doctor did NOTHING to help. She didn't help clean it, bandage it or offer anything to help us heal the wounds. She washed her hands of the mess she'd created by blaming me for not taking out a second mortgage to pay her fees.     Once the swelling went down from the illegal injection I was able to get the sores closed, but it took several months.    Also to add, Hersey's actions cost my dog the chance of going to the University of Colorado for a promising treatment that could have saved her life and leg.     I would like to say that Dr. Hersey is a kind person and she does care about dogs, but I really think she's immoral and dishonest. Had she been honest with us about her experiment and the risks, and given us the opportunity to make an informed decision, I would have had more respect for her. But to know that she did this behind our backs (and then bragged about it on various vet forums in Phoenix) makes me sick.    If your dog has cancer, seek out a different vet. Costs here are not good and the vet will lie to you and blame you for her mistakes.
My fiance took one of our dogs to VCA Elliot Park after we adopted her from the Arizona Humane Society-- it's one of the animal hospitals that offers free initial examinations to shelter animals. He was really pleased with his experience there, so I decided to take our other dog there after having horrible experiences at two other animal hospitals this past summer.  The staff at VCA Elliot Park is so friendly and helpful, and Dr. Stanat is one of the most intelligent, compassionate veterinarians I have ever met. The entire time we were there, she was petting my dog, and she even gave him a few treats. Her kindness really helped him get over his fear of going to the veterinarian after the bad experiences we endured.  There are two other fantastic qualities of this animal hospital: the staff genuinely helps you try to save money, and you get an IMMENSE amount of one-on-one time with the veterinarian (not just veterinary technicians). I will definitely be using this animal hospital for a long time.
I've been taking my beloved poodle/terrier mix here for just about 10 years. Now we have a new pup and they are both "patients." The office staff is wonderful and they know me and the names of my pets. (Okay, well maybe the use the computer to identify me, but I love walking in and they say hi to me and the dogs!) The office staff genuinely friendly totally efficient.     Both Dr. Loeschen and Dr. Stanat are wonderful and give plenty of TLC. I don't know how Dr. Loeschen calms my jittery 10 yr. old, but he does. He is so gentle and honest with treatment and I never feel like I have to do everything he suggests right away. He let's me know what can wait and what is essential for the well-being of my pups. Under his care we have been able to avoid pesky bladder stones that plagued my older dog.     Take you pets to VCA Elliot Park and you'll be in GREAT hands.
I can't say enough good things about these people. My dog had a freak accident, where she jumped off my balcony and was impaled on a picket fence.     My dog was extremely lucky. The fence post hit in a spot where it went through her abdomen, nearly punctured her bladder, but miraculously missed all of the important parts and she will be fine.    But long before that they were always really good to me and I appreciated it. thanks guys.
As a first time pet owner I've had lots of questions, dumb and not so dumb, as far as the care of our new dog. Dr. Beyer and all the staff have been wonderful to my husband, myself and of course, our dog Ernie. They seem to welcome my questions and calls and if I make an appt., it's always very timely. Plus, Ernie is ALWAYS happy and excited to be there even though he's been poked and prodded, he seems to sense their sincerity and caring.
Dr. Beyer and the South Mountain Vet Clinic staff are the best!  Down-to-earth, honest, and helpful...my dogs receive great care from this clinic.  From nail-cutting to dental cleaning to emergency appointments, they always meet or exceed my expectations.   The doctor refers to specialists when needed and only orders tests she feels are necessary, which I really appreciate.  I highly recommend this clinic!
Love South Mountain Vet Clinic.      I've been taking my shih tzu Bella there ever since I moved to the Valley back in 2008 and have never had any complaints or concerns.  Finding a vet that you're comfortable with and can trust is no easy task, but I definitely found it at South Mountain Vet.      Dr. Beyer has always been helpful, friendly and positive when checking up on my dog, even when she's being fussy and a brat.  Her insight has always been a breathe of fresh air even in the hardest of circumstances.    The staff there has always been friendly and willing to work with my schedule as best as they could.  Not to mention, they are great at sending reminders when vaccinations or any other tests are needed or past due.      I'm so glad I found this place almost 5 years ago now and won't go anywhere else as long as I'm in the Valley.
We had two of our dogs neutered at this clinic today.  The staff was VERY friendly and took very good care of our two dogs.  I was kind of worried at first because of the scheduling system they have.  (you set up an appointment for the surgery but the examination is on a "first come, first serve" basis.) Wasn't too sure how that was going to work out at first, but like i said, the staff was very friendly.  They got everyone taken care of in a timely manner without making us feel rushed. They are VERY inexpensive as well.  They offer alot of services including: micro chips, dental care, spay/neutering, vaccinations etc. all at very decent and fair prices.  We will be returning with our other pet this coming week.  Thank you Staff! You did a great job and I feel confident that my dogs got excellent treatment.
I took my 7 year old Bassett hound in because her left eye started going grey and after being mis treated by squaw peak animal hospital for a week with no results and being treated for the wrong diagnosis twice.  They were the nicest people.  They spent over an hour with my dog testing and checking her out. She has glaucoma which I guess is common for Bassett hounds. I won't lie, it is not cheap seeing a specialist for her eye but they really know what they are doing and it was worth every penny it it helps save her other eye from going blind.   So, Thank You to Eye Care for Animals you guys are great!!!
Thank you to Dr. Barrett and to the entire staff of Eye Care for Animals for saving my dog's eye after an ulcer.  The receptionist, and all of the nurses were BEYOND extraordinary and I truly felt that they cared about my pup.  I never had to wait in the waiting room or in the exam room more than about 7 minutes, which is very appreciated due to my hectic work schedule.  After about a month of healing after surgery, my dog's eyesight has returned and his last stitch was removed today!!      I will never be able to thank this office enough and would recommend them for any eye care needs your pet may have.  They were amazing on all levels- primarily customer service, and quality.  Bravo for this facility.
Dr. Oliver has been our family vet for years.  He is incredible!  He spends a long time explaining all options and always goes over costs in detail even before a simple exam.  They are conscious of the economic climate and have many solutions to lessen the impact on your wallet while still giving the best possible care. We have French Bulldogs, Boxer and Boston Terriers and has been our number once source in picking out new breeders.  He loves his clients and is so compassionate and caring. We can't rave enough about the staff and Dr. Oliver.  We drive from Scottsdale to Augusta Ranch, they are that good!
Have been taking my dog s to Dr. Oliver for years and can't say enough good things about him. He is the most caring Dr and I will always go to him unless an emergency requires me to see one of the other doctors.  Very special person when it comes to animals and will always trust him with my dogs care.  As far as the cost, yes they may be a little high but it's well worth the care that my dogs get.
I have gone here twice and both times our dog, Luna, was treated wonderfully. The first time was for an allergic reaction to a bite, and they got her well and us off with all the necessary medicine. Unfortunately, the 2nd time there was nothing they could do for her, but they provided us a private room and notified us about some different options we could choose from. At no time did I feel rushed nor pressured to use their services, and I appreciated everything they helped us with that day.    Five stars for their staff's kindness (from the front desk to the vets) and consideration during one of the hardest times we've ever had to face.
We had as best experience as you can when you are in an emergency situation with your pet.    Our dog had been neutered on a Monday in December at a vets office, he had a retracted testical, so there was more surgery invovled then the normal neutering. I stayed home monday with him, the hubs stayed home tuesday with him. We had a cone on his head...Thursday we came home from work to find he had manuvered around the cone and had licked his stitches OPEN...it was bad. The vet was closed, and I had remember seeing the Emergency Animal hospital...so off we went. It was about 6pm.    They took the pup and said to wait or come back in 45 minutes so they could inspect him. After 45 minutes we got some bad news... the pup had licked it to the point that there was dead tissue and a raging infection. And it was going to cost close to $1,000. ::gulp::  They did say they could clean out the infection and stitch him up and we could take him to the vet the next day, but we didnt want to risk things getting worse just to save a few bucks. So he stayed there, over night.     The staff was really great (aside from the very unfriendly older receptionist) I called and check in on him at 11 pm and then again at 7am. Once we had him home I probably called the hospital AT LEAST 5-8 times asking random questions and they were always more then happy to answer them.     Pup had to have 2 drains put in, dead tissue and muscle removed, a ton of stitches...it was a tough 2 weeks of recovery...but he is back to his sassy puppy self.
Sunday morning dog emergency. Efficient professional and caring. Thought the cost was very reasonable. Techs were great the vet was cranky, but was at the end of a long night shift so I'll give that some consideration. Definitely recommend for an off hour emergency.
I will give them 5 stars for the wonderful midnight care they gave my dog a few months back.  Very fair price for late night care!  Treat well and felt good.  My dog came home just fine!
Overall my dog was treated very well. The only thing I have to complain about is the front desk. Unfortunately my dog was vomiting, had diarrhea, and couldn't hold his pee. When we first came in he made a mess in the waiting room, then they moved us to an exam room, where he continued to make a major mess. Then they wanted us to move into another room where again he made a mess.   As we were waiting for the vet, I over heard the front desk associate tell either another client or another associate that they couldn't use the "2 rooms" because the "people completely trashed them."  As a client trying to obtain the best possible care for my dog does not need to over hear a comment like this! I felt completely disrespected!   On the other hand,  Stacey was absolutely wonderful and truly showed her compassion for caring for the various pets that come in.     Considering that this is the only 24 hr emergency clinic, we will probably come back of need be. But I'm very disappointed in the way the front desk associated treated our situation.
Arrived there on a Tuesday night around 10pm to have my dog put to sleep.  The staff was so caring and compassionate, they made this unfortunate situation much eaiser.  I want to thank everyone for the time they gave me with my dog before and after her injection.      And her paw print!!   They have the right employes working there for this type of emergency clinic!
We were from out of town one Sunday in Phoenix when my mini-Schnauzer went critical. We had Max stay there overnight, for observation and monitoring of his blood levels (he had abdominal bleeding). The front staff, vet techs and the vet-on-duty were ok but seemed less compassionate and not as "warm" as I had gotten accustomed to dealing with at our vet's clinic. First off, off the three proposed plans of care that they came up with, the vet tech decided to show me the MOST expensive option, which discussed splenectomy (mind you, we were still waiting til the blood levels were stabilized and the bleeding had stopped so ultrasounds could be taken in the MORNING, so nobody really knew whether removing any internal organ was the thing to do). Then, the cost that was quoted to us was around $5,000+! )-: I had gone through a similar situation with our other dog not too long ago and we didn't get a cost estimate that high, and yes my other dog had splenectomy, in San Diego CA (which I would assume would have been more expensive).   This place didn't strike me as anything fancy or elegant but I realize this place could get very busy especially at night. I was already stressing over my sick puppy, and felt even sadder and more anxious when other people had brought in their injured dogs (one dog was run over, another had bloat, a kitty was I'll...). Through it all, I never did get any vet tech or staff member periodically come out and check up on us while we agonizingly waited for anyone to give us an update on our baby. I didn't feel that the staff really had my dog's best interest at heart, although they were very fast and efficient about handing me my hospital fees for the night for me to pay upfront ($1000+)?!  I reluctantly left my baby there for the night as I felt that I didn't have much choice in such a critical situation. But after an hour of being back at our hotel I started calling the hospital every 1-2 hours to get updates. And maybe I was being more sensitive than usual, but each time I would call to request updates, the staff on the other end of the line sounded so nonchalant as she reported Max's PCV levels (as if she was just talking to me about something mundane and nothing critical at all )-:    I did give this place 2 stars because they were the only 24-hour vet on board facility available to us when we needed one.  Honestly the overall vibe I got about this place was that it was just a great money-making business, and even if they did care about the animals' welfare, that came secondary only.   If anyone had suggestions for other 24/7 emergency vet facilities please post here! You will help a lot of pet parents I am sure.
This place is terrible. Came here at 1130 and it's now 3am and haven't even seen the doc. There were 3 people in the waiting room when I arrived w my pug who needed sutures. They didn't properly triage her. They did vitals 3 hours after we got there. Don't you think they are necessary to see the condition of the dog? I heard them laughing the whole time behind the closed door. Were they even working? They never once checked in to update me on wait time. Never came in to do nursing care and clean the wound. This place sucks. Don't go here if u have an emergency ur pet will probably suffer.
Layla (my puppy) and I love Dr. Hunt and the whole crew at Homestead.  They are all very kind and loving and Dr. Hunt really takes his time with us when we come in.  Dr. Hunt has never tried to over sell me on anything and this is a huge relief as Layla is my first puppy.  I cannot imagine going to another Vet!  Thank you Dr. Hunt and the whole Homestead crew!  If you are looking for a Vet, look no further.
I have been searching for a Vet since I have moved to Phoenix over 5 years ago. Dr. Hunt and Homestead are my 4th Vet. I have found my forever Vet!    I took my 2 dogs (Labs) in for their yearly visit, and has some concerns about the older one. Dr. Hunt started with my younger dog, and he was very good. Jazzy has serious issues with Vets, she barks and gets very upset. Dr. Hunt handle her just as I would expect a Vet to handle a nervous dog, and got everything done. I have had another Vet look at me and ask what he was supposed to do with my nervous girl. Maybe I'm a little looney but I would think a Vet would know how to deal with my nervous dog.    Then we moved on to Jewel, who has had a bunch of lumps appear all over her body. He felt them and discussed that he thought they were probably just fatty deposits, but he would like to check them. Dollar signs we adding up in my mind at the thought of having him check her lumps, but this is my baby, so I said No Problem.    He took a syringe and made a slide right there for each of the 2 major lumps. He came back in about 10 mins and said one was just fat, but if I had time, he would like to look at the second one again. Once again, I said no problem. Five minutes later, he came back and said that one was fat too.    I left the Vets office paying $130 for both dogs, and of that $29 was for him looking at the Lumps. A Vet who isn't in it just for the money and how much he can get out of each owner?!?!?!? NO WAY!    This is a rare Vet, he doesn't have the greatest hours, but he is absolutely worth working around, your pet will love him and you Wallet will definitely like him too!
A friend recommended this vet to me (she had been taking all 5 of her dogs here for years) and I'm so glad she did.      Dr. Hunt and his entire team are fantastic!  The clinic itself is always clean, and looks great with wooden floors and contemporary furniture.  I've taken my pooch there a good few times and every time the service is brilliant. Dr. Hunt is very gentle, laid back and takes care of business.       Highly recommended, you and your pets will be very happy.
Dr. Hunt cares about the animals. One of the things that I notice right away is that he will actually talk me out of doing unnecessary things which has never happened before at any other vet.  I do flyball with my dogs and I consider my dogs to be part of my family. If something isn't working right I take them in right away. Sometimes a bit to soon. He looks at each situations and always tells me what he would do if it was his dog.     For example I have a 9 year old border collie. His teeth aren't pearly white anymore and I thought I probably needed to get them cleaned. Dr. Hunt took one look at them and told me to hold off.  Sure they are not perfect but just cause there not doesn't mean it's time for dental work. There has also been a couple times where I have taken my border collie in because of a limp. He knows when to X-ray and when to hold off. After taking my dog in to VCA 24 hour Emergency care he gave me his opinion and told me what was really going on.     I know he is looking out for my dogs and me.
River Ridge takes great care of my new puppy. They have excellent prices too.
This vet office is truly the best! Yes, they are on the expensive side, so you need to consider that and ask them what really needs to be done immediately v. what can be done to hold your pet over until you can get to your regular vet, but they provide an invaluable service - a place to take an ill / injured pet when your regular vet is closed.     I have taken both my dogs and bunnies to this office. Most recently, one of my buns had a seizure so I rushed her there around 10 PM on a Monday night. It was relatively quiet (I have seen the waiting room jammed and they do triage much like a human ER so be prepared to wait if your pet is not critical and needing immediate lifesaving care), and they took her right back and assessed her and then called me back to unfortunately give me the sad prognosis - she was slipping into cardiac arrest.     They let me stay with her as she slipped away and then put us in a private room for as long as I wanted to say goodbye. They also must have called my regular vet because a sympathy car arrived from them later in the week.     I had her cremated and when I went to pick up her ashes, they had made a paw print for me as well as had a nameplate etched with her name on it for her official urn, both at no additional charge.     The Drs and staff are caring and compassionate - as one of them put it "We don't know them long, but we understand how important your pets are to you and we recognize and honor that." Yes, they really do.     I highly recommend Paradise Valley Emergency Animal Hospital.
Vet honest with her diagnosis & prognosis for our puppy.  Given all of our choices, we had to put the puppy to sleep.  The staff very professional and compassionate with our family and gave us all the time we needed to say good bye.  Yes, any emergency visit will be expensive, but their honesty with us was appreciated.
This vet is open all night; helpful when you're in the northeast valley and have a pet emergency.  Like when my dog got ahold of 1/2 pound of chocolate on a Saturday night.  Chocolate can kill a dog, and my pup probably was wishing he would, he was so sick.      I learned that going to an emergency vet is a lot like going to a hospital emergency room.  It was busy because of the holiday weekend evening, and of course emotions were high because everyone was concerned for their loved one.  VCA's staff showed a lot of sympathy and care for our situation, yet also handled the necessary paperwork very efficiently.  They did a good job of keeping the sick pooches apart in the waiting area.  We were in an exam room within 10 minutes.  All in all better than my hospital experiences.    I do wish they had prepared me for just how long we would have to wait for the vet.  It was an hour before he came in; probably because they were so busy.  In the meantime, my dog started to act much better.  The vet said the main concerns were for dehydration and pancreatitis (inflammation of the pancreas).  He determined that my dog didn't show signs of either during his exam.  He said he'd put together three options for treatment and return to go over them with me.    Another 45 minutes goes by and the vet returns with not three, but two treatment options.  The first is about $1,500 and consists of blood tests for dehydration and two days of observation there.  The second is overnight observation and the blood test for about $800.  Even though my dog was visibly better.  I can understand erring on the side of caution, but a medical malpractice lawsuit is hardly at issue here, so we can be honest with each other about the level of risk at play.  Besides, stressing my dog by putting him into a strange place, and probably into a crate, has to be factored into the decision too.  Maybe I'm too suspicious, but the vet lost my trust at that point.    So I created my own Option 3, which was to keep the dog under close observation at his own home, and bring him in if he shows signs of dehydration or doesn't get better.  That one was $99.  It was only at that point when the vet told me how I could treat him at home.      Following the vet's instructions, Piggy Dog fully recovered in about 24 hours.    One nice touch - VCA notified our regular vet of the visit so we got a call from him Monday morning to see how our dog was doing.    All in all, I'm very grateful for the VCA PV Emergency Hospital.  Off-hours vets are not easy to find, and they seem highly capable, though maybe over zealous about treatment.  Although I'll closely scrutinize whether to take my animal in, if they really need to go I would return to VCA.
This was our first time here and to any ER Vet. Molly, our 2 year old Pit Bull cut her mouth while playing. Our regular vet was closing and they referred us here.   They open at 5:30pm on weekdays and stay open all night and close in the morning.   We arrived at 5:30pm and were the first patients for the evening. We were promptly greeted by a friendly and caring staff. After filling out the appropriate paperwork we went onto an exam room where the vet tech did the basics. Then Dr Baker came in and gave a very thorough exam and presented our options. He did not rush. His bedside manner was great. By now Molly's bleeding had basically stopped. We liked it when he told us what option he would do if Molly were his dog. We took his advise, which also happened to be the least expensive and least obtrusive way to go.   About 2 hours after we got home, I had a concern and had to call the office. My call was promptly and warmly answered. I was quickly put through to Dr Baker who addressed my concerns in a caring manner and explained what was going on and again gave me options. I followed his advise.   It is the next morning now and Molly is fine.   Adrienne, Joe, Dr Baker and the vet tech were all AWESOME.   You go to a place like this for the staff and their ability. I would recommend them as a place to take your pet if you need an ER.
I have been to a couple of ER Vets before and this one is top notch, and very professional.  Dr. Rachel Chapman and staff were AMAZING!!    My dog Gable had become very ill very quickly and took a turn for the worse.  After several test it became apparent that he was in an incredible amount of pain and the chances of recovery were extremely slim.  The decision was made to put him to sleep.  This was a terribly difficult time for me.  You know, a boy and his dog.  The staff and Dr. Chapman were incredibly kind, professional, and amazing.  They made the very best of a horrible situation.  I would like to thank them personally and tell everyone that if you need to bring your pet here you WILL be taken care of by very compassionate people.    Thank you
I can't believe that I haven't reviewed this place yet! After trying another vet in the east valley (to remain unnamed), I was on a mission to find one that I (as well as my pooch) loved. In comes Dr Sherry Johns- she is amazing. She sat on the floor with me and my dog and talked us through some of the issues we had been having. She layed out the possible treatments based on being conservative (and saving some $$) or going full out and spending full $$ to diagnose and treat. She didn't push me into the more expensive option.     The staff have all been really great as well. They seem to really love the animals that come in. I wouldn't take my pup anywhere else.
I love everyone at AZ Animal Wellness Center! Wow, they take care of my sweet dog (Cooper) as well, if not better, than I do.  They got me in for a same day appointment (within 45 minutes in fact!) when I called them about a concerning wound/lesion on his back.  They analyzed it and determined it needed to be removed and got him in for surgery the next morning.  Everyone was very loving toward Cooper and took great care of him.  He's back home and happy (although loopy from the morphine) and I'm so grateful for everyone, especially Dr. Heetland, who was our vet (but I heard from a friend that all the vets are great here). Thank you to everyone at AZ Animal Wellness Center for taking care of my baby!
I regret ever going to this Vet, I only went there because of the positive reviews, but now question if the positive reviews are actual clients.  Their main goal is to make $ off their clients, not the actual well being of your animal.  Constantly trying to push insurance policies, wanting to do unnecessary blood work, only guaranteeing their bordatella vaccine for 6 months - every vet I've been to has guaranteed for a year, and then I had one dog die (within hours) after receiving the bordatella, and the other dog actually got kennel cough within a few months. $$$$$ is all this vet cares about, after the death of our dog, we found another vet, couldn't be happier, and they did agree the blood work was TOTALLY unnecessary since we'd just had it done within the last  year.  Oh and wanted to do vaccines when they hadn't expired yet.  Again $$$$$$$$$$ is all they care about.
Recently my dog became extremely ill and showed symptoms of a potentially fatal disease. At the time we were at our old vet. The Vet literally check her once, stated he/she found nothing wrong, and sent us on our way.    I am so grateful and happy to have found AAWC. We made an appointment with Dr. Heetland and in minutes he discovered the cause for all of her symptoms and confirmed that I was right to be concerned. Long story short, she underwent a simple operation and today she is healthy and happy again!    As a long time pet owner I consider the well being of my pets extremely important. I take full responsibility for their health and happiness and AAWC helps me do that.    All of the staff, both vet and administrative are friendly, considerate, and knowledgeable about what they do. The ladies at the front are helpful and organized. The vet staff has shown me they know their stuff and do not just give vague advice but a cause, an explanation of it, and practical advice with tools to help make it happen . Each visit has been about a holistic approach to my dogs health, and she is better because of it!    I would suggest Arizona Animal Wellness Center to any pet owner!
I like the way they treat my dogs, really friendly staff.  They are really good about getting your pet seen in an emergency.  The facility itself is nice.  However, it feels as if they are always trying to sell me something things I don't need. This place is so expensive, we can never get out of there for less than $100.
They are very friendly and took great care of my dog Max. He needed surgery for bladder stone removal and they did a great job. Great follow up, I received a call the next day to check on Max. The surgery was expensive, but I called around to 2 different vets to see about pricing and make sure I wasn't getting gouged and Arizona Animal Wellness Center was $600 less. Very happy with them.
If I could give a trillion stars (i'm not exaggerating) I would....I don't even know how to put into words how blown away I am with this entire clinic.  I have NEVER experienced such animal lovers, compassionate people, knowledgeable, patient, the list goes on.  The first time I went there they treated me like I had been going there since my pet was a puppy.  They got me in right away, it was an emergency, and I was clearly upset that my dog was very sick, so the staff actually cried with me, gave me water, made sure my dog was comfortable and loved...they took just as good of care of me as they did my dog.  Because of this entire practice, they made my decision so much easier and the procedure itself much easier than it should have been.  I cannot say enough about this center, what I feel and what they did for me I cannot put into words.  I own 7 dogs and I am now a loyal lifetime member of the Arizona Animal Wellness Center.
Hands down, without a doubt the VERY BEST veterinary clinic I have ever used for my pets.      I could go through a list of names of every single person who made our appointment yesterday so awesome and I probably should.  The truth is every single person there made things the easiest, most pleasant, professional and compassionate experience ever.      Whoever has set the standard at this clinic for customer service needs a medal!  And needs to be training people around the world how to treat customers!      Yes, some of the tests on our dog were pricey but it's to be expected.  We were not hounded, pushed or shamed into deciding to have the tests done.  We were given options and choices and made our own decision.  Anything we wanted to do was fine with Dr. Benigni and Jessica, our vet tech.  They gave us time to decide and figure out how we could manage the bill.      And the best part?  After we were home and well into our evening, I got a call from Dr. Benigni, giving me results from the slides made from cells aspirated from lumps on our dog, Ellie.  She was still working at 7:30 pm and calling to give me good news!  And spent time talking me through what was still left to do and even go over a diet for Ellie.      I would give AAWC and Dr. Benigni 10 stars if I could!
i love doctor ford after a few bad experiences at another vet and this other vet not doing blood work she did blood work for valley fever and we found out that is what our girl has they are so nice and help us to do what will be more cost affective I will be taking both my dogs to her she is great and the whole office was very kind and friendly to us I even got my sister to take her dogs when she needs a vet.
i had to find a vet on very short notice because my lil dog got bit by a bug or something and her face and neck started to swell, so i called and made an 12 noon appt, i thought i could wait it out but she started to get wonky on me so i called back at 945 to see if we could get in since she wasn't acting right, they said ya sure we can get you in. so we get there at like 955 because we live right down the road from this place. well once we got there we had a vet tech come out to the waiting room to look her over, which i thought was very odd because every other place i have lived no vet place did this. so we waited and waited and waited and WAITED. we never got in a room until 1115! so much for an emergency and fitting us in! then we get in a room and waited another 20 mins before a tech came in and looked her over and checked temp and all that. and then the doc came in and said yeah probably got bit by something, yeah no kidding ya think! i came to you to see what to do with the swelling. then they wanted to do all these shots and i was like errrrrr back that money train on up because i wasn't about to pay 150 for shots when you just told me what i can use at home to treat her! plus they all refused to put the muzzle on my lil 9 pound dog because they were scared of her, really WTF. she wasn't feeling good and sick not like shes cujo and going to jump at your throat and attack! plus they also charged me and emergency fee which i don't think i should have been charged that since i was 25 mins out from my normal appt time. i don't know i just don't get a friendly vibe from this place. i agree with the other user on here about all the 5 start ratings i doubt they are all that happy with this place.
Our doggy was super sick with a stomach ulcer/colitis and this was the only vet office that could get us in right away. They took excellent care of our little guy. Dr Ford even called us later in the day to check on him. Everyone was super friendly and helpful. I thought the prices were reasonable and I liked that they didn't push any kind of wellness plans on us like other pet hospitals (banfield).   I would definitely recommend to all of my friends and family.
When we moved to Arizona from Colorado in April, our dogs got really sick.  In June, we had to put our little dog, Minnie, to sleep because of persistent non-correctable back issues that put her in immense pain.  As soon as she was gone, out dog Titus became ill.  We took him to Dr. Heetland who helped us diagnose an anemia issue.  We did everything we could to save him but, his bone marrow stopped functioning and steroids did nothing.  There was nothing we could do long term.    The news was devastating to say the least.  Thank the good lord that we had a vet that cared about us and our dog as much as he would his own family member.  He treated us with absolute care and compassion and we could not be happier that he came into our lives at such a difficult time.  We know that he did everything he could to save Titus and keep us, as pet parents, as calm as possible.  Thank you Dr. Heetland and the staff of Arizona Animal Wellness Center.
If I could give this place a negative star I would.  Dr. Parvo made me feel horrible told me over and over my dog was going to die ( he is happy and healthy today) My sister took her dog there and found out she had cancer...the same vet told her to have risky surgery to remove the cancer and if she did not have the surgery their nothing they could do.  She decided not to do it...the vet never called or checked in see how the dog was doing.  Her dog got really sick and decided to take her dog to another vet to put her down this vet was shocked. He would have never recommended surgery and the dog would not survive that type of surgery. He gave my sister some help and she able to safely extend her pups life for an another season.  My niece bought her dog to this vets with a minor injury they milked her out of hundreds of dollars and the dog has never healed properly to this day  I think the staff was great that the only nice thing I could say nice about this vets office
This place is great. After several visits I have found that all of the staff is super friendly, professional, knowledgeable with my dog. They provide high quality care while being very patient and gentle with my dog.    The prices aren't the highest but they aren't the cheapest. They are not pushy with extra services or products they just make the best recommendations based on your animals health. They review all the procedures and products you'll be purchasing beforehand so there's no hidden costs or surprises.     I would recommend this place to anyone seeking a high quality of care for your pet.
We have been bringing our pets to this office since we moved here almost 5 years ago. They are a wonderful facility and all of the staff and veterinarians are so great! We have had a ton of visits over the years and every single little question and concern is answered and treated. They always call to check in on my "kids" the next day and sometimes after. Many times I get a personal detailed phone call from Dr Ford, Dr Parva, Dr Beninie, and Dr Heatland themselves.  This veterinary office is high class in my book. The office staff and vet techs are all so genuine and sweet. My dogs think they are VIP when they come in for a visit, as everyone loves on them and sets them at ease. Vets are not inexpensive, but the health and well being of my pets is priceless. I highly recommend Arizona Animal Wellness Center for anyone looking for quality, loving care for their pets.
We have been going to Dreaming Summit Animal Hospital for the past year since it was highly recommended by other people in our neighborhood.  We could not be happier with the care they gave to our pomeranian, even on an emergency basis.  They even did follow up phone calls to check on her status!  We got a new Pomeranian and I just made her first puppy appointment right now as there is no other place we would consider going.  We are 100% happy with Dreaming Summit Animal Hospital and you should be, too!
I am trying to not let the fact that my Dog had to be ultimately put down a month after a major surgery that was performed here effect my opinion of this place.  The other doctors were great, but I agree Dr. B came across a little cold, but not rude.  The vet techs seemed way more into themselves and what was going on in their personal lives than providing good service.(i.e. discussing the finer points of their tattoos while customers are waiting, etc.)  The staff up front was very kind, specially when I had my dog put down, I am a grown man and I was so devastated/sad/emotional that I could hardly speak.  They sent out a beautiful card a week later and handled the cremation service perfectly, that was pretty nice of them.
My husband and I absolutely love this place.  From the front desk to the techs in the back, we have always had a positive experience.    Dr. Bower is the vet we usually see. I recommend him to everyone we know with a new pet. Our puppy is always treated so well. Each time we come here, we feel like the only patients in the building. They have no problem taking time to talk with us about anything we need to talk about. We even ask them training questions!    Usually dogs are hesitant to go to the vet...but not ours! I feel that the positive experiences we've had from the very beginning with Dreaming Summit Animal Hospital has taught our puppy that going to the vet is fun and adventerous.
Very clean in appearance and u feel safe for your pet. Friendly staff, i used this place as a back up cause I couldn't get into my dogs regular vet at the time! Thanks ! ;-)   Prices are as expected for a vet. Vet bills always run high ;)   They have military discounts 10%
I've always had great service here. Yes, I've had to wait a bit sometimes, but that has happened to me at every vet I've ever gone to, especially in the last 8-10 years. The doctors here are caring and and when it is my turn, I never feel rushed. I trust the doctors and staff there and will continue to use their services for all 4 of my dogs.
What a nice & friendly place to take your sick animal! My dog was experiencing seizures for the 1st time and they were so nice to take my "walk in" and attend to my dog Randall. I saw Dr. Watson who was very sweet and was very patient with my dog who doesn't quiet like people.  Don't listen to all these negative post about this place...it's a wonderful clean place and they have great employees working the front desk who have awesome customer service skills!!!
Compassionate vets, friendly and knowledgeable staff, and all animals are handled with gentle care. It took me years to find a veterinary hospital I liked as well as this one, and I couldn't be happier. Dr. Bullard worked his heart out to help keep my beloved service dog alive and comfortable during the end stages of terminal disease. I have taken all my animals to this clinic, and always been treated with such respect and warmth. I recommend Dr. Bullard and his associates without reservation.
I found a dog and they were able to scan for microchip right away, free, and even contacted the owner and had him call me to pick up his lost dog. Very friendly, clean and helpful. Also open later than most places (8pm on weekdays)
Love this vets office.  Nice, clean, and convient.  Staff is very friendly as are the vets.  Our dog loves coming here and always leaves happy.
Just got done being scammed by Ann Road animal hospital.  Took the dog in to get her rabies / vaccines updated.  Told the vet I need the Rabies as of TODAY as North Las Vegas wants paperwork on it by the 28th.  So what does the vet do? He lies to me, tells me he's going to give the dog a rabies and steroid shot together and then just doesn't give her the rabies shot.  The only reason I went in was for the shot and these jerks ripped me off for 128.50 unnecessarily.  Never go to Ann Road animal hospital.  The receptionists are rude, the vets are liars, and they just kept saying "Well, what do you want us to do?"
I will admit i was hesitant to try this place due to some of the negative reviews.  But today i took my dog in because she had an ear infection. Dr Stewart was very pleasant and knowledgeable.  They did not overcharge us. We did have to wait a while to see the doctor, but they were very busy.  I will go back to Ann Rd Animal Hospital.    UPDATE: have gone back twice since originally posted this review.    check up and anal glands expressed. She was in and out in 15 minutes. 10 bucks for glands ($40 for office visit). not bad.
Took our 2 dogs here for their rabies shot. They charge $10 for each shot and we didn't have to wait too long. They did try to sell us all the other shots but why weaken our dogs immune system unnecessarily if they are never even exposed to other dogs. We ended up just getting the rabies. This place is very close to us and it was very convenient to be in and out in half an hour.
hey animal lovers.    So I've been bring my teacup yorkie puppy here since I adopted her last month.    I decided to come to ARAH because of the reviews on yelp and they are close to me.  I'm really disappointed with the services I've been receiving the last couple of weeks.    My puppy had a really bad cough that made me really worried... Dr. Stewart seen her and gave her rx's that didn't work. I took her back and she gave her another rx which didn't help. Then I came back for the 3rd time and seen another vet. He gave another rx and i don't think it helped either. All that money spent and Ebi still didn't get better.    My puppy got 2 rounds of vaccinations here.     We also boarded her here last week for 2 nights. I called asking if they could wait for me... that I was stuck in traffic leaving LA and would be arriving 10 mins late and they refuse to wait and told me to pick her up the next day. The girl on the phone was so rude about it too! I was really upset with that... I don't see what's wrong waiting a couple mins. I ended up having to pay an extra night and when I came to pick her up at 8am when they opened... I ended up waiting 20 mins for them to bring my puppy out. Then I had to ask for her bone that was missing in her ziplock back that came out with her.     After all the bad services here I'm not sure if I want to bring my puppy back next week for her rabies shot. I may go somewhere else.
The staff here is extremely rude.  I had previously purchased a Groupon for a dog grooming and it didn't state on the Groupon that the vaccination record was required.  I even called the day before and they did not tell me his vaccination record was required.      When I arrived the lady didn't want to take my dog and argued with me that the Groupon states to bring the vaccination.  I checked again and it does not!  I convinced her to take him and then I went back to drop off the shot record.  Overall I went there three times in one day.    They also wanted to make a photo copy of my ID.  Why is this needed if it's just a dog grooming?  Also, the Groupon did not state that the grooming was just for a dog wash and nail clipping.  I thought they cut his hair, but since I was already there I just let them groom him.  When I picked him up he looked exactly the same.  He was clean, but they didn't even brush his hair!  I won't refer this place or return.  There are many other dog groomers and vets with better service.    Don't come here unless you are OK with staff treating you like crap!
I've been bringing my dog to Ann Road Animal Hospital since he was a puppy, and have always gotten friendly service and wonderful treatment from the vets there.  I love the walk-in service (no appointments) and Sundays is my favorite day to visit them. They always love to see Buddy and I will definitely keep going there as long as I live here in Vegas!
The vets are typical in and out vets. What makes this place stand out and keeps me loyal are the friendly, helpful and all around awesome ladies at the reception counter. They are always sweet and helpful and welcoming. Making appointments is easy and they can usually see you same day. HIGHLY recommend. Only the best for my doggy!
This review is for pet hotel portion.  I dropped off my dog hear so we can enjoy the holiday weekend.  Now my dog has fleas and diarreah.  It took over 30 minutes to check him out, I'm thinking they had to wash the filth off my dog, which it didn't help because he smelled like poop.  I recommend dropping your dog off to Petsmart instead.
I like this vet clinic. I have been coming here for over 5 years with my two pups. The staff is pretty helpful as I need help at times since one of my dogs can be a handful. All in all, I like Ann road animal hospital.
I have nothing but wonderful things to say about ARAH.  I have taken all 3 of my dogs for around 5 years.... Dr B & Dr Stewart are amazing and have taken their time to help out with explaining in detail regarding all the many headaches that come with being a mom to 3 aging boxers.    The pricing is never a surprise, and the front desk always there to make a stressful situation easier. I would highly recommend bringing ur loved ones here!!
I won't ever go to another vet as long as I live in North Las Vegas. The staff at ARAH helped me through the end of both of my dachshunds lives and have taken excellent care of my English Bulldog and my new Lab puppy. Finding a vet is hard, as hard as it is to find a good primary care physician for ourselves. They have a very clear price list for their procedures and vaccinations and they offer low cost spay and neutering. Plus they give a 10% military discount.
UPDATE: (I have gone to Ann Rd. Animal Hosp. a dozen times over the past 2 years) and I  wanted to take a moment to THANK Dr. Hammond and the staff.       Sadly, our dog of 15 years needed to be put to sleep after a long battle with.... well, old age. Dr. Hammond had never met Shamrock up until that fateful day, but she was very compassionate and made our terrible decision easier to bear. AND i want to thank her for the VERY thoughtful condolence card we got in the mail. Handwritten even!! It truly meant A LOT to us.  They recommended Craig Rd Pet Cemetery to us.  We were very pleased with them as well.   I could give them 5 stars, but that seems odd for me?  I lost my dog. I reserve 5 stars for things like.... restaurants? But I DO want to say thank you to Ann Rd. Animal Hosp. Thank you. IF I get another pet in the future.... i will bring them to Ann Rd.
Pleasant service, clean environment, and mostly prompt service. I have been taking my dog here since I got her four years ago and have been satisfied. Also, the bill at the end is usually cheaper than I guessed.
I started coming to this animal hospital after I moved to this side of town about a year ago. They are a walk-in clinic so it's first come first serve. I don't really like how you can't make an appointment. Another huge negative for me is that the front desk is extremely disorganized. They don't really have a check in/check out system. There are only two counters... but sometimes there are 3- 4 front office girls working up there trying to check in patients and answer phones and then also checking people out, so it gets really chaotic. Also there's no sign in sheet or any sort of line... so checking in is just based on the honor system of who got there first. The front office girls just yell, "who's next?" and you just have to step up and be assertive and say that you were next to be helped or else someone else will jump ahead of you. This system gives me anxiety.   However, I will say that their prices are very affordable and their vets have all been very nice. My dog has always gotten very good care so I will continue to come here until I have any suspicions that she is getting below standard of care.
Ann Road Animal Hospital is the BEST in Las Vegas!!!!!! The Drs and staff are absolutely AMAZING!!!!!! Dr Bullard is so caring and super intelligent!! He is wonderful with my 4 dogs!! We love him!! If you want excellent care and superior customer service, this is the place to bring your pets!!!!!!
Very good with our dog. Staff are friendly and make sure that your pet is well taken care of.
Helpful and friendly staff. No wait, even on a Saturday!     Only negative I have to say is that the vet wanted to do X-rays on our dog after we talked to her but she didn't even touch him or look at him first. X-rays cost $182 incase anyone needs them and then she gave us pain meds for our pup and said she'll let is know about X-rays later. Just didn't seem to care much.
I would give an even lower rate if possible Dr Eva Evan is the most ill informed vet at this hospital she runs unnecessary test and has no follow through.  She told me a three month subscription for insulin would last 6 mo NEW FLASH one bottle is only good for 30 days ask any diabetic out there never never will I ever let this women touch my dog,
The doctors are great, but man, the wait time is too long. When we dropped off our dogs for boarding, just to drop them off took almost an hour. Otherwise the doctors take great care of them.
Save yourself some grief and go elsewhere.  These people don't care about your pet, they only care about how much you have to pay.  I didn't feel at all they cared for my sick pet, just what tests were going to cost me what.  I could hear a small dog crying mercifully in the back room that was very disturbing.  I know this is a pet hospital but please; I could only think that it could have been my pet. Uh, uh.  Thanks for no thanks.
I would definitely not recommend them. All they care about is taking your money for unnecessary services! Even though we have made the mistake of buying their puppy health care plan, we are going to take our puppy elsewhere.    When we took our puppy for neutering, they offered completely unnecessary anal gland cleaning. They also called and wanted to pull out 2 baby teeth and we said no. Both baby teeth fell out on their own (free) within 5 days of our visit.
I came home from work Mother's Day night and found my 3 year old shepherd laying on the floor unable to lift his head off the floor and eyes glazed over and he appeared to be dying.   I took him to Animal Emergency Center because they were the closest vet open on a Sunday night. I am so glad that I did. Dr. O'Dea and his amazing staff saved my shepherds life that night. He is still not out of the woods but is with his regular vet. Dr. O'Dea's diagnosis was right on, financial estimates were accurate and they were as good with me as they were with my shepherd. If it was not for the staff here, my dog would have died by morning. Words cannot express my gratitude for their kindness, professionalism and competence in dealing with a true life and death emergency.
I had to take my lab/border collie puppy (8 mths) here one morning after vomiting several times. He had eaten 3 of 4 rubber paw protectors to protect his paws from the hot pavement 6 days earlier, and I had been monitoring him...he was fine up until this point.  I called them at 530am and they said to bring him in. We arrived shortly after and they put us right into a room, and Dr. Joel came in to assess the problem. Even he said the dog looked normal, high energy, no sign of pain. Dr. Joel took him back for an x-ray and saw that he still had something in his stomach and gave me options as to what they could do, and how much it would cost.  There were procedures that they could do if I wanted them done, but Dr. Joel advised they were not entirely necessary if I didn't want them done, just precautionary, and even he suggested they were not necessary as they could be done at my own vet. I agreed, and we stuck w/ just giving him a sedative and pain pill. They advised they could transport him to my vet for me, or I could drive over there. I realized my vet didn't open for 45 minutes, so they allowed us to wait in the room as long as we needed to. We did, paid for the tests done and headed to our vet. Very friendly staff, very quick service, and very thorough follow up.  Dr. Joel called me later that night to check to see how my dog was doing and I advised him he unfortunately had the surgery that day to remove the rest of the rubber booties from his stomach.  Never have I had a vet/doctor call me to follow up and check on my dog! I like that and have been recommending them to all my doggie friends! :)
We went there with our Siberian Husky that had been bitten by a snake they took our dog in the back and then it took quite some time before anyone came out.  Finally when they did the vet said he had to have antivenin immediately or else he could die.  They then brought us in invoices ranging from 3,000 to nearly 7,000 for treatment.  And that may not work.  I asked it his face could still swell from a dry bite since he was acting completely normal and was not showing any of the symptoms other than the swelling in his nose area.  They told me absolutely not.  Thankfully I have Google and found out that can be a possibility  of swelling only and no other symptoms with a dry bite.  I told them I wanted to go to another Animal Hospital closer to where we live that is approved by our vet checked out they made me sign paperwork that I was taking him without the doctors approval.  I go to the other Animal Hospital and they looked at Shadow and said they were pretty certain it was just a dry bite since swelling and effects were so minimal we left him there overnight and by the next morning almost all of the swelling was gone.  I am so happy that I trusted my gut and did not allow this place to pump my 9 month old puppy full of antivenin that he did not need.  I would not recommend this place to anyone.  All it seemed like they were interested in was the money it felt like a pressure sale when this should have been about my puppy and his health.
So I decided to come here because the previous animal hospital I went to was rude. As soon as we got in we were able to get a room. Wow! Waiting for dr Wayne and she was awesome. Very informative and willing to explain more into detail of my dogs condition which was diarrhea. She did mention and recommend options and was not very pushy, nor try to give us a guilt trip of our dogs health(like previous hospital). Spent about a couple hours there, got the meds, and hopefully now my dog will be better. I would recommend thus hospital!! Very friendly and informative staff!
Most places would say bring your dog in. Karen gave me great advice and I will be taking my dog here tomorrow. Karen thank you.
I used to spend a lot of time in pet stores when my former college roommate would take me to go shopping for her dogs and numerous other pets (fish, mice, rabbits). This store felt alright. So made me give this store 4 stars?    -Upon checkout, the short-haired cashier woman was very kind. She offered me plenty of useful information regarding training classes for the new puppy. And she all that without coming off pushy. She also set me up, rather quickly I may add, with the frequent shoppers card.    -Dr. Allison Berday - we brought our newly adopted puppy for his first visit to establish him as a patient and to make sure he's up-to-date on all his health care needs. She is the BEST. So if you live in the area and are looking for a knowledgeable, caring vet, she's your lady.
I know what you're thinking, 'this is not a real vet,' but I assure you they are awesome! From the front desk to the assistants to the vets, I have had zero negative experiences and my dog goes to see them once a month for blood work. Not one negative experience in a year!     They remember my name, they remember my dog's names, they treat me like they truly do value me and my pets. I really can't say enough about them.     I get reminders, phone calls, in and out quickly and always with the best attitudes. I won't take my dogs anywhere else, ever.     Don't let the fact that it's in Petsmart affect your decision, these are the best vets my dogs have ever gone to. You'll love them too!
It's been over two years since I've been here but the friendliness and helpfulness of all the staff has not changed! My dog was frightened, but their compassion eased both him and I!
My dog went in Tuesday for his rabies and distemper shots. I was kind of in a hurry to get him in and out but the doctors were having a meeting. So they gave me a free nail trim while I wait as and apology for waiting; what great service!  The next day, they called me to check how he's doing! I was pleasantly surprised with the call and their sincere concern. They also reminded me of his next appointment coming up!
So, the final word is that they will not cancel my wellness plan ... I signed a contract that they will not let me out of even though they cost me way more money than it would have been had I not done the comprehensive.     I will have to pay out of my checking account  every month even though I would NEVER EVER take my dog to banfield again ... By the way , small services for pets cost way more here on the plan than they do at other hospitals with no plan ... Wellness plans do not save you money!     If anyone has any ideas on how to get out of this plan, please let me know.
Dr. Mix is AMAZING!!!! I love taking my dogs to her. She is bright, energetic, and practices great medicine. I feel like I am at home when I take my dogs to see Dr. Mix. Tiffany, the Veterinary Technician, is so sweet and really compassionate. I would highly recommend Dr. Mix!!!!
Dr Mix is wonderful! She is a caring and practical vet. She is very good about explaining everything. I have been to vetinarians before that will try to get you to run every test and buy every pill by guilting you into it. Dr. Mix is very good about NOT doing that. She will suggest what she thinks is best, but won't try to do things that aren't necessary. Taking my dogs to this vet is out of my way now that I have moved, but I will not change my vet, I make the trip. The office staff and vet techs are all very good as well, very friendly and helpful. The prices are about average for vet visits, which isn't cheap as anyone with pets knows, but at least I am not paying for "extras" that I don't need.
This was my first visit & I was hoping for a positive experience since this place is in a great neighborhood & only 3 minutes away from my house. However, I feel pretty cheated in my visit today.     I brought my dog in for a full set of vaccinations & to bandage a broken, bleeding nail. Most* of the receptionist were pretty friendly & I was checked in relatively quick. The vet tech was super-friendly, though I never got her name. Since it was my first time, I got the next available veterinarian to check my dog.     I wasn't too comfortable with my dog being weighed, given shots, & being tested in a completely separate room. I was waiting for a very long time not knowing what was being done to my dog.    Dr. James was cordial, but a very cold. She wasn't thorough in explaining anything specific that was going on with my dog beyond what I had initially brought him in for. Just told me that she was going to do some tests, handed me a bunch of prescriptions, & sent me off my merry way completely lost in the dark. So I ended up paying over double what I had expected at the end of the visit.     The vaccinations were reasonably priced as my dog had to get a full set--$40. The exam/consultation for his nail was an additional $40. I was expecting the price to include the bandage since it was obvious that he was just bleeding & needed it to be wrapped, but  for some absurd reason I was charged an additional $29. Basically I spent $70 on a little Kwik Stop (styptic powder) & tape for my dog's foot. I was told my dog might have an ear infection, so Dr. James came back with a couple of prescriptions. The total bill was roughly $200 for tests & prescriptions I didn't even ask for.     I understand that these are probably things that my dog needs. However, when I'm not even aware of what's being done & charged by a doctor who's not even enthusiastic about my concern towards a family member, I won't sit easy with the experience & departure of my funds. When she left, I didn't get so much as even a hand shake--not a great first impression for me.     I'll probably return to that hospital just for convenience, but I will not use the same veterinarian again.
I've taken my two Shih Tzu's to this clinic a couple of times for shots and ear treatment. The vets are knowledgeable and have never tried to convince me that my dogs have any extra illnesses they don't really have. The clinic used to be a little pricey but now that they are priced the same as any other vet clinic in town it's a good clean convenient place to take your pet if you are in Southern Highlands.
i Googled this place up on my iphone, and the staff was very friendly! very nice and clean, no doggy smell, price was reasonable, i'll bring my Coco back for a check up in a month!
Brought my dog to get his annual shots. I thought because this is the only animal hosiptal in Sourthern Highlands there price would be outragous. Actually they were quite afforable. The hospital is very clean organized and well kept. The vet spent her time making sure any questions or concerns I had were answered. I will be back to south valley animal hospital.
This animal hospital is great.  The facility is neat and clean and the front staff and doctors are professional.  They take care of my two dogs as if they were their own, and that really matters to me.      My Shih Tzu had to stay over for a few days to be carefully monitored and the doc called us everyday with updates.  They answer our many questions, give us recommendations if they can, OOooh and they send out my pet insurance claims for me....aaaah thats doggy hospital service right there!
I've lived in Henderson for 3 years now and this is the only vet I will take my dog to.  Generally speaking, I've had a different vet for each visit.  They have all been great.  They all (vets and staff) know my dog, as he boards there about once a month for a couple days while I travel.  He's never behaved differently when coming out (and I do know there are animals that will behave differently after spending time boarding).    Nobody has ever tried to upsell me on anything.    There was one time there was a concern for my dog's health while he was boarding.  When he would go out, there was blood in his urine.  I was travelling, but they called immediately when they saw it.  They referred me to Las Vegas Veterinary Specialty Care Center for an ultrasound.  It turned out to be nothing, but I'm glad the vet called me right away - and also called later to see what the results were from LVVSC.    Prices are not bad at all.  Much cheaper than when I lived in northern Virginia.  Boarding is only $15/night for small dog kennels (I was paying $30/night in Virginia).
From beginning to the end of our sweet boy's life with us, the South Valley Staff and Dr. Benson were compassionate, thorough and understanding.  Dr. Benson worked tirelessly with us to try and control our dog's epilepsy.  While we can't say enough about the medical care and professionalism this clinic provided, it was receiving numerous calls on the doctor's off days, the techs who held our boy as he had a seizure, to the hugs at the end that truly made this place exceptional.  Blessed to have had our boy, and blessed to have found SV.
I recently got a puppy and saw the reviews on Yelp and decided to bring him here. The staff is really friendly and the doctors are great. The staff greets me and my pup with a smile and some even remember his name which gets his little tail wagging to hear the excitement in their voices. The doctors always give my puppy his shots in the room with me present. They never pressure me into having any services done and always go over their recommendations for preventative care.    I always leave here feeling like the doctors and staff really care for the animals they work with. They send postcards to remind you of what services your pet is due for. I always have a long list of questions about the care of my puppy and every doctor he has seen has taken the time to go over all of them with me. They never treat me like they're in a hurry.     The prices are decent and they are open every day. I am glad I brought my little guy here since the doctors and staff are so caring so I know he is in good hands.
I had a really crazy dog emergency and rushed my dog over just before noon on Friday. My dog has never been there before and I obviously didn't have an appointment. I called on my way to let them know I was coming and they informed me there could be a wait, since it was almost noon I figured we would be waiting quite a while, since I'm sure they were going to lunch.     I was waiting in the lobby maybe 10 minutes! This was including paperwork, And what an incredible staff. Everyone was really nice and prompt! Not something you find at a lot of vets. --especially on a Friday!!     Dr. Benson took great care of my baby boy, who had to stay for 3 days! She took great care of him and personally called me everyday to update me on his status.     I've got my little one back now and couldn't be more pleased with my experience at south valley animal hospital!     Thank you so much Dr. Benson.
I've been taking my 9 year old toy poodle here ever since we moved to Vegas about two years ago. He's had he yearly check ups & vaccines. He just recently has his teeth cleaned and they did an amazing job. We just got a puppy and she's been there for her 18 weeks shots & check ups. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Their prices are reasonable but I go bc if the friendly & caring staff. You can tell automatically that they love animals & what they do.
I had a black pekingese, 8lbs, 5yrs old, he is in my profile picture. He was healthy and didn't have any high or low blood levels during his yearly blood work. I took him in for a routine teeth cleaning and he had a cardiac arrest, while they were administering propofol and it took them 2 minutes to get oxygen to him.  He is a brachiocephalics dog, this I understand. This was not my first visit, this has been his veterinarian 3 1/2 years. She has put him under prior, twice. Once for a teeth cleaning and neutered. Under the circumstances, they should have had all proper equipment out and ready. However, they weren't and I no longer have my baby.   I also have a bulldog and she was having diarrhea, so I took her in. Dr. Dagle decided that since my other dog had worms, the bulldog did, too. She gave her worm medicine, without the test results back. I  did not give her the worm medicine,  we hadn't received results. Two days later, I get a call she tested negative for worms. I no longer ever wanted to see Dr. Dagle.   Negligence seems to happen in this office a bit too much.  I can't believe I have to give it a star.
Dr. Daigle is the best Vet I've ever gone to! She's the only one I want treating my 2 dogs now.
Love this place! I bring my dogs here for their vaccines and they are extremely affordable! I've also boarded my chihuahua here and he did great. Boarding prices are great too! The girls at the desk are friendly as well are the doctors and their assistants. I recommend this place to anyone. They run specials on their website, so be sure to check that out before hand.
Took my new rescue dog here for shots and was very happy with the service.  The prices are very fair, nice staff, clean office- can't ask for anything more.  Thanks for taking good care of my dog!
It was my first time here with my new puppy(9weeks-old) who had ticks&fleas from his old home. I saw the rating and since it was pretty close to my home I decided to check up my puppy here. I told the vet that I found ticks and fleas last night and wanted to check my poor puppy if he's alright. They came back 5 mins later telling me that hes fine. Later the same day when I came home, I found two fleas between his eyes and a bump that looked like it was there for a few days. I called them up complaining that I spent $42 just for a checkup and came home finding more bugs on him. The vet started stuttering on the phone. He didn't know wat to say to me. Never coming back here. I suggest somewhere else.
Excellent care. My dog was referred over by his primary doctor for cloudiness in his eye.     The clinic is very clean, there are refreshments for both critters and their chauffeurs. The receptionist was very sweet and friendly, as was the vet tech. Dr. Smith was very amiable and very affectionate to my dog. He swiftly ruled out some things we were concerned about and came to a diagnosis right away. While the combination of problems were unusual for his breed and unusual for both to occur together, he said the eye drops should clear up the problems in a few weeks with no permanent issues. Hooray!     I feel confident my animals are in good care here. Animal ophthalmologists aren't  a dime a dozen, so feel privileged that we have such good choices in our town! (And no, I don't work for these guys! Haha.)
This place is really slow on helping you out. I went in for an appointment with my dog. I went up to the counter checked in with the consultant and she told me to have a seat. I sat down on the benches they have before escorting you to a waiting room to see the vet. After waiting about 30 minutes i finally got into the room and i sat for about another 40minutes to wait. The vets assistant came in took my dogs temperature and pulse. She walked out and told me the vet would be with me shortly. If by shortly they mean having to wait another 20minutes. The vet walks in to examine my pet. Takes my pet to the back and brings her back within 15 minutes. And by the time i pay and get my medicine for my dog from checkin at 830 i left at almost 11. And their was not many people i would say me and 3other pet owners. Ive gone to the animal hospital up on Durango and dessert inn and in and out within 45minutes. By the time i check in till the time i walk out the door. I would say tho the staff here at the ban-field at the petsmart are very friendly.
I don't usually write reviews like this but I'm furious! I took my puppy to take care of some kennel cough and banfield charged me $55 for a weeks worth of amoxicillin!! I went to a vet on my side of town and the amoxicillin was $7 and it was 2 weeks worth! Shame on banfield animal hospital I will tell everyone I know about the kind of crooks they are
Aloha Animal Hospital is my new veterinarian for my dog. I have now been for two visits.     The docs/owners are Dr. Jamie Sulliban and Dr. Jason Sulliban. They are husband and wife and the mother of  Dr. Jason Sulliban is one of the secretaries. They treat you and your pet as if you are one of their family.     They seem to go above and beyond for their customers and their patients. I checked the mail the other day and there was a picture of my dog in the mailbox... " What the heck?!?!?! " Well it turns out it was a custom made post card with my dogs picture on it reminding me he needed his shots. I thought that was pretty cool.     So a few days later we go in for our appointment and we are greeted and my dog is given attention by everyone in there. We were put in the exam room where I see a plastic stand with a message on it. It says something like "your dog has had a treat so here's one for you. Enjoy and the DR. will be with you soon." It was a Mauna Loa chocolate covered macadamia nuts. Wow I REALLY LOVE this place now. Even I get a treat.     So the Doc comes in and he does a full exam, askes how he has been, and administers the vaccinations. Well I brought in all the vitamins and such I am giving my dog and he looked them over and answered all my questions. The two times  have been here the Doc has spent quite a significant amount of time with me. The other three animal hospitals I've have tried seem to come in and leave just as fast. This place seems to truly care and spend that extra time with the pets and the customers.     To top it all off the next day I receive a phone call and it is Aloha asking how my dog is doing and checking to make sure after all his shots and everything he is doing well. I got a check up call for my dog...I've never even gotten one of those for myself!!!     I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a great animal hospital that truly cares.
I'm sooo happy I stumbled upon this place.      I went in, encountered awesome staff from the start, Patty was great who is Dr. Jason's mom :).  Very clean environment (facility is 2 yr old) & decorated with cute lil details all the way to paw prints on the ceiling.  They took an adorable picture of my pup and put it on my receipt, it even said Happy Mother's Day haha.  I was in and out in a flash and I didn't worry about the safety of my dog, they treated her with the best care.     I will definitely be going back in 2 weeks.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!
I would not take my dog anywhere else other than Aloha. The staff is professional, kind, and always makes me feel like my dog is their primary concern. I have called their offices on numerous occasions after my dog got into things she wasn't supposed to, and Dr. Cheryl and Dr. Jason both have returned my calls promptly and given me the information I needed to. All without making me feel like an over protective or over worrisome puppy mommy.     I love the little post card reminders they send out with my dog on the front as reminders of appointments and shot schedules! If you go around Halloween, they will dress the animal up for the picture and the result is the cutest post card ever! I also appreciate the fact that after every visit, they call to see how my dog is doing. It really shows they care about her well-being.    Our experiences there have been phenomenal and I will never take my dog anywhere else!
After moving to Las Vegas about 3 years ago I was very nervous to find a new vet. I was recommended to Aloha by a coworker, and I couldn't be happier. All three of my dogs get the best absolute care. My middle dog had had tonhave surgery twice and they have made it so much less stressful. I cannot give them a high enough recommendation.
I haven't had a real vet for my dogs in awhile, but I am not huge on vaccinations every year and they have been healthy.  My old vet was in Summerlin and just too far away for emergencies.    My Papillon got sick yesterday and we were panicked because he didn't have a vet, so we called the place we get our dog food and they recommended Aloha.  The vets were in surgery, so they asked we bring him in right away so the staff could monitor him until they could examine him.   They were super nice at the front desk and were so sweet and didn't judge us for not having him up to date on vaccines.  They had a nice waiting room and could tell all the other patients   (animal or otherwise) liked being there.  We dropped off the dog and they called us a few hours later to ask some questions, as he had recovered almost completely since we dropped him off.  Dr Cheryl had lots of questions about his past and behaviors to understand how he got so sick so fast and recovered just as fast. She was super nice and answered all of my questions.  We picked him up and everyone at the front desk was asking all about him and how he was feeling when we checked out, and you could tell they actually cared.
I'm 28 years old and got my first dog last year, a little 3 lb. Yorkie, so I was very particular and did a lot of research for a vet before I committed to one, and I have to say that the folks at Aloha were fantastic! This was of course, the first vets office I've ever been to, and the whole staff was great. No long wait, and the vet was very sweet and informative, as Sasha is my first baby! They even have chocolate covered macadamia nuts waiting for you in the room! The next week I had to take Sasha to an emergency vet as she hit her head and my vet wasn't open, and the next day the vet at Aloha called to check up her and make sure that she was OK. Great experience, highly recommended vet!
The Aloha Animal Hospital and its staff made one of the hardest days of my life a little easier.  The staff was so kind and patient, gave me and my husband as much privacy as possible so we could be alone with our fuzzy son during the last moments of his life.  They made the most beautiful memorial pieces to take home with our dogs ashes.  When I am ready for another dog I will definitely be go to Aloha for all my animal care needs.
My current vet is closing, so I needed to find a new (and close to home) doctor for my dogs. Several people recommended Aloha AH.     I was immediately impressed with the receptionist when I called. She was personal, friendly, and kind.     When we got there, I was again impressed with the front office. They were efficient and thorough. AND they were really nice to my dogs (who are not the easiest patients).    We saw Dr. Cheryl. She was thorough, friendly, and spent a lot of time answering my questions.     I'm thrilled to have my dogs return for their teeth cleanings and future check-ups. We've definitely found a new home.    The only reason I didn't give Aloha 5 stars is that they are on the pricier side. The dental estimate for each dog is in the $500 range.
I took my brand new pup in for a check up and was BEYOND impressed!  The staff was kind, helpful and explained everything in great detail.  Dr. Zimmermann was absolutely amazing and very personable.  I will definitely be taking my dog back here from now on.
Although the Dr's at Aloha are very kind and talented....the whole office just can't seem to get it together. I have had my dogs in there numerous times for everything from surgeries to teeth cleanings. The bill is never what they say it's going to be, and when I schedule them for their shots, I have to go back several times because this or that has been overlooked. It does not give me a good feeling about going there . Be careful when taking your beloved there. I know we will not be returning.
I can't say enough good things about this Vet! My puppy just got her last set of puppy shots today, and every time I have gone, I have been beyond impressed with the quality and cleanliness of this place. They assign your dog to one of two doctors, giving them the chance to really get to know your puppy.     The cleanliness of this place is amazing. They really take their job seriously here. They even assign you to a small examination waiting room where you can sit with your dog privately. The doctor has always taken the time to answer any of my questions.    If you are looking for a vet that is personal, clean, friendly, and professional, look no further! I live on the other side of town, but it is so worth the drive to know that my dogs will be taken care of here!
I've worked for several vet clinics over the years in 3 different states so when I go into a clinic with my own dogs now that I no longer work for a vet I have a list of criteria Im always "hoping" is achieved.    1. Cleanliness - my first impression is that they actually look the time and effort to fully decorate the facility and have managed to maintain the aesthetics dispite urine and feces daily, im sure. I noticed clever and cool details like paw prints in the ceiling tiles as well as the decals for the exam rooms and candy for the owners.    Professionalism - from my initial phone call to reception to the vet and checkout, you guys rocked it.    Knowledge - dr. Zimmerman is awesome, she knows her stuff and I appreciated the fact that she didn't insult my medical intelligence. She also followed thru with calling me with test results, something I have found rare in Vegas.    I really appreciated that no one was afraid of my dogs breed or that we were treated like thugs because of it.    The prices are competitive and I have found my new vet clinic, thank god!    Keep up the great work!    Thanks so much,    Love Glass, Glynis, Starla and Zero Roades
Love this place. Dr jason ia super nice and very friendly. I only take my dog here and recommend this place to everyone I know who has a pet.
Since my last review we got ourselves a great pooch. We liked Aloha and their staff so much we decided to continue our relationship with them. We are so pleased. The staff is so nice, they feel like family. We've been seeing Dr. Jaimie and we love her. The staff follows up on how he's doing after a visit and will answer your questions any time you call. The facility is clean, quiet and comfortable. Us dog parents even get a treat when we visit!
I am so very pleased with Aloha. I moved from out of state and was very anxious about getting quality care for my pets. I stopped in one day and was given a tour, which included the surgical suite and boarding facility. Being that they took me right back I knew that they had nothing to hide from customers. I was worried about transferring all the vaccine info and being sure that we didn't miss anything. Aloha's great front office staff took care of requesting all the records from my previous vet and I begain receiving reminders for vaccinations right away. I have seen all the vets here and have found them all to be professional and caring. I usually see Dr. Jamie and she is wonderful about calling back with lab results. She was off the next day after I had lab work done for my dog but had stopped into the practice on her way to running errands and took the time to get my results and call me. When I mentioned I thought she was off today she said well I was in the area and I knew you were anxious about getting the results.  In my opinion that says it all. All the gals at the front desk are wonderful. The facility is spotless and they have some little treats for everyone (people and pets) just to make you feel a little more comfortable.
I couldn't recommend this pet hospital more. The staff was so kind and helped  me through my doggy crisis. The dr. was very informative and walked me through what we needed to do to take care of my sick pup.  She even called to check up on Sheldon, not the tech or a front office lady but the Dr.  Her self,I was highly impressed.     I called a few other pet hospitals around and they all wanted to do a drop off and many test immediately. Aloha talked me through each step, making sure I was ok and understood what they were doing.     I can only say great things about Aloha.
I love this place. I just got my first puppy and had MANY questions and concerns. Dr. Cheryl was amazing! I even called with a million questions and Cheryl called me right back and answered every one!
I have a huge Koi pond and when I discovered several dead Koi and other Koi with open sores I did not know what was going on. I did a search on Koiphen.com and discovered that Alola Animal Hospital' Dr. Jason treates sick Koi. Dr Jason showed up at my home with his microscope and quickly identified the disease and type of parasites my Koi had. He provided my Koi with treatment and the Koi after 1 week were completely healed saving me thousands of dollars in losses! I will now be taking my dogs to Aloha as I feel they are a unique Vet
I still think Aloha is really good and thorough, but I wasn't sure they were THAT much better than the rest to justify costing significantly more than every other place in town. The last time, I experienced some pretty sh*tty customer service choices that basically pushed me over to going elsewhere.     I had to take my dog in for an exam before he was eligible for pet insurance. I had specifically asked if I would have to pay the $40 exam fee a 2nd time when I brought my dog in for shots a couple weeks later, and the guy on the phone (a receptionist or tech) said no it'll be applied to the bill so I would only have to pay for shots. Great.     When I brought my dog in for routine shots and tests, I saw the total was $120 (yeah that's how expensive they are) including the $40 exam fee. When I asked about the charge, the very nice receptionist spoke to the doctor (not Dr. Jamie, it was another female doctor who's name I can't recall). She said the person on the phone was wrong, and too bad you'll just have to pay it again. I told them so you'd rather have a $40 fee than the $900+ I was about to spend on dentals for both my dogs - they said yes, and that's their (stupid) choice.     If they had performed an actual service, I honestly would've understood, but an "exam" consists of merely listening to their heart w/ a stethescope and palpating (feeling) their stomach. It's a soft cost, and something that a lot of other vets don't even charge when you're already paying for shots. I paid $600 for both my dogs to get dentals and extractions at green valley animal hospital vs the $900+ I was quoted at aloha. So I saved at least $300 and I hope that you're very happy with your measly $40.     I'm a dumb@ss and scheduled my dog's appointment before the insurance actually was active, so I did pay that $40 out of my pocket. Otherwise I wouldn't be so p*ssed about it.     So I do think Aloha is a good vet if you have insurance, or are willing to overpay. I really liked Dr. Jamie, but be sure to get any quotes in writing, and be sure to ask the price of things before they do them - they charge $50 just for a fecal and heartworm test. Something I kind of wish they had mentioned beforehand.
Great care for my two Goldens.  The staff are friendly and my dogs receive excellent care.  Moved here from California and I am grateful that my doggies have a good doctor who cares about their well being.
I am no longer a client of aloha animal hospital. I have found them to be over priced, understaffed, and unprofessional. Additionally, based on the unprofessional nature of the current employees, I worry about the safety of my dog in their care. I have changed vets and will never return to aloha.
Everyone who works here is so friendly and helpful that it's always a good experience and even my dog feels comfortable here. Dr. Sheryl is my vet and she's very thorough. The facility is clean and smells nice, the vet techs will come out from behind the desk to say hello and pet your animal and give them a treat. It's just really nice to have people who care about the health of your animal as much as you do.
Sorry I wanted to like this place. Aloha donated a dog to local fund raiser and the dog went to the highest bidder. We fell in love with the dog and ended up with the winning bid. Included in the purchase price was all of the his immunization shots. We were assured in person that night  by Aloha's vets we would not have to worry about ANY of his shots and was included in the + $2000 price. I asked all his shots? They said yes ALL.  And to me ALL means the life or until his immunizations are completed.     During his initial visit they wanted to charge us the fee to for his shots.  I asked the girl in front to check with  the vet about the inclusion of all his shots that came with the purchase price. After about 45 mins they did confirm that we will not be charged.     2nd appointment came about 8 months later. Wife took him in this time. They ended up charging her the fee for his shots. My wife didn't want to cause a stir and paid the fee. She didn't tell me until 2 days ago,  the day I said these guy's have no Aloha! Same day I tried to schedule another set of shots. I told the rude and unhelpful girl on the phone the story about our pet. They had no paperwork on our pet and needed to confirm with the vet. Get a call back 30 mins later and says vet can't remember the terms but thinks the included shots was for a year from time of purchase. That was it! I complete give up on Aloha to care for our pet as it doesn't seem they have Aloha. I know, I'm from Hawaii. ALOHA also MEANS GOODBYE! I hate giving bad reviews but it's warranted and the public must know. Especially about the rude and short customer service.
I have 2 Italian greyhound mixes that HATE going to the vet. Vet visits have always been traumatic for both mommy and the kids - usually a fun filled hour of muzzles, crying, and once even projectile pooping. Good times...     I decided to try aloha because its close to my new place, had great reviews, and yes partly because I'm from Hawaii too. I'm glad I decided to give them a try, because this was the best veterinary experience I've had so far in Vegas. Even before I got there, their front office staff was great on the phone - taking the time to answer any questions I had. I also appreciate the reminder call the day before.     My kids are normally sweet, but they completely freak out when it's vet time. My happy baby boy becomes this vicious little thing, enough that I need to sedate him w acepromazine and muzzle him at home. My little old lady is more controllable but always cries during shots, and she has never once failed to spray her anal glands due to fear.     Because Aloha is close to my house, I opted to take them in separately, so that honestly may be a factor. But our visits with Dr. Jamie were by far the easiest and least stressful vet visits we've ever had. A lot of vets won't let you handle your pets on the table even muzzled because of liability issues, in case you get bitten by your own dog (yet another thing ruined by lawsuits). I spoke to them ahead of time and got an ok since mine freak out even more being wrestled down by strangers.     Both kids were really good, and I may not have even needed muzzles, but will continue just in case. Dr. Jamie and her techs were really nice and calm - there was no struggling and thankfully NO anal glands sprayed on me! I was worried since they do blood draws from the neck instead of leg, but even that went smoothly with both dogs.     I absolutely love this place, but the one and only downside is that they cost SIGNIFICANTLY more than the 3 vets I've been to in the past. It was $121/dog just for an exam, shots including bordatella, heart worm and fecal (parasites) test. I really don't want to be cheap when it comes to health care for my kids, but without pet insurance to cover the cost, I don't know that I would pay that much having only paid $75 in the past.     Not factoring in their pricing, I would highly recommend aloha to anyone with pets. But I hesitate since a lot of people can't (or won't) pay that much more for routine visits like vaccines.
I can't say enough good things about Aloha Animal Hospital.  They are always kind and courteous.  The entire staff is never too busy to answer any and all questions you have about your pets.  I have 2 dogs that are very shy every staff member knows this and makes every effort possible to make them more comfortable.  Dr. Jason knows that he needs to come in and sit for about 5 minutes to let the girls warm up to him.  He never tries to manhandle them, instead he waits until they are ready to be examined.  In this world of hurry up and every minute of a vet's time is money that is rare to find.  They don't recommend unnecessary procedures and it is always about the pets well being over time and money.
Awesome place! The staff was so friendly and informative. I had numerous questions about different things and they were nice enough to explain every step of the process. I am definitely bringing my dog back to this place!
Great place !  First visit was great, we came back and had some dental work done for my dog they were amazing they gave us updates and called us when he was ready couldn't ask for anything more! Wouldn't take my dog anywhere else !!
I am so dissapointed at the aloha animal hospital. I had my puppy stay here for 3days for boarding and it was my first time being separated from my puppy so i was really nervous. Every staff was very nice so i was very relieved. They said if a dog stays there for 3 days my puppy gets a free bath so i called in the morning before i went to go pick her up to make sure she already got a bath and they told me on the phone that she already did. When i went to go pick her up every staff was very friendly like always and my puppy came out with a strong perfume spray smell. Well i was really excited to takw her home and got in the car and when i got home i find out that she did not get a bath and they just sprayed tons of perfume spray on her. So i called them back to ask if she really did get a bath and the lady put me on hold to find out for me. She checked with the person that was in charge of my puppy and told me that she did. Its not that big of a problem that she did not get a bath. Its the fact that they are not telling me the truth and just trying to get away with it. I am just so upset that i trusted these people to take care of my puppy for the last few days ans who knows if shw really did get the service that they promised me when i left her with them. I even signed up for vip boarding which allows more play time and treats and now i do not trust them and i truly regret trusting this place. Im getting a headache from the spray that they sprayed on her and she feels very greasy and its just gross. I usually never leave negative reviews about a place but i am just so upset right now. I am very very dissapointed and i will never go back to this place who is not honest.
Like many others who have written reviews before me, I found the place to be overpriced.  However, there hours (available when we needed them on Saturday evening) made up for some of that.  Also, the vet, can't remember her name now, seemed to know what she was doing and helped us get a correct diagnosis for our poor sick doggie.
Tempe Animal Hospital.  Baseline Animal Clinic.      Though it is a clean place with a nice staff, I too feel, like the many other reviews below, like they are ripping me off.  I've taken my dog there 5 or 6 times, but this is the last.  They guilt you into feeling like you should be paying $500 for multiple tests (urine, blood, stool) all at once, instead of trying perhaps one test at a time or really trying to diagnose the problem.  They don't talk about the issues in the room with you, but go out and work-up an estimate and bring it back in, like your dog is a car or something.  No other vet I've been to behaves this greedily.  I don't feel guilty for going to another vet who charges me less, works with me to find a cure and doesn't inflate their prices.
University Animal Hospital saved my little Chihuahua's life.  He had run away from home and got caught underneath a chain-link fence.  The damage was extensive.  He was bleeding profusely and in shock.   Without any hesitation, they took him in and immediately began saving him.      The scars have healed. He is healthy, happy, and back to normal.    Their facility is clean and professional.  I feel incredibly comfortable taking my dog there for everything (e.g. grooming, shots, check-ups.)    To all the people that complain about the price: you get what you pay for.  I would rather pay 20% more and know that my vet is getting a reasonable profit margin.  There is a reason that University can get away with charging more than other vet hospitals in the vicinity.
We had to have our old dog euthanized and the vet (don't know his name, unfortunately) was so kind and gentle with all of us.   He handled the situation with class and grace.  I would give them 5 stars, but, again, they were a bit overpriced.  However, for this, it was worth it.
The service my dogs received was always top notch. The doctors were always conscientious and polite and the service was always prompt.     But I have to agree with other posters; the bill always seemed pretty hefty.
My dog came in with what they told me was a  fractured toe (he is all better now) ...It was very expensive (Over $1200 and all he really needed was a splint- not sure he even needed that).       The surroundings are impressive - like a real hospital, extremely clean and spacious.  The bill was astronomical, they have a huge billing staff  that  seemed ready to calculate all the costs...I definitely will not be going back.
This place is expensive and that's just it. BUT, they are also extremely professional and have the staff, resources and equipment to deal with pretty much anything your pet comes down with. Long time customer.    Most recent experience, I found a dog wondering around my neighborhood on a Sunday. He didn't have a collar so I called them up to see if they can scan him for a chip. Drove there, the staff scanned him, called the chip company, got the owners info, contacted the owner and reunited the dog with them within an hour.    4 stars because of price.
When your little beagle starts hacking and coughing like someone who smokes 4 packs a day, you have to do something. I called around to some other nearby places to get price comparisons and the price to go to the University Animal Hospital was only slightly higher than others (not too much more, between 5 and 10 bucks) and they got me in the day I called. The other places, while cheaper, said I'd have to wait a few days. No thank you.     The place was much bigger than it looks from the outside. It was clean, the staff was friendly and they took good care of my little girl. (who had doggie whooping cough, by the way. She picked it up at the county shelter when I took her to get a rabies shot.)    University Animal Hospital opened in this neighborhood in Tempe in 1962 making them the oldest vet in Tempe and one of the oldest in the Arizona. Like I always say, if any business can remain in business that many years in this city, they must be doing something right.     My little girl got  two shots, some medicine and a regular exam and it cost me about 140 bucks. I don't know if that's "too much" or "too little" but my dog is better, I didn't have to drive very far and I went on my lunch break. Seems worth it to me.
This has been my favorite vet I've ever been to, or rather, my pets have ever been to. I have never had a problem getting an appointment. Even when it is an emergency they have never had a problem getting in within an hour without having to pay the emergency fee.     Some vets here are better than others and when it's an emergency it's a crap shoot as to who you end up seeing but they all seem to be concerned about your pet. The girls at the front desk get you in a room almost as soon as you walk in the door and I have never felt rushed during the appointment.    I have a bit of a difficult case in one of my dogs and the staff is never scared or intimidated by her. They are happy to get a muzzle and skip the weigh in if they see that my dog is very scared to be there. Only once have I had a vet that wanted to write her off. Most vets have been optimistic and understanding.     Unless something extremely out of character happens I have no plans to see another vet. I would continue to go to University Animal Hospital even if I moved outside of Tempe.
This place is truly a one-stop-shop for all things related to pets.  I've been taking my dog (Charlie) here for over 6 years.  They probably offer more services than these, but these are what I've experienced so far:    * Veterinary Services = Up until recently I didn't have a regular doctor so I just saw whoever was available because my dog just needed a checkup and/or shots.  All the doctors on staff there are very nice and very helpful and seem to really care about your pet.  Now that my dog has some health problems I try to see the same doctor.  I highly recommend doctor Bjornebo.      * Grooming = Once every 3 or 4 months when I go out of town and leave my dog there in their kennel, I ask that he be groomed.  When I pick him up he is clean, smells nice and has a nice haircut.  I honestly have no idea who the groomer is but he/she does a very good job.  I like it that I just tell the receptionist that I want my dog groomed and they take care of it all before I pick him up.    *  Boarding = Every couple of months I leave my dog here when I go out of town for a few days.  I have no idea if he likes it or not but I don't get any complaints from him.  All the boarding care taker people seem to know my dog because he has become a regular and they all seem very nice.  Who knows what goes on when I am not there, but my dog always gets returned in once piece so I can't complain.  When you pick your dog up they give you a cute little "report card" letting you know about your dog's stay.  They always write that my dog is a little cutie and a pleasure but I think they say that about all the dogs because mine can be a bit of an a-hole sometimes.  I always get an inside cage because they throw in an extra walk which my dog loves.  I also splurge and buy a "TLC Time" which is extra play time for an extra charge.  I'm a sucker..I know.    * Doctor Supervised Boarding = This is like a hospital for your pet if they have semi-serious health issues and you are unable to properly care for them at your home.  I had no idea this existed until recently when my dog came down with vestibular disease brought on by valley fever.  Basically he was extremely disoriented and couldn't walk or move very much at all.  There was no way I could care for him at home so I brought him there for a few days and he was babied by a bunch of doctors and nurses.  I was provided with regular status updates and was able to visit whenever I wanted.  I was also surprised that it wasn't that much more expensive than regular boarding (under $10/day more I think).        A lot of reviews on here talk about how this place is too expensive.  Their services aren't cheap but I can't comment on how much more they are than at other places because I haven't comparison shopped.  The prices aren't outrageous (I think) and I like the service my dog and I get so I can't complain.  Plus their hours are awesome so that is a plus.  I just wish they had some kind of frequent shopper program for boarding, grooming and/or other stuff because I spend so much money there.....
I would give this place high marks for overall quality in terms of the care your pet receives. The price is higher than most but not enough to warrant switching providers. We we board our dogs there, they seem well cared for when we pick them up vs other places where they looked very tired and drained.     Things they absolutely need to improve upon are the front office staff. While polite, they take FOREVER to check you in and out. Imagine the concessions at a crowded movie theater, these guys are a 1,000 times slower.     Then, finally, FINALLY, they reach for the precious walkie-talkie to release your dog.     They literally move at two speeds: slow and stop    If you think I'm exaggerating, try it for yourself and be prepared to wait and wait and wait...
When I moved to the valley 14 years ago, University Animal Hospital was recommended to me for boarding.  They were too far away from where I lived to go to for vet visits.  I took one of my dogs there for years until she passed away.  I got two more dogs and started boarding them there as well until I came home from a trip to find 5 staples in one of my dogs hip with no explanation as to what happened other than "we came in one morning and found her bleeding".  The best part - I was billed for the surgery.  Really?  They finally refunded me my money for the surgery and the management was responsive after I called.  But, I've never gone back.  This wasn't a small cut - it took 5 staples (STAPLES) to close the wound.  My regular vet tended to her afterwards.  This was a few years ago and I wrote a review on Google at that time.  But now with yelp it deserves being mentioned again.
Wow!  What a response.  I am so glad we aren't using these guys anymore.  NEVER NEVER did they tell me they suspected this was a bite wound.  I was told they thought she caught herself on something.  My vet DID NOT THINK it was a bite wound.  It was a VERY CLEAN LONG SLICE.  Wow.  If it was a bite wound - I should have been told they thought that.  Oh my.  The dog that was wounded is my alpha dog.  The other dog is very docile and calm and has NEVER NEVER shown any aggression towards my others dogs and they've been boarded together (with another one of my dogs) numerous times since then at a new place and NEVER EVER have there been any aggression issues.  Wow.
I just took my beloved Rat Terrier in to have him put down today.  He was 15 years old.  He wasn't eating, he had no energy and it was obviously time for him to go.    I can't thank the staff at the hospital enough for their caring, kind and outstanding handling of the situation.  I have had numerous dogs put down in the past at other places, I have never been treated so wonderfully as I was today here.      I called in advance and told them who I was and what dog I was bringing in.  When we got there, they did not make us wait, they had a room available and took us right in, even stopping in the middle of what they were doing to make sure we didn't have to wait in the waiting area.  I don't mind waiting, but in this kind of circumstance it really is much better to get some privacy as fast as possible.    The lady that took us in there was so empathetic to our feelings, I mean, for most dog lovers and owners, this is pretty much a very emotional time.  She took payment in the exam room instead of having us do that after it was all said and done.  That was such a good thing for us, we were teary eyed and having to go out and pay afterwards would have been very uncomfortable.      The vet that came in was the perfect person with the perfect personality.  She stroked our little doggy and spoke some kind words to him and us.  It isn't easy to put a dog down, but they made it as painless as possible considering the circumstances.  They even made a set of doggy paws for us, encased in a nice, leather-bound box and a poem, plus a place to put a pic of him.      I have read other reviews, yes they are a little more expensive than other places, but I will gladly pay out a bit extra to get the kind of treatment I get at their office.  I have nothing but good to say about the staff there, they are caring professionals and it shows.
This does not apply to the veterinarians to your office but this applies to the front office staff at your clinic.  This is my second time complaining about the front office and it is apparent to me that no changes have been made in which I was told last time I wrote on Yelp that you take complaints seriously!    I am writing you today because I am extremely disturbed with my last visit to your office which was on the evening of Saturday December 10, 2011.  My husband and I went to your office with our dog that was pronounced dead on arrival.  Our dog was not sick and we have no idea how she passed which makes it so hard on us.  Dr. Tascon was very professional and answered all of our questions the best he could.  He was also empathetic for our loss.  In the room he was filling out the paperwork for our dog to be cremated.  On that paperwork it said the cost was $91 and Dr. Tascon also told us it was $91.  Well when we went to checkout, obviously very sad about our loss, we were told the cost was $125.  My husband said that he was told $91 and the girl said well the cost went up and it is not my fault billing hasn't updated the paperwork.  Dr. Tascon overheard and stayed at the counter and the girl then gave the paperwork to the girl sitting directly next to her and said can you do this and she said mumbled something.  I don't know verbatim what was said because again I just lost my dog Bella.  The cost was adjusted but really what poor service from those two girls!    I just cannot believe how your front office has in the past and continues to be bitter and obviously not customer service orientated.  I don't know if you don't pay them enough or if they are treated poorly that they have such a poor attitude!  Certainly in this economy you can find individuals to work for you that are friendly and courteous.  I don't expect the front office to be professional but I do expect them to be nice!  I am sorry for any of you front office workers at that office that are nice.
I used to really like this place until I feel they started gouging my wallet. I know the costs of running a veterinarian hospital is probably very high, but every time there's something wrong with my dog the only options I'm given are expensive treatments at their office. Maybe I was spoiled when I was younger, but I remember having a vet for our family pets that always made a point to suggest home remedies first; she would include that they often were as sure a bet as what the vet had to offer, but the effort to help us save some money meant a lot to me. I don't want a vet that throws red flags in my face for the slightest problems.
First off let me say that the vet and staff where wonderful!!  The vet even kept my puppy in her office with her instead of in the back between procedures and she called me on her day off.         I had to take my puppy here the weekend we moved into a new house.   She had started vomiting and wasn't acting right.  My husband and I where very concerned because we had already done through parvo with her and her sister a couple of months before.  It was a Saturday afternoon and being new to the area didn't know where to go so I jumped on Google maps and found that University Animal hospital was open.  I called and explained what was going on and they told me to come on over and they would try to squeeze me in as soon as they could.      Long story short Lucy was fine nothing majorly wrong,  found out that she got into a plant at the new house that was toxic.       I don't like when my animals get sick but it is nice to know that I have a vet close that I feel comfortable taking them to.
This place is wonderful!     We found out that our puppy had luxating patella and needed surgery on her knee (one for now, eventually both). We did some research and found that it is very costly. I called University Animal Hospital even though they were in Tempe (we live in N Phoenix) because they had gotten excellent reviews online. As it turned out, they were also the least expensive option for Luna's surgery. Dr. Koch had wonderful reviews so we decided to meet with him and decide if we felt comfortable getting her surgery done there.    Dr. Koch was excellent - way beyond my expectations. I have been to many vets and he is by far the best I have ever encountered. He is extremely kind and understanding and wonderful with our puppy. He explained exactly what would be done, why it needed to be done and made it simple and easy to understand. He was very upfront about everything and even though we were told by a prior vet that she needed all these extra tests, Dr. Koch said we did not. He did not charge us for anything beyond what we needed. He made a very stressful event much more manageable and much easier.     The week after the surgery, Dr. Koch called us every day. Even after, he called us a couple of times a week to check on her and was always available to answer questions, even on weekends. He always returned our calls very quickly.    I highly recommend University Animal Clinic and specifically Dr. Koch to anyone. It is worth the drive for us and we will not be taking Luna anywhere else from now on.
Wanted to say a very big Thank You!  to Dr. Evan Ware at University Animal Hospital    Great place! My dachshund had an allergic reaction to a DHPP vaccination given to her at AZ PET RESORT, and when i brought her back, after only being home for 20 minutes,, ( her back was in spasm and she had hives ) i drove right back to AZ PET RESORT, they said she had IVDD,( Intervertebral disc disease, ) and that she wasn't having an allergic reaction to the vaccine. Long story short, i brought her into University Animal Hospital 36 hours later, and Dr.Evan was awesome! She DID have an allergic reaction to the vaccination, She was misdiagnosed at AZ PET RESORT. She is no longer having back spasms ( the DHPP vaccination had given her muscle spasms near the injection site , more like a single involuntary muscle contraction every few minutes, as well as her looking puffed up ( hives ) especially around her eyes ). Thank you so much for your continued care, and I will only use University Animal Hospital as my vet. God Bless! --- Also, ( forgot to mention )-- on wednesday night my dog was having really bad diarrhea and I needed something immediately, didn't want to just give her Immodium AD --( i'm always using google to try and find an alternate cure )- they said I'd have to bring her in for an exam since she hadn't had metronidazole before. About 20 minutes later, one of the doctors at UAH called me, and since GG had been given  metronidazole back in 2010 for colitis and the diarrhea, she took care of it and wrote a prescription for my dog, without having to pay for another exam. I am really hurting financially right now after this week of hell since GG was given the DHPP vaccination at AZ Pet Resort. Thank God for University Animal Hospital, They run laps around the other vets I've been to. The doctors at UAH are awesome! Thanks again - Dr. Ware called me after I emailed him on tuesday after constant worry of my GG, he helped ease my worrying - I really appreciate UAH doesn't get upset after excessive phone calls & emails, I'm glad they understand how much our pets mean to us!
My two-year-old Boston terrier, Igor, has been a patient of Dr. Roe's his entire life, and it's been great experience.     When I first got Igor, I was a total puppy novice. Prior to our first puppy exam, I had a really, really long list of questions. Dr. Roe patiently and thoroughly answered each of them, and I left that visit feeling very confident about our choice in vets. Since then, Dr. Roe has continued to be fantastic. She's kind and caring, always remembers Igor, asks follow up questions from our last visit, and is always thorough and positive.     During Igor's last annual exam in September, I mentioned that my little guy had become a picky eater. Dr. Roe suggested a couple of ideas--switching his food, cutting down on treats, etc.--and then followed up with us a week later to see how he was doing. I thought that was pretty cool. I don't know about you guys, but my personal primary care physician has never called me to follow up on any concerns I've mentioned during my annual physical, so I thought it was pretty incredible that my vet did! Fast forward a month later, and guess who I got another call from? Dr. Roe, of course, just calling to see how picky little Igor was doing. (He's fine.)    In addition to Dr. Roe being so awesome, the clinic has great hours--they're open weekends and evenings. We've seen a couple of other docs there, and they've all been great.     I've also boarded Igor at their kennel, and that's been a good experience, too. I'm pretty picky about cleanliness, and their kennels seem clean. Compared to other boarding facilities in the area, University offers a generous amount of walks per day, at what I think is a really fair price. I always spring for extra playtimes, because Igor has a lot of small dog energy.     Igor doesn't seem to mind staying there for a couple of days, but he's always happy to come home. They're happy to give you a tour of the boarding facilities if you're considering boarding there, so I encourage you to check them out for yourself.
My brother and I had to put our family dog down on Monday. He was 13 years old and suffered from Megaesophagus and was in pain for 3 months before we put him down, we couldn't figure out what was wrong with him until the week before we decided to put him to rest. This was the hardest thing we have ever done we were all in tears for days. My brother called in the next morning after realizing he forgot to take his collar off because we were so distraught we didn't think that something so foolish would occur. That collar had been in the family for 30 years, it was my dads childhood dogs collar. He talked to a lady and she said that they put it in a bag and were holding it to give with his remains. Then 5 hours later a lady called him back and told him they were unable to find his collar and it must have been thrown away. My brother demanded them to look in the trash, they responded saying it was already taken to the dump. He called the next day and asked about their policies regarding items left on the animals, they responded with they keep them in a bag for the owners to pick up when the remains are ready. They failed to follow their own policy and now we are without a collar that has been in the family for 3 decades and around my dogs neck his whole life because they decided to take initiative and throw away something that doesn't belong to them. And they said because " they didn't think we wanted it". So without asking us they took away a part of our lives that we can now never get back. Now we are left with not only a life changing memory of putting to rest a part of our family, but now we are going to be constantly reminded of how university animal hospital made a mistake that we will have to live with forever and then only thing they have to say about it is "they didn't think we wanted it".
I was recommended to this hospital by a friend. I was pleased at the very caring and friendly front desk person, Jimmy, who I set up my appt with. It is easy to get an appt and at a convenient time even which is a major plus. My dog actually liked the vet tech and Dr which is a first. They really made him comfortable. Dr Tascon was thorough. Part of the lab work came back the next day and he called me on a Sun to update me which was going above and beyond my expectations. The bill may be a little more, but you get what you pay for and I think of it as pay now, save later. Also, I just saw they have offer where you get 10% off your bill if you check in on yelp. I just wish I had seen that before my appt...great deal!
I was recommended to Dr. Gus at University animal hospital over 22 years ago.  We had a Shar-pei and it was a pretty new breed for the valley at that time and only a few vets knew the needs of the dog.  Dr. Gus since became our vet for our dogs over the years, and he and his staff has always been there for us.   Over the years we have moved farther and farther from Tempe now driving over 30 miles to see Dr. Gus.  I have recommended many friends and neighbors to University Animal Hospital.  As a 7 day a week operation we have used and directed others for emergency's.    I feel like they are caring and run a clean and safe hospital for our best friends. Paul B
Had to bring my Labrador of 13 years in to be put down. Very emotional time but not for this animal hospital. Its just another payday, They have no compassion they aren't at all concerned about the difficulty of losing a pet they want the highest dollar for their services. DON"T GO HERE. They made me wait for 15 minuets after I called ahead. The dog was suffering but they couldn't care. They were too busy. The experience of putting a dog down is hard enough but these non compassionate selfish money grabbing uninterested greedy inexperienced people made the hardship and the loss even greater. DON"T GO HERE!
i've been coming here the entire time i've had my dog (six years), and while it's a little pricey, i always feel like she's in good hands.      when i had her spayed years ago, they called me soon after dropping her off to let me know they had run some tests and it looked like she had a very slight irregular heartbeat.  they recommended i take her to a specialist in order to run some further tests and make sure she could handle being put under anesthesia.  i really appreciated that they didn't ignore this small irregularity and just go ahead with the surgery. i've heard tons of horror stories about how easy it is to have an animal slip away while they're under and it really comforted me to know they were taking all the necessary precautions. long story short, my pup was able to get spayed after getting the thumbs up from a cardiologist and has been fine since!     i also use their grooming services and they always make my dog look great! recently though it seems that they only have one groomer available so it can take a long time to get an appointment. hopefully they'll hire some more on soon.
This place is a freaking joke!    My dog had an abscess tooth root and his face was swollen up.     I brought him in and he was misdiagnosed with a bug bite and given some antibiotics to get rid of the swelling: $200.     A year later it came back big time and was infected! They lanced it and gave me medicine until he could get an extraction:  $200    Brought him in for the extraction which cost $600 and they pulled a tooth on the wrong side of his mouth!!     When I contacted them they wanted me to pay to have them remove the correct tooth!! Finally after not backing down they decided to do my the "courtesy" of extracting the correct tooth free of charge but refused to refund any of the now $1000 I had paid previously for his treatment even though they knew that I had to open a care credit card to pay for the surgery!!    My dog now has two large gaps on either side of his mouth and has trouble eating...    Never! Ever! Ever! Let them near your dog!!
After calling 4 other vet hospitals after my dog had a seizure, this was the only office I called who was willing to make a same day appointment as soon as they could, and whose staff was very sympathetic to the situation (thanks Monica!). The entire staff was  friendly despite being  busy the entire time I was there. The doctor was very friendly and answered all my questions patiently, and genuinely seemed to care about my baby. It is a bit expensive, so I'm not sure I can afford to go to this office on a regular basis, but I think in what I considered to be an emergency situation, it was well worth the extra money to deal with a patient, caring, friendly staff.   Thank you all for your help with little Rory!
Can I change it to zero stars? Now they are commenting on my review stating that they removed the correct tooth and that the other tooth was something that happened later....WRONG!!! My dog went in for the extraction only because he had an abscess tooth root and his face had been swollen due to infection. When I picked him up after his procedure a tooth on the opposite side of his face had been extracted because apparently there was nothing in his file telling them which side of his face the tooth was supposed to be extracted from. The cracked tooth they removed on the wrong side of his mouth had never caused him trouble and had not been diagnosed prior. Then as I said I was expected to pay to have the correct abscess tooth removed and finallyy they agreed to do me the "courtesy" of extracting the correct tooth without charging me but still kept my $600 for extracting the wrong tooth!!!! Nice try Tom G. Your business was wrong and I should have been refunded for the incorrect extraction along with having the correct tooth extracted but since all that matters is money to this place they refused to refund my money which I am still paying off on a care credit card....
The girls that work the front area / reception are all jerks in my opinion, very very unfriendly they have zero people skills..They need to be trained or replaced.. and that is why I have to take a star away.     BUT that being said, Dr. Cortez is amazing. University Animal Hospital has been my two dogs regular vet for some time now, every time I've gone I have seen a different doctor. I usually schedule appointments based on my time availability and therefore the doctor I've seen has always been different. But from now on I'm only having my dogs see Dr. Cortez. Yes, she's THAT good. Very friendly, you can tell she legitimately loves her job even at mid day when most people would be dragging their feet, she is still exuberant. She went out of her way to research an issue my dog had that she had never heard of. Now we know the answer! But no doctor had ever gone to any lengths to research what it was until we met Dr. Cortez.     Katie the technician / assistant that took my dogs temperature and heart rate was pretty darn great too. My dog has a lot of anxiety and was scared to stand on the exam table, so Katie got on the floor to read my dogs heart rate to help make my dog feel more comfortable. I appreciated that!    University Animal Hospital is quite a drive for me, I live in Chandler, but I'll gladly make the drive to see Dr. Cortez when my pups need to go to the vet!
It is with a bit of sadness that I write this review.  But I am sure that it will be therapeutic in the end.    I took my little dog here for the past 5.5 years.  Most of the time, he went here for boarding and he loved it.  When he would arrive, he would jump from seat to seat in my car and the care takers in the kennel knew my dog and they all loved him very much.  My dog loved this place.      I liked the indoor/outdoor kennels for him because he liked to run around.  At the end of each visit, my baby boy would come home exhausted from all the jumping and excitement.  Depending on how long he stayed, sometimes, he would just rest for the first day back home.  He loved the excitement of barking at the other dogs and bouncing bouncing bouncing around.    My little guy was also cared for very well when he went here for boarding and I also allowed the doctors there to take care of his veterinary needs.  Once when I was out of town, they phoned me to tell me that the doctors had taken a look at him to make sure he was ok because he seemed to be having some problems.  I appreciated the call.  The doctor that I spoke to explained to me the symptoms to look for when we arrived home.  I did, but never saw them and he was healthy.  VERY healthy.    My dog, unfortunately, got out of our yard and was hit by a car.   I had to bring him here for the last time.  I called the office before bringing him down, as he was already dead and I just didn't know what to do.  Misty was so kind to me and helpful and comforting.  I was understandably upset by it all.  But she comforted me when I needed it and had the paperwork ready for me when I arrived.  I was given all of the information and options for handling my dogs remains.  I paid and I went on my way.      This office is great.  While some may complain about the prices, I know my dog loved it here.  I would recommend them over and over again.  I know Jack would.
I was very pleased with the boarding. I had a horrific previous experience at Canine Country Club, but here my dog was returned to me happy, healthy, clean, and most importantly bug-free. He stayed 6 days.     The reason I gave it a 4 is because the receptionist who checked me in seemed reluctant to give me my 10% off for filling out the online form prior to coming in. I had to inquire about it, had I not mentioned it my bill would have been 20 dollars more.
Very disappointed. Unresponsive vet Dr. Haig. Took my dog in for ear hematoma. Pretty pricey visit considering it lasted maybe 10 minutes. Received follow up voicemail from vet. I called her back and left a voicemail I'd like to talk with her and to please call back. NEVER CALLED ME BACK. After calling me and me spending $160 I was angry that I was ignored by the one person who is supposed to care about my pet. I have brought my pets there several times over the years. No longer my regular vet but since open on weekend I took my dog there. Never again. Won't be back.
This place does not deserve any stars whatsoever.  Last Friday, Feb. 8th, we took our dog to Banfield because her skin was extremely dry and she was coughing.  To make it short, we ended up spending $450.00 for services rendered.  These people are extremely high priced, yet they want people to bring their animals to them.  The Vet said that he would call and give up the results of the blood test the next day, but to no avail.  We figured we wouldn't hear from them the next day because it was a Saturday.  Monday we didn't hear anything, so today, Tuesday the 12th, I called and of course they had the results.  The receptionist said the Vet would call me back.  It was about half an hour and he called.      He told me the result of the test (as far as I could understand him...he was from India) and said I needed to come in and get some pills for our dog's Thyroid.  I went and got the pills, but while I was standing there, I told the receptionist that I did not blame her, but the Vet should have called us.  We paid so much money for their services and I should not have had to call them for the lab results.  I told her I was extremely disappointed with their company.  Then she said she agreed with me 100% and the Vet should have called me.    I highly recommend you do not go to Banfield, which is a part of PetsMart, find an independent Vet.
This "pet hospital" is a scam and a total waste of money. Their vets seem like they barely passed vet school. We took our wonderful dog, Duke, into them when he developed a lump on his side. After taking x-rays, blood tests, etc., the vet told us that the lump was "a medical mystery". Prior to this, we had signed up for their pet wellness plan. In short, we took our dog to a reliable, trustworthy vet (Dr. Ryan at Blue Cross Vet Clinic) and it turned out he had bone cancer :-(. He ended up passing away this summer, yet my husband and I are still being forced to pay for our Banfield pet wellness plan each month, even though our dog is dead. Thanks, Banfield.
We take our dog here for checkups or when he seems to not be feeling well. 4 stars because my dog is healthy and happy. I suppose they are as quick as can be expected, and the staff all seems to truly love animals. We have been customers for over 4 years and have never had a particular complaint. We have the Wellness Plan, and rarely have to pay out of pocket for anything for Nismo. I have no reason to go anywhere else.
I would like to actually give five plus!!   I was recommended to this clinic  by a friend and was totally 100 percent impressed.! Our puppy with an intestinal block was looking close to death. He picked up things on the xray the other vet did not and explained things to me really well. EVERYONE in the office was kind, friendly and compassionate. He re arranged his schedule to save this puppy we love so much and was fair and honest.  In any business, weather it be car fixing, Dr's or vets the number one thing is honesty and integrity ...this guy has it all, with compassion and experience to go with it.  I am so relieved and happy to see our pup eating again and back to his normal silly self!    Would not go anywhere else now:)   They saved my dog :)
I recommended this clinic to a friend who had an emergency with her dog, and she took her dog there.  I had received this recommendation from someone who found it on the web based upon a good review on another site.    My friend thanked me, saying Dr. Remen was fantastic.  I plan to take my dog here when I get her next week (she is a stray rescue arriving from out of state).    Also, when I called the office to inquire about appointments, home visits, euthanasia and cremation, the staff was very patient and helpful; both the front desk and the vet tech I spoke with.
I would highly recommend - I foster dogs so it seems I am always at the vet.  I love the people who work here and so do all my dogs. PLUS they are very client service focused -  Highly suggest
We have been going to this clinic for 13 years and have always been happy with their service.  They helped us through the old age and death of a dog we had into her 17th year.  I cannot say enough about the respect and compassion the whole office displayed during that difficult process.
We have been taking our Cocker Spaniel, Nikki Leigh to Spencer Springs Animal Hospital since I got her at 7 weeks old.  The staff has always been very nice, the hospital is very clean and all of the Doctor's that we have had have been very professional and great.   We have also boarded Nikki on several occassions when we go out of town and have never had any issues.  I would highly recommend this animal hospital.  They also sell the prescription dog food and toys for your furry friends!
I use to see Dr Costa, she left and I was considering following her I made an appointment with Dr Bower and honestly I really trust him and he is extremly kind, tells you all your options,  I love the way he is with my Mini Poodle, my dog is afraid of most Vets, he is not at all afraid of Dr Bower. The staff at Spencer springs is the best, I think if you have to been to other places, you will notice right away that it seems to be there Hallmark to have courtesy, freindly and loving staff, they actually care. I am happy I stayed and I happy with Dr Bowers.
I took my St Bernard here to get fixed they charge a really good rate compared to other vet offices. I recommend using them to get your dog spayed or neutered.
We stumbled across this vet office after we moved into the area and it we thought it was just convenient for our boys' shots.  Four years later we are still going to Spencer Springs on a regular basis for yearly shots or any other concern we have for our two large dogs.    Like other reviewers have stated, the staff is very friendly and prompt.  There are six vets that use the facility, and we have utilized almost all of them on different occasions.  Each doctor is excellent, gentle, and very caring.  Dr. Bower is exceptionally great and my personal favorite; he does not talk down to you, is very personable, and treats each of this animal patients as if they were his own.  The staff is not pushy and do not suggest follow up visits in order to bring in more revenue.  They all really do care for their clients.  On many occasions the vet techs have taken time to chat with me and play with the pups while waiting for the doctor!    Even if it's across town for you, the drive is worth the care your pet will receive at Spencer Springs.  I wouldn't go anywhere else, personally.
3-2013 update    Dr. Gaunter saved my dog. He was extremely ill and I don't think she thought he would make it. She took great care of him and is his back to himself!  The cost to keep him for five days was extremely reasonable.     I don't understand the reviews that the doctors and staff act like they don't love the animals. I've been going here for at least 18 years and have never saw that attitude. They have always showed care and concern.     I've recommended at least 7 other people to them and they all feel the same way as I do.  Couldn't go to any place better.
At the risk of sharing the ABSOLUTELY BEST animal hospital and causing me to have to schedule longer waits because they are so popular, I would like to recommend this animal hospital - why?    1. The staff is amazing, friendly and helpful  2.  They are not overpriced - in fact completely reasonable  3.  You can tell that the doctors love the animals and are here to help, not to charge ridiculous prices!    I would also like to recommend them for dental issues with your pet.    I took my dog to a different vet because he broke off a tooth and his face was swollen.  They wanted to charge me $800 - $1200 to remove it and seemed nervous about doing the surgery.    I came here for a second opinion because of the great reviews on Yelp and they are a fraction of the cost, also clean the teeth during the process and are very comfortable with dental procedures.    I can't recommend them enough!
I am giving them 1 star because I do not have the option of giving less.  We began taking our Rottweiler here about a year ago when we first rescued her.  We got the usual checkup and shots.  The office staff, vet techs and the vet we saw that day (believe it was Dr Larson) were all great.  We thought we found our vet for life.     Our dog has been sick so I took her in for an appointment.  The vet tech came in (a really nice girl) and did the primary consultation including taking her temperature.  I informed the vet tech that my dog does not like men (think it has something to do with her life pre-rescue) and that she never has a problem with women.  The vet tech said we were scheduled to see Dr Bower but would check to see if the female Dr on staff was available.  A couple minutes later Dr Bower came in and I once again brought up my dogs lack of trust with men.  He said it would be no problem, "I know how to handle dogs".  Yeah what do I know, it's only my dog.  Of course my dog went nuts barking and growling but why wouldn't she?  She is scared of men, is sick and in an uncomfortable place.  Dr Bower said she was just being protective of her owner, (um, no!) and she would be fine once she got in a back room away from me.  Yeah, that's not going to be good.  He put a rope around her neck and literally drug her out of the room.  A few minutes later he and another person came back into the room dragging my dog and telling me I need to put a muzzle on her because she is aggressive and a bad dog.  This is the same dog that was nose to nose with the vet tech licking her as she shoved a thermometer up her butt.  After they finally took my dog away from me to the exam room, she was returned to me by the vet tech from before except at this point my dogs tail was wagging and she was playing with the tech.      Dr Bower came back in the room moments later and my dogs temperament changed immediately.  She was very guarded and growled.  I asked what he found and he said she seemed fine and gave me some pills for something that really had nothing to do with the main problem.  I'm no doctor but if my dog refuses to eat, what good are pills to be taken orally?  I asked Dr Bower what I needed to do and he said "get that dog into obedience training because she is out of control".  Really?  Ever think it is you a-hole?  She was fine with the vet tech, office staff, the other Doctors we have seen before, including Dr Hicks but you're right, it has to be her fault.  The little man was cocky and arrogant and has a huge Napoleon complex.  My wife has dealt with him in the past and made the same observations.  She's taller then him to so not surprising.      Because of Dr Bower, I would never go back to Spencer Springs.  Just seeing him makes my skin crawl.  Oh and by the way, he did nothing to help my dog so we are going to another clinic tomorrow.
Ive been a client here for a few years now and my four stars definitely were earned from the doctors and back office staff and not the front desk workers with exception to Robin, Brooke and Kealy at the front desk.     Front desk staff is just a bunch of young girls that don't seem to have any real love for animals-- that's all I have to say for them.    Regarding the doctors , AMAZING. I have had a couple pet emergencies with my Pekingese and the doctors have always gone above and beyond to assist with my pet insurance claim forms and never making me feel rushed( like the front desk staff does)     I had to board my babies for the thanksgiving holiday this year '(2012) and was very nervous until I met Kristin the head person in the boarding department.  Upon meeting her I had absolute peace of mind in leaving my babies for 6 days. The kennel was a  decent size coupled with the amount of times I was told they would be taken out to play and potty. I was very concerned to have the dogs so close to a busy street but when you see their fenced in yard you will, have no worries as it is completely enclosed.     I'm crazy about my dogs and comfortable to recommend this facility to other people.
I came here because I needed a second opinion on something with my dog and a friend recommended them.  She fosters for Golden Retriever Rescue and this is where they have her take the fosters.    My dog suddenly had a weird lump on her back and I was really worried it was a tumor.  After going to my primary vet who charged me top dollar for virtually no service, I needed to find someone who made me feel better about what was going on.  The vet came in and got down on the floor with her and gave her a complete once over and said she believed it was just fatty tissue.  She went in the back and withdrew some of the cells into a syringe and brought it back into the exam room, showed it to me and explained why she didn't feel there was a concern - she was certain it was just fatty tissue - but she would do a biopsy if I requested it.  I didn't feel the need based on her explanation but asked that she explain what I should look for as far as other signs of concern.  She explained everything and we are now 1yr+ from that meeting and my dog is just fine.    I have a special needs dog who can be aggressive when scared and despises other dogs so vet visits are a nightmare for me.  They are really good about making sure she doesn't come into contact with other animals while they have her in the backroom (I can hear them over the intercom broadcasting her whereabouts so no one else accidentally crosses her path with one of your pets).  I really appreciate that - there's not much I can do about her aggression and I'd be horrified if she hurt someone elses pet while there.    I also had them remove a small tumor on her eyelid and everything went well.  My little nutbag was home the same day and seemed just fine.      I also had to bring her in after finding blood all over my back slider because I thought maybe she had damaged a tooth.  They gave her teeth a once over, declared all was well, and charged me next to nothing for the visit (also got me in quickly).    I have no complaints about the reception staff, the techs, or the docs.  Everyone I've come into contact with has been pleasant and professional.
I have been bringing my dogs here for several years, even used them for boarding.  Not anymore for anything now until they get rid of the trash....    Who ever was the doctor working Wednesday late afternoon is NOT committed to their profession and is a disgrace to the profession.    I had a dog that needed to be seen as an emergency.  I called the office at 5:00pm, the girl said they closed at 6:00pm and they were very busy.  I explained the situation and she said they were really busy but would go ask the doctor.    She came back and said the doctor said no, he was not willing to fit my dog in.  She explained that he was the only closing doctor and did not want to see my dog.  She said she was sorry.    When I told her how disappointed I was and what a disgrace this trained vet was who is refusing to honor his profession and be responsible to his oath as a doctor, she was compassionate, said she was sorry, she cannot force the doctor to do something he does not want to do.    The doctor told her to tell me to take my dog across town to the emergency pet hospital.  What an ass!!!    I will drive anywhere in town to take my other dogs to a vet who is committed to the oath of being a doctor and caring more about animals then a paycheck, because this looser is there for a job and a paycheck.    He would make a great MD without any additional training, he already does not care about his patients.  This place has no right calling themselves a hospital...
This is more of a 3.5 star review. We have been coming here for about ten years now; first with our German Shepherd and now with my maltipoo as well. My experience coming here with Geoffrey (the maltipoo) has been a lot more positive than coming here with Paris (the german shepherd).     The front office staff is always very friendly and the vet assistants/techs are generally great too. Dr. Hicks is the owner and we only saw him once with Paris. It was a random check up and he seemed thorough and nice. I can't really comment on him or his abilities more than that. We then started seeing Dr. Bowers and he was the one who did the testing and informed us that Paris had severe hip dysplasia (she was a little less than two at the time). Her prognosis was not good, and with the severity level she would be lucky to make it to five years old. We were extremely distraught and inquired what our options were as far as preventative measures we could take. The only option he put on the table was a very expensive and intrusive surgery. He was not empathetic in the least. We decided to take the matters into our own hands and put her on a strict diet of homemade meals twice a day, noni juice, and managed her weight to ensure she does not pack on the pounds and add stress to her hip. She is going on 9 years old in December, and is yet to display and signs of hip dysplasia (thankfully). She still runs around, plays, and torments Geoffrey. So based on my experience with taking Paris here I'd say it was a two star place at best. It was a chop shop mentality.    I adopted Geoffrey the maltipoo little over two years ago. He had major stomach issues and it took a while to get him adjusted to the new food and new environment. The vet Geoffrey was seeing was a lady who seems to no longer be there. She was patient, friendly, knowledgeable and thorough. We did a series of test to rule out parasites and parvo. Eventually, Geoffrey's stomach issues got under control. His latest visit was for his check up and shots. He saw Dr. Larsen who was another female vet and seemed even better than the previous vet. She suggested some preventative measures for Geoffrey's teeth that were an issue when I adopted him, instead of jumping right into suggesting a cleaning and putting him under. I am not a fan of putting my small dog under anesthesia unless absolutely necessary.     Overall, the highlights are the front office staff, and the latest series of the female vets. Dr. Hicks is a fine vet as well, but he is usually booked solid. I am not a fan of Dr. Bowers at all and will avoid him at all costs.
I started using this office after a pretty negative experience at another office. I needed to get my dog spayed but was nervous about it due to a heart murmur. The staff was great about listening to my concerns, scheduled an appointment to meet with the Dr before scheduling her surgery. I met with Dr Bower, he had no concerns about doing her surgery as she had been cleared by a cardiologist. Dropped her off the next morning, she was done later that day. They found that she had a skin infection, so she came home with antibiotics and she had real, heavy duty looking stitches rather than dissolving stitches or glue, which may be normal for this office. I was concerned that she may end up with a pretty bad scar because the stitches seemed so much larger and the skin seemed to be puckered a lot, but she has healed wonderfully. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, I have nothing negative to say about her Dr, he eased my fears before her procedure. My one and only negative would be that their parking lot is less than stellar, but that I can handle!
I've been to 3 other vets in LV before coming here. The first told me 1) that corn is nutritious for dogs as it is for humans, and 2) that my dogs ears are floppy so it's normal for them to be super dirty, even after cleaning them daily. The 2nd vet helped with a bee sting (one of my Vizslas is allergic) and told me that he had a crazy bad ear infection (which she then treated....augh I'm still mad 6 years later at the first vet that said it was normal....by the way his name was Dr. Fisher).  The 3rd vet charged me $600 to remove one puppy wart (I don't remember her name, but she's on Maryland in the Silverado Ranch area).     So, when I was referred to Dr. Bower, I was skeptical. I was referred to him by a fellow vizsla mom. I cannot believe how much I love this vet!  Removing the one puppy wart sparked a hundred puppy warts to form. I told Dr. Bower about the one puppy wart experience and he took care if it was it was 1/5 the price.  I've been going to him ever since. I live in Mountain's Edge, so it's not super close, but I figure between my  2 vizslas driving across town twice a year is worth it when you trust the vet and his diagnoses.
Not sure if it was an off day for the doctor but it was not a great experience. We just adopted our dog from animal control and were getting her wellness visit completed to make sure she was doing okay.  The doctor had no personality, barely acknowledged us and did not offer any valuable information even after asking questions. The receptionist and vet staff, aside from the doctor, were super friendly.
This is the best Vet I have ever taken any of my dogs to. We have one little gal who has a chronic disease that requires a lot of visits, which is good because if there is one thing I hate, it's having extra money. I am proud to say that the entire staff's children can afford to go to the finest colleges, thanks to my dog, Vixen.     On a serious note, the staff is super friendly. Jeremiah is always in a good mood, even though he practically lives at the place. Dr. Rollins and Dr. Satkus are excellent and honest. We will continue to bring all 3 of our dogs to WTAH.
We have been taking our dog Oreo to White Tanks since it opened... he was even present for their open house costume party.  :) The staff is always friendly... we love Jeremiah and Rachel! The doctors are also very friendly, compassionate and thorough. The prices are competitive and well worth it. We even buy all Oreo's food, snacks and dental care products there. It is comforting to know that our "baby" is getting the best care possible. We will continue taking Oreo and any other pet who joins our family to White Tanks.
Well, our little Vixen passed away a few months ago. It took me a while to want to write about it, but it does give me another great (considering the circumstances) opportunity to review WTAH. The techs and Dr. Rollins were excellent in allowing us to say goodbye to our girl with dignity. They even sent us a card and made a pawprint for us after she passed away. I'll never take our dogs anywhere else. Thanks guys.
This is where I entrust the health and safety of my dogs to.  They are very good and professional.  The groomer here just spends so much time on my dogs she really seems like she loves them as much as we do.  I won't take them anywhere else.
White Tanks is a good veterinary practice; however, they are very expensive. I have taken my dogs there for a couple of years. I appreciate the weekend hours very much. Perhaps that is why they are overpriced for some of the services. If you don't have a lot of extra money, be forewarned. The vaccines and the exam fees are reasonable; however, they charged me $44 to express the anal glands ($44 each dog!!!) It took approximately 5 minutes of their time for each dog, I was shocked and very disappointed when I saw the charge after I got home.  No one mentioned the unusually high fee before the glands were done. I could afford to pay it but there are people who would have a hard time, so again, be warned, ask before you agree to treatment if money is an issue for you.
I just wanted to send a huge "Thank you" to WTAH!!! We had never been there before and actually had another vet that we liked, but the other night we had an emergency situation with our dogs and needed a vet ASAP!! Our vet was closed, so I looked up other vets in the area. We called called WTAH a little after 6pm and even though they closed at 7 they were more than willing to help! They never once made it seem like they were annoyed that we had come in at the last minute, and they were awesome with our dogs! The next day we received a call from the doctor asking us how our dogs were doing and if we needed anything! This meant so much to us to see how much they truly cared for our dogs!! We will be taking our pets to WTAH from now on!!!!
We love taking our dogs to this place!  It is always super clean and they KNOW your dog.  They check up on them after each visit. And you can tell when they are in the exam room with you that everyone there is really a dog person. When we have had emergency situations they have been very flexible getting us in at a  decent time. The prices are reasonable and they even give a military discount.
Oh my gosh, so professional and so helpful in our time of need with our pup. We went hiking at White Tank Mtn. and my dog bite right into a blowing cacti ball thinking it was a lizard. We lucked out with them cause they were opened on the weekend as most vets aren't and they were only about 10-12 minutes away from where we were at. We called ahead to give them our information and let them know what happened and we were on our way. They took sone of our info over the phone to get us in quicker. Our poor baby was bleeding profusely all over the back seat of our vehicle and me it was like a murder took place. We walked right in and they quickly moved us into a room. We filled out some paperwork and within about 15-20 minutes of arriving, the doctor came in and took our little Luke right away. They were extremely helpful and seriously the nicest people! We were so worried that we would be charged an arm and a leg but their prices were very reasonable and affordable. Which just made a terrible situation a little better. Hours later, we picked Luke up and he looked and acted like his normal self again.     I wish we lived closer so we can switch our vet office!!
I took my dog there once and will never go back. They charged me over $300 for an exam and meds.  They told me the side affects would make my dog extremely thirsty and hungry.  I took her home and she completely stopped eating.  I thought she was dying.   I called them back and told them what was going on so they scheduled my dog for another appointment, for another $50. Thankfully I checked Google and got an accurate list of the meds side affects.  I stopped giving her the meds and she was fine.  This place was more interested in $$$ than helping my dog.
Service was good, 2-legged people are nice, prices suck.     So for the first 4 1/2 years that I lived here (been here for 5), I didn't have a dog. That's a LONG time if you're going to consider that I've had a dog even before I was born lol. So November 2009, my husband finally gets me a puppy! She's a Miniature Pinscher and we got her at 3 months old and 4lbs. Being the first dog that I've had since I moved out here, I had no idea where to take her to get her shots and checkup. The first place that I could think about was the place down the street from us, Siena Animal Hospital.     The staff is great and the facility is new so it's nice. Each visit was $50, just for the checkup, of course, everything else was extra. Well, it came time to get her fixed, spayed and the cost was close to $300 for the surgery, cone of shame and pain meds-- WTF?!?! My aunt is a Vet in San Diego, I am so used to her prices and I was blown away when I heard that! I decided to call around and see what other options we had and I found the Spay and Neuter Center of Southern Nevada that Spayed her for $105 for everything mentioned above. It all depends on the size of your pet and at this point she only weighed 5lbs. It was across town but it was saving us close to $200, so t'was worth it!     One nice thing that they offer, at no additional cost to you, is a pet portal. It's like and Outlook for your pet lol. Kinda cool but I'm sure that's apart of their outrageous prices, as some hidden fee-- don't know for sure, just saying.     So to sum it up, you basically get what you pay for...You have a pretty facility, you pay more lol. They don't even have any other payment options like they do at other clinics. I gave them the 2-Stars just because I liked going there, it was close and the place was nice but for your moneys worth, go else where.
I'm done with this place. Not only did they fail to tell us about a "Sunday pick up fee" over the phone, then surprise us with a larger bill, but they also forgot to have someone working during those Sunday pick up hours(4p to 6p). None of this was made better with their off the hook phone number.  We waited in the heat for over two hours with a few other couples waiting to pick their animals up, having to call other animal hospitals just to make contact to one of the employees of this one.   Finally, someone was contacted, and they got there around 6:30pm. You could tell that my dog wasn't let out all day, because he smelled like urine, and he never pees in his crate at home.   I'll never come back to this place.
These guys are great.  I have taken my dog here twice now (once for an ear infection, other time for immune's) and both times they have been wonderful.    The staff is friendly and swift.  The doctor's are all caring and helpful.  This is a very clean office and the only one I have been in where I am not constantly terrified where my dog is sniffing!    The only knock I have on them is the constant upsales.  Obviously, I love my dog and want the best for him but you have to be prepared to say no when you walk in here.  I came in for year old booster immunizations, basically, and they were trying to sell me heartworm tests, flu shots, etc.  The way it is done is the problem:  "Do you want us to test and go ahead and preventatively treat for heartworm?"  Well... of course I do!  But its like $140... and no, I don't have that currently.    If you can get past the salesmanship part, which I completely understand is how business make money, they are a good vet.
I'm done with this place.  They were great at first but the prices are INSANE!  The quotes to get my dog groomed kept getting higher and higher for the same service. The scheduling here is not good.  My dogs grooming appt was at noon...they just started him now!  I was told that we were mis-scheduled.  Mis-scheduled?  The groomer called me herself to cancel my original appt and reschedule so how was it mis-scheduled?  My last visit here was 3 hours long because they got backed up.  If I hadn't stepped out of the room I'm pretty sure I'd still be sitting there!  I will not be back.
My dog had eye surgery yesterday by a pet ophthalmologist. I've been worried about his eye since the surgery and I don't know if by intuition but Dr. Keeney just called us today to ask how he was doing. She allayed our fears and gave additional instructions to make sure our dog heals properly. Dr. Keeney is an amazing veterinarian and it's nice to know she's aware of surgeries and procedures that are occurring outside of her facilities and takes the time to follow up. The staff at Siena are awesome as well. We always feel at ease when we take our pets there.
I had to take my dog here instead of our usual vet because it's closer. They prefer for patients to call ahead and set up appointments, but will take walk-ins. I didn't have an appointment but only had to wait about 10 minutes before being seen. They were thorough with the exam and very caring. Dr. Oliver was great at explaining the problem and solution. Everyone else who works there seemed friendly. The place looks pretty modern and clean. I liked the place so much that I'm transferring all of our dogs' medical records here so that they can be their main care provider in the future.
They are incredibly nice here at Haven! We have two dogs, and they both go to Haven. Our oldest dog contracted scabies from his old kennel that we adopted him at and we had no idea why he kept scratching himself. We went to different doctors and no one knew. We even used all kinds of remedies and nothing work.     Other vet hospitals did try to figure it out, but it was one of the vets at Haven who said that even though they couldnt see signs of scabies on the micro scan... that they were going to give him and our other dog treatment for scabies, since it wasnt going to hurt him and at least we would know whether or not it was scabies.    One month later, our dogs were perfect! We were so happy that the vet took the initiative and just decided to start treatment for him. I swear our dog was suffering for so long... and he only had his fur on his spine to prove his discomfort.     Thank you Haven Animal Hospital!!!
I brought my sweet 6 month old boy in to Haven Animal Hospital for the first time when he was vomiting and had diarrhea. He is our first dog ever and this was the first time he was ill. After testing and trying every option possible, our Boxer/Pit Bull mix (not sure about the Rottweiler commenter, because my dog is obviously part pit bull and Dr Mauro herself has pit bulls, a much more frowned upon breed) had foreign objects stuck in his intestines. He needed surgery. The amazing staff and Dr Mauro went above and beyond to take care of Harvey. A vet tech even took him home with her overnight to care for him on IV and after surgery, Dr Mauro spent the night with him to help us avoid extra overnight ER vet costs. They have an extreme love for animals and saved my baby! I will FOREVER return to Haven Animal Hospital with my dog!!
I love Haven Animal Hospital. The doctors and staff are very knowledgable and attentive. They treat my dog as if he's the only patient they have and I appreciate that. Dr. Mauro follows up to make sure treatment/advice has helped and truly seems to care about my doggy's health. I won't go anywhere else!
My puppy Bella loves coming to this place! The staff is wonderful, super friendly and Bella loves the treats. They are wonderful with animals. I would recommend this place to anyone of my friends.
We cannot say enough about Haven Animal Hospital, Dr. Mauro and her staff (especially Jess, Heather and Patrick).     We have been seeing Dr. Mauro for almost 3 years now for 3 dogs. The facility is clean and welcoming, the staff are pleasant, kind and knowledgeable and Dr. Mauro is the most caring vet I have ever had the pleasure of meeting.     She treats all of our dogs as if they are her own, provides thorough care and makes sure that even the smallest problem is investigated and handled appropriately.     Unfortunately we have had a few emergency situations in the past few years and have shown up at Haven's door a few minutes before closing on more than one occasion. Dr. Mauro has never turned us away and even handled a problem with one of our dogs that required her to stay over an hour past her closing time. The staff never showed signs of frustration or irritation at having to stay late, and in fact they all tried their best to make us laugh and smile through a scary time!     One of the things I like the most about Dr. Mauro is that she personally calls us with results of tests and she will also call to check up on the dogs even after the most routine procedures like vaccines.     I would highly recommend Haven Animal Hospital to anyone looking for a vet in the Las Vegas area.     And we thank everyone at Haven for providing the very best care possible to all of our babies!
I have a sixteen year old dog that was having problems walking and our family started to worry about if it was his time. I was reffered here by my uncle who said this hospital was an amazing hospital and he was right. The staff was so kind and understanding. The doctor was so knowledgable with my dog and was able to give us the incite we needed. The technician helped us clip his nails and gave great advice. Another great perk is that it wasn't expensive at all! I am definitely bringing my dog here from now on.
There are not enough words to describe how wonderful Dr. Mauro and her staff at Haven Animal Hospital are.  We, also, drive across town to see her as there is no one more caring or knowledgable.  We have been going to Dr. Lisa for over 12 years and NEVER have we seen anyone more willing to go that extra  mile.  We had brought a dog from Aruba and she even called the vets in Aruba and Costa Rica where we also lived to try and identify an unusual illness.  She was successful and, due to her excellent care, our dog lived many more happy years.  Last year, when the local specialist had given up on our new little puppy, she refused to give up and was able to direct us to a speciality hospital in San Diego who were able to rectify the problem.  If you love your animals, you will not find anyone better!!!
I have been with Dr Lisa Mauro for 16 years now I would never take my dog any where there best she is the best vet I ever know she will call you to let you know the update of your dog after any test or just to see how the was feeling after any shot I had an emergency one day when her office was close on sunday I call the first thing monday morning to let her know what had happen I talk to one of the office person  to let her know she told me she  would let Dr Mauro know as soon has Dr Mauro got the massage she call me to find out what had happen to my dog and then she said she would call the animal hospital for me to get update and to see what test  they have run on my dog as well she made feel relax after she explain what they did to her.
I came here because of Clayton K.'s review, who says he has a 'bad dog.' I too have a bad dog, and 'bad' doesn't even begin to scratch the surface. My dog is extremely anxious and fear-aggressive around strangers, so it is a huge ordeal to take him anywhere in public. The vet is a particularly tough situation. Whenever I have to go,  all I hope for is that he can get a basic exam and required shots without getting us banned from the office. That being said, I am responsible and I realize what my dog is capable of, so I muzzle him and take appropriate measures to deal with him.  Although we had an issue in the waiting room with one patron who tried to touch my dog, and another patron who yelled at me to 'discipline my dog,' I'd have to say my experience here was positive. The office was clean and nice, the staff was understanding (if not a bit wary, natrually) and the Dr. seemed very caring and patient. She came in to speak with me and took ample time to discuss both his general health and fear/aggression issues, and said she would recommend a veterinary behaviorist to help with my situation. She said that she appreciated that I was responsible enough to realize that he has problems and to muzzle him, and that I was welcome to come back, which I *really* appreciated. Additionally, the price was very reasonable. It's very nice to know I have a place to take my dog to get the care he needs without being made to feel like a bad pet owner. I will definitely return.
I can't say enough good things about Haven Animal Hospital.  I brought them my sick puppy and they made him and me feel comfortable and positive.    Within a very short time they gave him an exam, helped me find a type of food that he would eat (he wasn't eating anything else) and gave me a ton of good information.  It was easy to tell that not only do they know what they are talking about, but they actually truly care about the animals brought to them.    They may be on the opposite side of Las Vegas from me, but I will make that drive every day for their level of service, knowledge and commitment to what they do.
Ive been going to haven animal hospital with my two dogs since I've had them.... Which is 5 years. I LOVED Dr Amy Oliver... She was my dogs vet, but unfortunately she left haven animal hospital. I had no choice but to go with whomever the doctor was, which I believe was Dr Mauro. I've only met her once. Other times I been scheduled with RANDOM people.... Just because of that, I started getting a bad feel, but I let it go since it was only yearly vaccinations i was getting.     My dog had a really bad stomach ache, and i called them right away. They said they couldn't take him in for 4days!!!! I didn't want to risk my dogs health, so i scheduled an appt elsewhere and they were able to help my dog. Ironically, a few days later, my dog started to limp in pain, to the point of him shivering in pain.  He was diagnosed with a luxating patella. It never bothered him until last week he started to cry in pain. I called haven right away again, and they were not able to get him in so I called town center animal hospital and again they took him in. They recommended surgery, but because I was so new there I wanted a second opinion by haven just to make sure that's what he needed.     I called haven this morning, and first the receptionist told me she had something for today, then told me she didn't. Meanwhile my dog is in deep pain.... In my arms shaking ... And all she could tell me was  "sorry I don't know what to tell you"     I'm NEVER returning there again. What's funny is I made sure I got all my dogs medical records the first time they told me they didn't have anything avail because I already knew one day I'd be switching away from them..... I just wanted to give it one more chance... But NO WaY... I'm done with them. All they are good for is scheduling routine vaacinations, but when it comes to REAL emergency situations, they don't care!!!     Luckily I got an appt with aloha animal hospital for the second opinion. My appt with them is in 30 min.... Hopefully I get some good news about my dog. And  Hopefully I will gain a relationship with them the way I did with Amy Oliver and not dr. Mauro and her staff!
Dr. Mauro is an angel from heaven! Not only did she work with my fiance and I on the cost of our dog's bills, but after performing a late in the day surgery she stayed at the office overnight with our dog because she was sooo sick, AND because the office is closed on Sundays, she took our dog to HER HOME to make sure that she could keep an eye on her and to get her to eat something. I can't believe what an amazing person she is and has been thru this incredibly nerve racking process. We can't thank her enough!    Don't want to leave anyone out... she also has a wonderful and compassionate staff working for her all of them have been awesome!    If you don't take your pets here for veterinary car, you should!
I have been taking my dog to Haven for about 4 years now, and all I can say is that they are the BEST!!  Dr. Mauro and her staff are all so caring and truly have your pet's best interest at heart. Dr. M actually 'saved' my dog from a possible lifetime of discomfort. My dog was itchy, losing hair, and very uncomfortable: most assumed it was allergies but it was actually Sebaceous Adenitis (an autoimmune disease that has her fighting her own hair follicles).  Ever since her diagnosis, my dog has been healthy, happy, and living a normal life!      I feel so comfortable coming to Haven and have 100% trust in Dr. Mauro.  There is no other place to consider but Haven.  It's the best!
I've been bringing my dogs to Haven Animal Hospital for about a year. I'm very impressed with Dr. Mauro, and and everyone there. They go the extra mile to make sure our dogs' visits are as pleasant as possible. They were wonderful with my very nervous puppy!  Dr. Mauro is knowledgable and informative, always showing great concern for our pets. I would highly recommend this animal hospital.
Wow Jen B - obviously doesn't know what she is talking about!!!      I have been bringing my 2 dogs to Dr Mauro since we moved here 5 years ago.  Tender loving care - considerate care of my nervous shy Bichon/Maltese and hyper mentally crazy Pom Mix Terror that barks, screetches and bites!  Her prices have been reasonable comparing to vet visits over the last 40 years with my various dogs.    Additionally I have had many pleasant encounters with vet techs and office staff.  No one has ever been rude or unaccomodating.  I too have called on a surgery day and been given the drop off choice - they are busy but will still tend to the ailing patient in need.      Love the Haven team and recommend people to check their own behavior before publicly castigating others for their own insane moments.  We all get protective of our fur babies and think our problem is the only thing that matters - but mature people take a deep breath and realize that the Doctor and staff aren't sitting around with nothing to do until you need them.
I absolutely love this place.  All of the girls up front are super friendly and helpful, and Dr. Mauro is amazing and really knows what she is doing.  She actually cares about your pets well being, and that's very appreciated since Rascal is getting old now.  I wouldn't even think of taking my dog anywhere else!    Joel Tenbusch
Thank you to the staff at Haven who accepted my dog for cremation service preparation. He was never a patient, but they accepted him anyway and I trust they respectfully cleaned him and made the proper preparations for his cremation. They were easy to get a hold of and very kind at my time of need. Thank you!
Everyone here is amazing with the animals!  This is the 3rd vet's office I have taken my dogs to and it would be my last.  The attention and quality of the care that they give to our babies is priceless. Dr. Mauro is our favorite Vet ever!!! She really shows the genuine care and love for the animals by the way she gives time and attention to each of our 3 dogs every time.     Also never heard of a business really trying to save you money or be concern about their prices; especially a Vet's office. But Heaven Animal Hospital and Dr. Mauro make sure we don't pay more than necessary or for things that are not really needed. They go over every detail for procedures and really lay the cards on the table as to how much things cost and if it makes sense overall to spend the money to make our animals better.       Only thing I regret is not taking my pets to this place sooner!      Keep doing what you are doing Dr. Mauro and staff,  you have a great thing going!!!
My husband and I have taken our dog to Dr. Mauro since we got her at 6 weeks old. She has taken such great care of her and really takes her time to answer any and every question we may have. I've never felt that she's rushing us out of the room. She is knowledgable and trustworthy. The techs are great also-- especially one gentleman (I don't know his name)-- but every time he comes in the room, he gets on the floor with our doggie and loves on her. He is excepionally good with her! It's apparent that they all truly care about animals and are happy to help with anything.  So happy to have found a great place!
Sadly enough I'm giving Haven Animal Hospital a 1 star for the following reasons:    I took my dog in due to a growth on his gums. Of course I knew the only course was a biopsy which means anesthesia and the whole 9 yards. The quote I received was outrageous, so I decided to shop around and the 3 other reputable vets I saw gave me a quote of $120-$200 cheaper! Each service on the quote was much higher than the other vets. Even sending the biopsy to the lab!!    I called Haven back to see if they would work with me on pricing since I'm new in the area and I'm looking for a long term relationship with a vet. I have 2 other dogs and this could've been a good relationship. After explaining all of this to the receptionist, she told me there's really nothing they can do, so I asked for the office manager (Jessica) to see if she could do anything. Of course, she wasn't in but I was told she would call me back once the situation was explained to her. 3 days later and no call!!! I guess they don't care about building new business and gaining 3 new furry patients.     The vet Lisa is nice but from the comments she made about my dog definitely needing a teeth cleaning (he got them cleaned last year) and Vegas being a very high Heartworm risk area (last time I checked, even with other vets; Vegas is not a high risk area) I suspected she would be a salesperson and from the looks of it that's how it turned out.     Not even a courtesy call from office manager Jessica to tell me what I already know = Pay up or go elsewhere!    I've found a wonderful place, with "reasonable" prices and no up selling.  That's where I'll be going!
Awesome place.  They take care of all my dogs and do a wonderful job!!
I started going here because Dr. Ruiz is the wife of one of my husband's coworkers.  What a godsend!  I have 4 dogs and one of them (a Frenchie) has been a horribly unhealthy dog her entire life.  We frequently have to make last minute appointments and drop her off for various reasons and the staff is always accommodating. Dr. Ruiz is great with basic care for my other pets as well.  My dogs love coming here-even my Boston Terrier who finds most people suspect runs up for a pat from the staff here.    The biggest thing for me is that Dr. Ruiz knows her stuff and when we needed to take our Frenchie to a neurologist I felt confident that she was referring me to the right vet.      Central Phoenix Animal Hospital has also been great with the end of life care for our pets.  When our Persian finally had to be put down after her bout with cancer the staff were amazingly compassionate and understanding.  It was a horrible time and they helped us get through the tough decision we had to make.      I highly recommend this practice!
Dr Ruiz and staff are endlessly kind and compassionate. Sadly it was time for my dog to graduate to her next life. They treated her like she was their own. I will be eternally grateful. I would highly recommend her for minor and major vet needs
Dr. Ruiz and all of the staff make everyone comfortable...one of my dogs is quite large, so many people are afraid of him.  He was mistreated before being adopted into our family.  He is quite timid and nervous around people because of this bad treatment.  He was afraid as soon as we walked in the door today, and everyone went out of their way to help him adjust.  He has never had an accident and was so nervous that he peed all over my sneakers and the exam room.  Instead of being upset or annoyed Dr. Ruiz helped to calm him and make him relax.  I was amazed that the cost was so low when we checked out.  Two prescriptions, examination and all shots for under $150.  They also helped find out who his chip was with so we could update the information on the chip.  This is the place to bring furry family members in Central Phoenix.
What a great place! We had never been to this place before because we just moved to the area and they still saw my dog on a moments notice! They called to follow up on our dog as promised and the customer service was amazing. Highly recommend!
I took my newly adopted dog (whom I got from the AZ Humane Society) to this vet as the Humane Society has a contract with VCA for free initial checkups. My appointment was made with Dr Funk, not per specific request. We went into the office for our scheduled appointment and the receptionists seemed less than enthusiastic about their jobs (I've never been to a pet-related place, like a vet, pet store, etc, where the employees didn't say hi or give any attention to the animal). We went into the exam room and waited about 10 minutes for the vet tech to come into the room.     Then, after she finished, we waited another 15 minutes for Dr Funk to come in. The doctor was very quick with his exam, and seemed to brush off my questions (about heartworm testing and prevention, and the need for flea and tick protection or dental care). I left with more questions than I came in with.     And, after going to my new vet and having all of my questions answered thoroughly, I realize even more the lack of care I received at this vet office.
I'm not impressed with this place. My dog was vomiting all day and there was bloody mucus in his stool. My regular vet wasn't open until Monday, so I rushed over to this place late at night because I was worried it was something serious.    The staff at the front desk were very pleasant and helpful, but the vet didn't seem to really know what she was doing. I showed her the stool sample that they asked me to bring in. She took one look at it and said it wasn't worms. Well, that was a relief, but she didn't address the bloody mucus in the examination that followed. She felt around my dog, mentioned that he had a big bladder (okay?) and wanted to do a blood test to check his kidney function. The test was $190...that was on top of the $105 office visit fee that I would have to pay just for bringing him in. $190 for a blood test is ridiculous.     I know that kidneys have absolutely nothing to do with a GI problem from basic anatomy, so I was confused as to why she thought a big bladder was more pressing than bloody mucus in my dog's stool. I thought maybe she was worried it was cancer, so when I asked her, she said no, it probably wasn't cancer. So again...no reason for bringing up a blood test, as my dog wasn't having a urinary issue.    When I asked her again about the bloody mucus in the stool, she said it could be a bleed somewhere in his GI tract, but couldn't offer any suggestions or treatments. Instead, she again brought up the blood test.    I finally told her that I would wait until I could see my regular vet because I couldn't afford a $190 blood test (who could, really?). We left and after paying, the vet tech came out and handed me a sheet of paper on a "bland food diet". I asked if I was supposed to put my dog on this diet, and she said yes because it might be the new food that I was giving my dog that was causing the mucus. I asked the vet tech why the vet didn't bother bringing this up during the exam, and I didn't get an answer.    I don't usually like to say these things about places, but I really had the feeling that they were trying to milk more money out of me. I mean, why bother waiting until after I've decided to leave to offer really helpful suggestions on the very reason why I came in the first place?    My dog still isn't feeling well, and I feel like I just handed over $105 for nothing. Now I'll have to wait until Monday to take my baby to his regular vet, where I'll have to pay yet again for someone to tell me what's wrong with him. At least this time I know that my vet won't charge me a ridiculous price for a blood test (if one is even necessary).    I wouldn't recommend this place at all.
I went here last week for my courtesy vet follow up after adopting a puppy  and I was very disappointed with the unprofessionalism that went on in this office. The "Office Manager" was so classless she told me she wouldn't call the Humane Society for any shot records, and she told me "If you think I have an attitude, I do". All because in the folder the Humane Society gave me was missing my 4 month old puppies shot records, I'm disappointed that she clearly could careless about my puppy. There was no one there to help me besides the aggressive "Office Manager", she even went and told the Doctor to make me leave because she was ANNOYED with me. It was really ridiculous, I would not recommend this place to anyone. Its not even clean and these people seem very shady, like half way house shady... Ewwww
We have been taking our pets to see Dr. Moffet & Dr. Danner for many years.  They have always taken such good care of all of them.  When our kitty got sick & we had to make the heart wrenching decision to put him to sleep, Dr. Moffet was there to comfort us & let us know we were doing what was best for him.  When I was pregnant I had to take my dog in for some tests & I was very ill from "all day" sickness & had to race out of the room to the restroom, when I returned, Dr. Danner had almonds & a cup of water for me!  We have since moved to central Phoenix, but we still make the drive to Mesa because we feel that Dr. Moffet & Dr. Danner are the best vets to take care of our fur babies.
I came to this office seeking a second opinion regarding treatment for my elderly dog. I drove from across town to see Dr. Yates and was absolutely FLOORED by the excellent quality of service I received. She was unable to help us, but she was polite, kind, and did not charge us for the visit. In addition, I received a Get Well Soon card from her in the mail a few days later. Wow! This office is 25 miles from my home so I am not sure they will be my regular vet, but I so appreciate their fabulous treatment of their clientele.
We bring our poodle puppy Didimon there. Everyone who work there are friendly and Dr. Yates seems to really care about our puppy. We brought our Schnauzer Jack there too for many years until he passed away. We always had a good experience there.
Total rip off! don't go here for your dogs surgery they over charge upwards of 1000 or more than anywhere else. Do your research on what is and isn't necessary. They itemize every charge separately when it should be included in the surgery cost.  The "veterinary nurse" was extremely rude and condescending. First of all there is no such thing as a veterinary nurse. You're a vet tech making 10/hr posing as a nurse. I'm an RN at st. Rose so I'm well aware of this scam. These people throw medical terminology around trying to scare you, don't be fooled!! Do your research, got quoted 300-500 other places with doctors with more experience. I went here because it's close to my home and they quoted me 2000. Don't be a sucker.
Dr. Varela is amazing and Dr. Johnston too! I'm sad we are going to have to move away from this vet eventually because of our military commitment. The staff (I.e. Sheila) is amazing and I couldn't ask for anyone that loves my dog just as much as I do! The doctors never seemed rushed they will ALWAYS sit and go through every little thing you wanted to discuss and make you feel so comfortable. They truly care about our pets and I couldn't ask for a better vet for my dog. They will NEVER recommend unnecessary procedures even if you ask for them! I have gone in with a recommendation from someone that I need to get "blank" done and they will say " no, I don't think that's necessary to pay for you won't find results with that" truly honest vets. If you want a vet you can trust, go to Camino al norte!
This vet office is unlike ANY we have ever encountered!  I still cannot believe that we don't need to paw & scratch (no pun intended) to get an appointment.  Why?  Because there's NO APPOINTMENT NECESSARY for most visits!  How awesome is that?!  Not only that, but whenever I call, Sheila is a complete joy.  I swear Dr. Varela, if you're not paying her top dollar you sure should be.  Sheila makes our visits happy, comforting ones.  She's the type of person who always greets you with a warm smile and says "See ya later honey!"  What a great lady.  Dr. Varela is not only a skilled professional, he is also a grade-A human being.  We took our dog there for what we thought would be a routine checkup and it turned out to be major dental surgery.  The poor pup had so many teeth extracted and Dr. Varela was more than fair with the price.  He knew we had been through a lot with that scary, unexpected news and was so compassionate and accommodating about the entire ordeal.  I'm an overprotective mommy who hates leaving my babies out of my sight for even a day, but I am not worried about boarding our pups with this facility that's built on the love of animals, instead of the love of the dollar.  Outstanding.  Thank you so much, Camino Al Norte Animal Hospital!
I had an AWESOME experience with Dr Erin Cantwell.   I brought our Dog in on Easter Sunday of all days because I had a horrible experience elsewhere the night before....  The entire staff is extremely polite and helpful...  They didnt try to sell me anything that our dog didnt need.. They addressed the problem right away no hassles or upsells...  Dr. Cantwell was extremely thorough and informative.. She spent more time with us than I have ever had with any Vets office.. She answered all my questions and gave great suggestions and ideas for the future care of our Dog...  I have found our Vet's office from this day on... Thank You Everyone at Camino Al Norte Animal Hospital...  Your commitment and availability even on Easter Sunday is AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!
Plain and Simple....Take your pets here! I visited Puppy Boutique on Craig and Rancho( which also came very highly recommend...or a puppy store) and also visited Yelp in search for a good animal hospital. The recommendations all brought me to Camino Al Norte Animal Hospital. Although i was only there for a matter of 20 minutes, if that, my experience was all that it was hyped up to be! Dr. Varela was great and caring, his love of animals was obvious. JUST GO HERE! PLAIN AND SIMPLE!!!!
As far as vets go, Dr.Cantwell is the best, but I'm sure Dr.Varela is just as wonderful (just overhearing him talking to a client in an exam room makes me think so). I've never been particularly picky about the vets I've taken my dog to, mostly because we usually only see a vet when he needs shots, but now I can't imagine taking him anywhere else. Even the office staff is stellar!    The only reason this place should have anything less than a 5-star review is because Dr.Barton also practices here. The one time I was in there to see her, she seemed really cold and unhelpful; printed me out an estimate for surgery, and sent me on my way. Having only been my second visit to the clinic, it was an immediate red flag and I went to get a second opinion at Craig Animal Hospital. The vet I met with there was very warm and I got a similar estimate from her. Thankfully, I was able to meet with Dr.Cantwell and she took the time to explain everything and we set up an appointment for her to perform the surgery, and I'm back in love with this place.    So all in all, even with my encounter with Dr.Barton, I still give this place a solid 5 stars, which I feel speaks volumes.
Dr.Cantwell is the best, she cares about my dogs and has yet to give up on diagnosing the infection that my dog has right now that even their specialist can not diagnose. I will continue to come here especially for Dr.Cantwell.
This review is based on boarding at the Hospital, not necessarily the sick care.  I started taking my dog to Camino a while back for shots and other things.  I have seen Dr. Varela several times and don't really have an issue with him but their boarding service is absolutely horrible!!  Animal Hospitals should not board unless they have enough staff to spend time with the animals and give them proper care.  I was boarding my dog regularly and had several issues. I noticed that every time I got home my dog was extremely thirsty and was running for the door to use the bathroom.  I have a large Rottie mix and he can easily go 5-6 hours without acting this way.  I told Sheila that I didn't think my dog was being taken out.  She said she checked and he was being taken out every 2-3 hours.  I don't believe that at all.      The last time I boarded (a couple of weeks ago), he peed on the floor when the girl brought him out.  I asked her if he had been doing that and she said sometimes he was peeing in the kennel.  My dog HAS NEVER done that after being boarded anywhere!!  I'm absolutely convinced that my dog was getting little to no attention whatsoever.  I'm furious to think of my dog sitting there for 2-3 days like that!!! The girl at the counter, Michelle totally ignored what was going on as if she didn't hear it.  She was quite curt at other times as well.  The next day, I called Sheila and told her what happened.  She told me that they had several complaints about Michelle. She assured me that she would check into it and call me "when I get to the bottom of it".  A week later, I assumed I would not be receiving a call.  Very poor customer service.     DON'T even think about boarding your animal there unless you want to have to wonder the whole time you're away how your animal is getting neglected!      I tried to save money by going here and it wasn't worth it.  For the time being, I have taken him back to Petsmart on North 5th, more expensive but my dog is much happier, better taken care of, played with and walked regularly!
Dr Cantwell is amazing! She was very helpful and not at all pushy or uninterested in our puppy like other vets usually are.     I brought my puppy in because he was breaking out in pimple like bumps from an allergic reaction. Dr Cantwell examined him and was quite sweet and caring with him. She prescribed some medicine for him and asked to do a follow up exam to rule out any other potential causes/problems.     Usually from my experiences with other vets, they're either pushy on unnecessary treatment or they don't have that caring connection and interest in your pets as if they're just a number. Well not with Dr Cantwell!    I highly recommend this hospital. If I ever have any emergency needs, I will definitely take my puppy here.
After taking my two rescue dogs here for about 1year my opinions have changed. They all have been very nice and good to my animals. My dogs get yearly exams, shots, and one teeth cleaning. They have always taken their time with me and answered my questions during the exam. Nice.  The two questions two of the vets couldn't answer were not followed up on like they said they would. Not the end of the world.     However, this summer I was informed by the office manager and Dr. Varela that he would not be taking either of my dogs into the back without giving the the optional Bordatella shot. Their 'new office policy', sent down from above.  They gave a handful of reasons and Varela got uppity and scowly with me so I quickly debated. Went ahead with it because I wanted to get the inexpensive procedure done on one of the dogs that day, and pick up the free coupon RX diet food for the other. Fine.     The procedure done on one, two trips into the back room for weights & measuring for the other to get her free food and I was out the door. Do you think I had to pay for a Bordatella for the other dog who went back twice? THEY DIDN'T EVEN ASK!     How "mandatory" could an optional/voluntary Bordatella shot be if they don't even follow their own regulations?    Shouldn't the pet owner be able to decide this? I think all pets should have their legally required shots and surgeries! The rest is at my discretion, as I see the need for. Especially when Bordatella is designed to prevent kennel cough when dogs are boarded. Boarding my dogs? Never!    Bordatella shots are currently $10.00 and last 6 months. Each dog X 2 shots yearly per each pet owner = you do the math and watch your pocket book!
When you walk in all they see is dollar signs. They constantly try to up charge every little thing then make you feel like an unfit pet owner when you decline. My dog had a cancerous tumor removed in January 2014 and came back in May for an unrelated hematoma in her ear. For us to proceed with hematoma surgery the dr tried to insist we get 210 x rays done. She then also said we should biopsy another "growth" that was in face just the surgery spot from January where she left a lump at suture spot. Then when we let them know we would complete surgery and go to another vet, a mysterious $6 unpaid charge from January occurred even though I pay all my bills in full. Bad accounting, a dr that quite frankly only seems half there (kept calling my female dog a he)....
If you want a classy, clean, dependable, highly trained vet - this is your place.  Dr. Casey is SUPER SUPER friendly.  She and her staff absolutely love animals and will go the extra mile to make sure your pet is cared for.  It is a beautiful office with brand new equipment.  VERY clean and sanitary.  They take the best care of my dogs.  Wonderful.
Dr. Casey and Dr. Emerson do a great job with my 2 dogs.    I have a diabetic 10 year old husky with hypothyroidism... so let's just say I've seen some vets. McDowell Mountain did an excellent job stabilizing my dog's insulin and finding the right dosage. Two other vets in the area were unable to get it right.    The staff is friendly and the service is thorough. I'd highly recommend MMAH.
Dr Casey and her staff went above and beyond to help me with a foster dog named Lucky.  Unfortunately, Lucky has not been so lucky in life.  He needed extensive dental work and his very infected back dew claws needed to be removed.  Dr. Casey, Krystal and everyone at the office helped pitch in to give Lucky the care he needed to find a forever home!  I highly recommend them as one of the best vets in the valley!
A couple of years ago my Jack Russell got extremely sick.  We hadn't found a vet yet since neither of the dogs had been sick since we moved to Arizona and they weren't due for vaccines yet.  MMAH was the closest vet to us.  It's less than a mile away.  As soon as I woke up I ran over to their office and they told me I could bring her right in.  They called her old vet and got medical records for both of my dogs and treated her right away.   The entire staff was extremely nice.     A couple of months ago I thought my Lab might have a UTI so I brought him in.  He was fine but the vet wanted to do a second urine test on him to make sure.  She was so nice about it and didn't charge me for the second test.  While we were there I asked if the groomer was in because he needed his nails cut really badly.  Cutting his nails is a nightmare.  He hates it; he squirms and cries the whole time I do it.  Their groomer is amazing.  He is seriously a dog whisperer.  It took him less than 5 minutes to cut his nails and they were so short I couldn't believe it.  He said my big cry baby was a perfect gentleman and didn't cry once.    The staff at MMAH is really amazing.  I would recommend them to anyone that was looking for a vet or groomer!
The entire staff from front desk to techs to vets are fabulous.  They genuinely care about every "patient" and family.  They are competent, fun and wonderful to be with.  I've taken my new Maltipoo there twice.  First visit was a well-dog checkup and chip implant.  We were treated well and promptly and not rushed at all.      Second visit was because of what turned out to be a slipped disc.  Dr. "Casey" spent lots of time explaining what was going on and setting out a treatment plan.  She went over the ex rays in detail and explained everything we needed to know.  24 hours later Emmie is feeling much better and is starting to get back to normal.    It's hard to imagine how much better care and service could be for my dog than at McDowell Mountain Animal Hospital.  What a great sense of security knowing that an excellent vet team is close by when they're needed.
My husband and I brought one of our dogs here over the Christmas holiday while our regular vet was closed. She had a weird eye infection and we didn't feel comfortable putting it off for two days. We were admitted right away and the Doctor was in quickly. He was very gentle and thorough, and we were both genuinely satisfied with our experience. I was expecting sticker shock but the bill was in line with standard vet prices.  I would recommend this place to anyone in the unfortunate event they would need it.
A few days ago, our 4 month old black lab was acting completely out of character. He was throwing up, moping around, and worst of all, we had found blood in his poop. Fearing the worst, my husband and I knew we needed to take him to an emergency animal hospital ASAP. I am SO glad we chose this place!    From the time we walked in to the time we left, our puppy was treated with so much love and compassion. We were admitted immediately and seen by a tech within a few minutes of being shown to our room. Right away, she discussed our options and the tests we could run to determine what the problem may be. Within the first 30 minutes of our admittance, we had him examined, seen by the vet, and started running tests to rule out the worst (parvo, worms, etc.).     Thankfully, he just had a bacterial infection and we were sent home with everything we needed to make sure he recovered appropriately.     The only issue we ran into was the long wait after he was diagnosed. We were there for about 3 1/2 hours. While checking out, we could see how busy they got while we were waiting, though, and understood that things happen. And, as with all emergency situations, pateints need to be prioritized (which is why the long wait doesn't affect our rating).    I was in hysterics on the way to the hospital, but left feeling calmer and more optimistic. The entire staff here at North Valley Regional Animal Hospital is amazing, from the front desk to the vets and techs. They even called us the next couple days to check on our puppy's progress.    I highly recommend this place to anyone in the area with a pet emergency! Your pet is in good hands here! : )
I was very impressed with my entire experience at this veterinarian.  This past Sunday I called to learn about how they worked and if they were busy.  I was concerned it would be swamped being a weekend.  Linda was extremely informative, knowledgeable and responsive to my questions.  She was not afraid to give me prices.  When I arrived I was greeted immediately by Dan, asked what my dog's problem was and taken in to a clean, private exam room. Jessica, the tech checked my dog's vitals, got more info and it was within 10 minutes when the doctor, Dr. Megan Begay came in.  She was gentle, listened to my history, gave suggestions and alternatives then allowed me to make decisions.  She was not pushy or condescending.    Their prices were very fair.  About the same as I would have paid at my regular vet.  They provided me with the doctor notes and lab results so I could send to my pet insurance.  They also sent a copy of the report to our regular vet.    I'm so happy I chose NVRAH instead of the one my vet has on their answering machine.  This place is awesome!  All thumbs up!
They were very friendly & helpful during our visit. We called for advice before we came in, Holly was very helpful. She was there when we arrived & treated our dog great. It was 5:30am and we had to bring him in to be put to sleep. It was extremely hard to deal with (still is)...but they were very respectful to our feelings. Doctor explained everything, so we understood what would happen. If we ever have another emergency with our other dogs this is the place we will take them.
I got home from work and my dog was very ill.  It must have happened suddenly as he was fine when we left for work that morning.  I took him in at approximately 7 pm.  The office staff was wonderful.  One of the vet techs was wonderful.  I wish I could remember her name - she was blonde.  So sweet and took wonderful care of our Copper.  They were all wonderful!  Dr. Lunt was very caring.   Copper had to spend two nights at the hospital and every time I called they were available to talk and let me know how he was doing.  We visited Copper a couple of times and they were always accommodating and encouraged it.  Copper was watched carefully and kept very clean and comfortable which I'm sure was difficult to do considering his tummy issues.  It took a number of days for him to bounce back but he he is doing well today - relief!
The staff here are patient, kind, knowledgable, and honest. Our puppy came down with Parvo a few weeks ago. They took the time to explain to us the disease and how serious it was. We were there at 12am hearing about our options to move forward. They broke down the cost of leaving him in the hospital for a few days vs. sending him home with meds for us to administer. We both work full time and decided our puppy had the best chance of surviving if we left them with the hospital. They asked for a 75% deposit of the estimate.  The staff reassured us we could call any time to check in on him. We called 3-4 times a day but they never made us feel like they were bothering them! A vet tech would get on the phone and give us a thorough update. Once he was ok, they sent us home with great instructions on how to continue caring for him. As a bonus, they actually refunded some of our money as they didn't need as much meds as they initially thought! We felt respected, cared for, and very grateful for saving our dog's life.
What a great place to go for Super Bowl Sunday. My dog got bit in the face and they fixed it sent me home before game was over any questions?
Been waiting 2 hours to be seen by a vet. Only one person in front of us when we got here. My dog has been throwing up blood in the waiting room and despite our complaining, still no vet. If there are other 24 hour animal hospitals use them.
Although I don't enjoy ever going to the vet, I find this emergency facility a solid choice. I remember when my dog was very ill, and the vet sat on the floor for like 30-45 minutes to share the horrifying news that she most likely had a very aggressive cancer and explained the disease and options, which wasn't looking good.  The point is that I have gone back a handful of times because they are a great back up if you can't wait to see the vet.  Prices are affordable and all the vets seem knowledgeable.
I love Dr. Vitale, he is amazing with both of our dogs!!!! Wonderful and friendly staff that are extremely helpful and knowledgeable. Stayed after hours to help our dog, and goes above and beyond. I recommend him to all my friends with dogs!
I recently lost my dear sweet Emma, a  Rhodesian Ridgeback dog, to cancer.       The ENTIRE staff at Whole Pet were amazingly competent, empathetic, helpful and available to me and Emma during a hard time.  The doctors were knowledgeable and resourceful and explained everything and my options.       I am forever indebted to them for their compassion and hope that anybody who needs help will do themselves a favor and go see these people.        Cheers.
Great!  Knowledgeable doctors have taken great care of all my dogs. They practice modern medicine and offer holistic options which was exactly the balance we were looking for in a vet.
Really personable. They listen to you. Give you lots of options. Are up front about their pricing. They understand the benefits of a raw diet and they care about their patients. I was very very impressed.    As soon as i arrived at Whole Pet, I felt like family.  They treated me and my dogs like I had always gone there.  So glad I found this place!
Still love them! The vets, Megan, Lisa, and Erica are all so nice and very patient. They make sure all of your questions and concerns are addressed (including everything from grain free dog foods to doggie seat belts!). The vet techs are all SUPERB! Overall a very talented, just wonderful group! I wouldn't take my pup anywhere else.
Not bad for right down the street to where I live, but not great in the scheme of things. I had never had a dog before so when I got one I had a lot of questions. I asked the vet there what kind of food my dog should be eatting and all she could tell me was "a quality one, like the one we offer here". She also told me my dog was very badly behaved. Which would be differnt if she actually was a bad dog but number one I had just gotten her from the humane society and was just learning to work with her and number two the context in which she was telling me this was when they were trying to take her temp analy...and all my dog was doing was moving around, no barking no biting and no jumping. Just because she wouldn't sit still to get something up her butt makes her a bad dog?    If you can get passed all that, they are prety cheep, and have a wide range of availability. They also did successfully get my dog healthy after I adopted her...she had three different kinds of worms and couldn't keep down food.
This is the best care I have ever had for my dog.  Highly recommend!
I cannot imagine a better veterinary practice to take my best friend to. We've been using Lakeview for about 4 years, and have met with each of the vets and techs on staff at some point. They are all caring, informative, professional, and clearly love what they do. A friend of mine was unhappy with her vet and asked if we were happy with ours. She tried Lakeview and was thrilled she made the switch.    On several occasions, we have called Lakeview with a problem or question, unsure if we should bring our dog in (e.g., she ate a BBQ chicken wing). Many times, they have given us free advice/suggestions over the phone to try prior to bringing our dog in. More than once, this was enough to avoid bringing her in, saving us time and money. Now, Lakeview is not cheap -- but what vet is? The fact is, they are not trying to squeeze money out of you for things your pet doesn't need.    We will be leaving the Madison area soon, and losing Lakeview as our vet is one of the things that upsets me most! I am sure it will be difficult to find a vet as great as the group at Lakeview!
I brought my dog to Lakeview for the first time this month and will definitely return.  Good customer service goes a very long way. Dr. Banks is very charismatic and knowledgeable and you can tell she really cares about the animals she treats.  I had a bad experience with another veterinary clinic on University Avenue where I felt like I was being nickel and dimed, but this was not the case at Lakeview.  Dr. Banks delivered great care without breaking my wallet and for that, I am truly thankful.
This place has saved my dog not once but twice! All the doc are amazing, they are sweet and understand! The front office is so helpful and caring! My dog had one back surgery and I love them!!  I drive from Scottsdale just because they are the best!!
I totally disagree with the first reviewer. We have been to Dr. Senter and Central Mesa Veterinary Hospital several times with our two dogs and found them to be pleasant, friendly, and helpful people who cared about our animals. Even with basic vaccinations, they called the next day to see how they did and were so understanding when I wanted to take a "least invasive" approach to my dog's care, giving me options for him, making me feel that she valued my input and opinion.  I fully recommend them!
Our 8 mo old German Shepherd puppy had started limping from his front leg, we took him to our regular Vet and unfortunately they were not very helpful in what was wrong just said we needed to see a specialist! Someone referred us to Dr Senter for a 2nd opinion and I could not of asked for a better Dr!! She was amazing! So kind and gentle and so incredibly informative! She took the time to show us exactly what was wrong, and explain it in detail! She referred us to a trusted Specialist  where we had the surgery done. She didnt charge us and prescribed us medicine for him which was not previously given. Our big guy is doing much better now and I'm so thankful Dr Senter helped us understand!! I wish her practice was closer to us but she was worth the drive!!!
We started coming to Central Mesa Vet about 6 months ago.  Unfortunately they didn't know our pets long before both of them started having issues that caused us to visit quite often. Our bullmastiff was very protective of us but the Dr was very understanding when he would growl and snap, I've noticed that not a lot of vets understand when a dog is simply acting like a dog.  This was huge for us, it really cemented that this vet was the perfect fit for our family.  When we found out our bullmastiff had bone cancer they were really helpful and super caring.  We had to put him down in their office in March and they really helped us through it.  We still have a healthy bulldog and now a new french mastiff and I wouldn't take them anywhere else.
My puppy Eli broke his leg, and after taking him to Banfield in Mesa (the vets inside Pet Smart) we were quoted at $2500-$3500 to fix his leg. I was super sick to my stomach. Banfield won't even fix broken legs, so they refered us to the VCA in Mesa. Banfield charged $400 for x-rays and a splint. Anyone who is an animal lover knows there is no price to put on a companion, but then again when you're in this economy, things are very tight. After posting a cry for help on Craigslist, I was referred to Dr. Barbara Capwell about 8 times. I called up, and the receptionist Gretchen was so helpful and compassionate. Dr. Capwell did the surgery for about 1/3 of the cost, and she specializes in orthopedic surgery. She was so helpful and explained EVERYTHING! The clinic is very down to earth, unlike Banfield, which the employees are "cold" and don't really show any compassion. They are paid on commission so all they care about is making a buck. I will be canceling my Banfield plan for all my pets and switch to Gentle Care. I couldn't be more please with a vet.
When I first moved to the area, I chose this vet because I can walk here.  I didn't like the vet at the time, but since Dr. Capwell has taken over I'm much happier.  They are always very friendly and helpful, and I love that Dr. Capwell is willing to sit on the floor with the dogs - it makes them much more comfortable.    I travel to the northeast frequently, and so I had some questions about Lyme Disease.  Since it's so rare around here, Dr. Capwell researched the vaccine options and really helped me out.  She definitely went the extra mile!
I took my dog here for another opinion on her torn acl. Everyone in the office was really helpful and nice from the moment we walked in. Dr Capwell was extremely honest with what was going on with her knee and that she wasn't comfortably performing surgery on her. I greatly appreciated her honesty, rather than taking my $ and it going wrong! She referred me to another vet that she felt could help us. It all ended up working out! She is a great vet-you don't find that honesty everywhere anymore!!
When no one else wanted to put my Yorkie under anesthesia, Dr. Capwell was experienced enough to take the chance and performed the teeth cleaning under anesthesia.  My dog was fine afterwards and I trust the vet with both my dogs. It's also convenient. I love that they have Saturday hours, too!
Excellent place to take your animal.  Took my dog to get check out due to another clinic that would not give him his rabies shot. The clinic said his nose was inflamed and might have possible mites so no rabies for him. I waited over an hour 1/2 at the vaccines clinic south of the 202 and ALMASCHOOL. You think they would of prescreened him and told me he's a no go  instead of having me wait that long. So it's been a long day not to mention freaking me out because of this. I called over 10 clinics and went with this place due to awesome reviews. It's between petco and Frys.  Passed by it 1000's of times never checked it out and I'm so happy I went here today. Everyone here is very friendly and like family. My dog checked out ok after tests and multiple shots and some meds and ointment. He's allergic to new fabric softener  on his blanket.  When the appointment was over I talked to the lady at the counter and let her know how great their customer service was and how I will be coming back in the future.
So sorry that there are bad reviews on Ocotillo animal clinic. This is a top notch vet office with the most friendly staff you will ever meet.  I have taken all my animals here for eight years.  I have always been made to feel like my pet is their most important client. They even came to my house to put my dog to sleep.  And the care and concern was above and beyond.  I can not say enough good things about this vet office.  I would never go anywhere else.
not happy at all with the care my pet received recently. i've been taking our dog there for the last three years which was OK b/c we only went once/year for boosters and yearly exams. but when our dog had an issue recently, they were eager to "put him out" to examine him, take x-rays and perform a needle biopsy only to be told the results were inconclusive and we'd have to see a specialist, which they could recommend.    we ended up taking our dog to trusted vet in CA who basically told us we wasted $350 with the testing they did (or lack thereof). i'm sick especially b/c this is a financial hardship to us since my husband has been unemployed for the last year and a half.     needless to say, our dog is having surgery as we speak by our trusted vet in CA to remove the "mass" that he was able to determine was not suspicious based on the blood they took prior to the surgery.    why didn't the doc at ocotillo animal clinic take a blood test while our dog was "under?"    bottom line, we won't be going back to ocotillo animal clinic...we've seen a different doc each time in part b/c we were never impressed with any.
My pet had an anal gland infection which occurred on Sunday. I called the clinic first thing in the morning as a new patient and they set me an appointment for 11am the same day. The staff, doctors and nurses were all very polite and very helpful in making me understand what the issue was. I didn't have to wait at all and I was promptly put in a room with my dog to fill out paper work right after I got in. My dog was treated within minutes, and the doctor gave me a few tips for further prevention. I would have given the place 5 stars, the only thing was that they gave me a pill cutter with the prescribed medicines and said it was free but when I came home and saw the invoice , they had charged me for it. I usually look at bills right when I get it, but with my dog in one arm and paper work in the other I did no bother to check at the clinic. Oh well, all in all, I would definitely recommend this clinic.
I really enjoy going to this vet clinic.  They are always fast and on schedule and the team of people that work there are friendly....that's a big deal for me especially when I am with my pups!  The prices are pretty average on what you would expect from a vet.  I just found out that they clip nails for $12...that is pretty awesome, I have a hard time doing this on one of my labs so a quick in and out for $12 is worth it to me.  The facilities are always clean so you get the feeling that its been wiped down before and after you arrive...no doggy germs for me thank you!
This clinic is top notch. Everything you need they have. Boarding, grooming and vet care. My dogs have been there for everything and I am more then pleased. Best customer service and clean place. My dogs are staying in a clean, healthy environment. I've read on parasite control and I see why they screen all dogs entering. To keep our dogs healthy and prevent the spread of common parasites and I love that.       Some of these reviews are untrue. They are not near a canal you must be thinking of the other kennel place that's all out doors down the way from Ocotillo. Besides I know when dogs see other dogs they bark they are dogs duh! Keep up the amazing work Ocotillo I wouldn't go anywhere else.
Took my bulldog there. Poor diagnosis. Wasted money in tests. Waste time. Poor X-ray equipment.
This place could not tell me what was wrong with my puppy, they wanted to charge me twice for the same issue and then when I asked about the charge told me that i just probably couldnt afford to pay. So upset with this I called HR do you think they cared to do anything NO! Please save yourself and animal by going to a better caring vet!
Took our dog Sydney to the Westbrook on the recommendation of a friend and I could not be happier. The doctor took his time with our dog and really made her feel comfortable. He was super knowledgable and answered every question we had. We will be bringing all of our animals here from now on. I will recommend this place to anyone I know with a pet.
Came here tonight because my dog was having some serious problems eating and breathing. Called ahead, office said they could fit us in right away. Girls were friendly and efficient. Vet was wonderful and explained everything. My dog felt comfortable and got immediate treatment. Ended up having a salivary gland infection. Prices were also reasonable. Would go back without hesitation.
I called here one morning because my dog got into the trash, they got me in that afternoon.  No one was up front when I came in & sat for quite a while before I was greeted.  When I was taken back to the exam room I waited for about 30 min for the tech to come get the paper work I filled out for my dogs. When the Dr. finally came to the room she was very friendly & came up with a treatment plan right away. The Dr. & the tech were knowledgable & answered all of my questions.  I was given a few different options & was shown different pricing so I could choose, which I really liked having that option instead of just being hit with a large bill. They were very sweet but it took almost 2 hours from walking in to walking out. Maybe they were just short staffed that day? They called the next day to check on my baby as well as sent me magnets of my fur babies pictures! LOVED that! It was a very neat touch. All in all, I would recommend this vet, I just wish the wait time was shorter.
I brought my new rescue dog in to Westbrook and saw Dr. Hummel.  I was very impressed with the receptionist, the technicians and the very kind and knowledgeable Dr. Hummel.  He made a follow-up call to check on my dog which is a plus with me.  The offices are very clean.  This is their new facility on 91st and Union Hills in the Fry's shopping area.  I was very pleased with how my pet was treated.
Sonoran Foothills Pet Clinic is great!  Dr. Grossman is very nice and wonderful with our two dogs.  This is a nice, clean, new office and everyone who works here is incredibly helpful.
I have been bringing my dog Reggie here for about 4 years now I will not take him anywhere else now even though he pees himself everytime he realizes where he is at. Dr. Grossman and his staff are the best.
I have enjoyed bringing my dog-child to Dr. Grossman. The staff is friendly and they have appointments that are convenient  (afternoons/weekends) which both add up my satisfaction. Not expensive compared to other vets in the area.
Just moved to the area and wasn't sure if I'd find a good place for my dogs.  I would recommend this place to any pet owner - very friendly and reasonable priced
I've been taking my dog here since we got him in 2012 and can't believe I haven't yet written a review in support of Dr. Grossman and his staff.  Dr. Grossman is a wonderful, knowledgeable vet and has helpful and friendly staff who take great care of our dog.  I had to call them today since my poor puppy was having stomach troubles and despite being booked up for the day, they were able to squeeze me in to get my dog the medicine he needed.  We will keep going back.
Just an update to original review. Our dog, which they had prescribed DES for her urination issue began having some issues shortly after taking the pills. She lost a bunch of weight, and was having trouble keeping food down. We took her in, to a reputable vet, only to find out that she was being massively overdosed by the amount they prescribed! They prescribed a full pill once every other day. She is now on a quarter pill every week. These people are insane & have no business practicing. This amount could have done permanent damage. We are very lucky right now she seems to be doing fine. Never, ever trust these people with your precious pets.
I almost never write a review of anything, but I have set aside time to warn everyone about this horrendous place.  This vet is incredibly close to my house, making it very tempting to go back even if they are not the greatest. Im a casual person, not easily offended, but the staff in front is very unprofessional and make strange comments.  They are very confrontational about your dogs care, making sure you feel just guilty enough to buy everything they sell.  Looking past that I thought maybe the vet care would be decent.  The first time I went it was.  Nothing too major to complain about, just a regular vet visit.  Which is why I decided to return when my little dog had some pressing issues.  We waited in the lobby for at least 15 min past our appointment time and another 45 minutes in the vet room.  When the vet finally entered she launched right into a half hour(no exaggeration) sales pitch about food.  I understand that we could and should be feeding our pets a higher quality food, but this was unbelievable.  She used what she described as "an ancient chinese practice" called "muscle testing" in which the vet tech would hold my very confused dog in one arm and press her index and thumb together on that same arm.  The vet would then try to open her fingers by pulling them.  Some how this told them what food she needs.  I was speechless. Just so happens to be all of the food they sell there. After literally almost 30 very awkward minutes I told her we feed Acana and wont be changing it.  She then told me, "that doesnt muscle test well". Pretty convenient since they dont sell it there.  They made an enormous checklist of foods she needed.  I was dumbfounded.  I have NEVER seen anything like this.  What an enormous load of crap. No offense to anyone that is into alternative medicine, but this is not something you expect going into a vet.  I had to ask her several times to actually address what was going on with my dog, which was absolutely nothing digestive.  She barely looked at my dog, or examined her.  The diagnosis and treating of her actual ailments took about 5 minutes and we were there an hour and a half.  I am even tempered but I was downright angry leaving this place.  Their one and only desire is to sell their food.  They do not care about your animal and they dont even have the decency to pretend to.  DO NOT GO HERE.  GO ABSOLUTELY ANYWHERE ELSE.
Presented me with an expensive and invasive treatment plan.  Did not work well with my dog.  I contacted the company to express my concerns.  Awaiting their response.
Our dog snagged his nail on our carpet last night (Saturday) & it was bleeding pretty bad. Of course all vets were closed so we did our best to stop the bleeding at home and began to search for somewhere open Sunday. Thus we ended up here! Love that they are open 7 days a week! They got us in on short notice and only charged us a vet visit to fix up the nail. $55 but hey, its Sunday! Happy to pay it to know my pup isnt in pain. The vet was really nice too.    They did show us the "buy our wellness plan" video, but weren't pushy on the sales end beyond that. In fact for how many times we go to the vet (as first time pet owners we may be a little more paranoid) it almost seems like a good deal!    Would recommend for weekend needs and for individuals who would consider buying the wellness plan.
Brought a perfectly healthy pet in for a comprehensive exam and dental cleaning. We brought her home nearly 12 hours after our drop off and she has not been well ever since. The vet was not terribly kind, brusque really in her follow up care. I was told there "wasn't really a place for her (our dog), but the doctor will make time" when we asked to bring her in to be seen after a long night of throwing up and retching/coughing. Her post-procedure vomiting and dehydration were addressed well enough the day following, but no real recovery to the same health despite our continued efforts at home. Later in the week, with vomiting and inability to keep food down a problem, asked to come back in. Only this time, I requested fees to be waived as these issues were caused by her dental treatment earlier in the week. I was told by an otherwise very kind front office rep. that she would call me back. Nothing. No call back. No concern for my pet who was made ill through their care. Had they at least called back with an estimate of costs that would have been nice. Is it so bad to ask for costs to be waived or reduced for care that is needed to correct problems that the same vet created?     Instead I called our pet's former vet (who had left Banfield last year--should tell you something) and she received excellent supportive care with instructions and supplies to continue her care at home. Our dog is still not well, but at least we have the tools to help her and the confidence that our new vet actually cares about her well-being.     When we picked up our pet the day of her teeth cleaning she looked awful--bile and drool on her face and paws, what appeared to be excrement on her tail end, and watery, weeping eyes. We were told that she had gotten sick after her wakeup from anesthesia, however the state she was in was inexcusable. This office needs to pay more focused attention to their clients instead of treating them like they are on an assembly line. We will no longer be visiting this facility and discourage anyone from bringing their furry loved ones here.
I wish I could give more stars! This place has a very friendly staff and extremely knowledgeable doctors. We started taking our Maggie there about a year ago. Always have a positive friendly experience. This is always something you like to see when seeking a review. More importantly, when a life is in danger you want the best, and this is what you get at Arrowhead. Dr. Pfafman saved our Maggie!   Dogs will be dogs and unknown to us at the time, Maggie managed to swallow 2 squeaky toy bladders. Her symptoms were in line with a few different causes and Dr. P methodically eliminated all possibilities but one. He explained everything in detail and was honest with his recommendation which was emergency surgery. We agreed to proceed and the bladders were found. One was less than hours away from tearing through her intestine which would most likely had caused death. If it were not for Dr. P's approach and explanation of the situation we may have chosen to delay the surgery.  Finally, when the dust settled and we knew Maggie was going to be fine, dealing with a medical bill such as this one was made much easier by offering us a no-interest payment plan.  A big THANK YOU to all the staff at Arrowhead Ranch Animal Hospital!
Over  the past 16 years or so, my wife and I have been taking our dogs, pet rats and even a tortoise to Arrowhead Ranch Animal Hospital for treatment.  Our main "go to" doctors have been Dr. Ardelt followed by Dr. Glanzberg.  Each doctor has their own specialty and together you can't find a better team to treat your pets with compassion as well as with a high level of technical skill.      Additionally, the doctors have the support of professional and friendly  veterinary assistants and front desk personnel.    Currently, both Dr. Ardelt and Dr. Glanzberg are working in concert to help diagnosis and treat our 12 1/2 year old dog, Harley,  who has a serious heart condition.  We've been able to call them at any time to ask them questions about Harley.  If they can't get to the phone right then and there they will always return our calls and take the time to answer our questions and address our concerns.    Recently,  Harley had to undergo an EKG at Arrowhead Ranch Animal Hospital.  Wanting a "second set of eyes" Dr. Glanzberg didn't hesitate to send the results of the EKG to an outside cardiologist for a second opinion.  By the way, this was done at no expense to us.      These doctors are passionate about their work.  They're the kind of veterinarians  we want treating Harley.
No one ever wants to take their animals to the vet or the hospital, but when you have to - you have to go here! They are great. When a worried pet parent calls to make the appointment, you're immediately greeted with a sympathetic voice. The staff and the vets are so great and constantly reassuring you that you're not a bad dog mom.     One of the BEST things about ARAH is that they will let you make payments without interest or pulling your credit. A lot of reasons people let their animals suffer is because they can't afford the treatment.     I have to English Bulldog babies and the staff here are well aware of their special needs and special things you need to be aware of. I can't thank them enough for taking care of my bullies.
I needed to find a good vet in the area and after reading the great reviews I decided to give them a try. I am so glad I did! I can't remember the last time I had service this good anywhere. Everybody was nice and helpful. They didn't mind that I was a little late to my appointment and saw us right away. Dr. Tarr was honest and caring. She really took the time to listen to my concerns and answer all of my questions. She did a great job of explaining what was going on with my dog's joints. I never felt rushed or taken advantage of. They even helped me out to my car after the visit and Dr. Tarr called the next morning to check on my little guy who was feeling fantastic and back to his normal self. We found our vet! I wish you could find this kind of customer service more often.
So friendly, they really care about our dogs, and don't oversell us on expensive meds... overall great!
Just rescued what we believe to be a lab/pit mix. Since his medical history was an unknown, we sought out a local vet who would be able to take care of him and we brought him in for a well visit. It was found that the dog suffered from a parasite and was prescribed meds to help clear the problem. Unfortunately the dog might have had a reaction (unknown) to the meds and started vomiting, of which some got aspirated. This caused us to have to take him to the emergency clinic, but Dr. Jamie Schmidt was able to take care of him the next day. Dr. Schmidt took it upon himself decision wise and financially to get some X-rays done to see what was really going on.  While the condition of the dog is unfortunate, I feel that he couldn't be in better hands! All of the staff at LCAH has been extremely caring, supportive and very approachable during our time of need.
Wow and amazing. We took our little Java here for a skin problem. The staff was so nice and professional, and the place was CLEAN and didn't smell weird. The staff was so patient and kind to Java, and explained EVERYTHING which our prior vet never did. The Dr. here talked to us for almost an hour and explained how to manage Java's skin, not just shove pills in him and tell us to check back in a few weeks like the other place did. Now we know how to help Java by changing his food and shampoo too. Prices were the same or cheaper than we were used to. We will not only take Java back, but will take our other dog here when he needs it as well. I would highly recommend LifeCare Animal Hospital.
We love it here! The entire staff (receptionist, vet techs, and veterinarians) are so friendly! They always are playful with our dogs (1 1/2 year old and 6 month old) and go above and beyond to be sweet to them. They have been very personable with us - asking how everything is going with the little one and taking the time to talk and let us know what is going on. They always remember our dogs by their names, and not just because they were told or looked it up in a system - they take time to know their patients. They are priced well and always do what's best for the pet (like spacing out vaccines if need be for little ones). We are going to be coming here for a long time to come, I can tell.
I've seen both Dr Glenn and Dr Schmidt, and think that they both provided excellent service. It was obvious to me that they both care for animals. I 1st met them when my senior dog had (basically) been misdiagnosed at another vet. I took her somewhere else for a 2nd opinion, and did a lot of asking for recommendations. This was the only vet clinic that I had several friends recommend. We live in Tempe, but still did the drive to their office. They have impressed me with the level of service and committment to my furry-family on every visit. I would highly recommend them to anyone that is looking for a doctor for their 4-legged family members.  With four senior pets, they have worked us in with short notice.
We have been bringing our dogs here for years & have always been happy, but recently we received what I consider to be excellent care and customer service. Our senior dog became ill and even though they had no open appointments they told us on the phone to come in immediately. This was on a Saturday. On Monday they called to check on her and when I said I didn't think she looked that great they said to bring her in- I was not charged for the office visit. The next morning when things took a turn for the worse and we just showed up at the office asking for the dog to be put down, they ushered us right into a room, explained everything, gave us as much time as we wanted, and took care of payment in the exam room so we could just leave straight from there instead of checking out.     Dr Schmidt has always been excellent and he is always mindful of cost and doesn't insist on running every test in the book when it's not necessary. I never feel like they are just trying to get money out of us.
Best staff and Vet ever. I have great confidence in their advice and their kindness towards our Havanese puppy cannot be matched.
Dr. Thurman and the staff at Desert Sage Veterinary Clinic are incredible! I was very impressed with kind and gentle they were with my chihuahua. They always took a lot of time to help me with any questions or concerns I had, and they never tried to talk me into unnecessary tests or procedures. Their kindness and compassion continued even after the end of my dog's life; I received a sympathy card that had handwritten messages from each of the staff members, followed a day later by a card letting me know that a donation had been made to the Pet Memorial program at the Phoenix Zoo in remembrance of my pet. Those two acts of kindness really touched my heart and helped me through a very difficult time. I'd searched for an excellent vet for a very long time, and I finally found one. I've been telling everyone I know about this wonderful veterinary clinic.
I am from out of town but spend a lot of my time in the Phoenix area for work.  My boyfriend and I recently adopted a dog that will be our 'travel buddy'.  I made an appointment here with recommendation from a friend to have her spay sutures removed and kennel cough checked out.  It is very hard now days to find a caregiver for your pet/family/kids that are time efficient, professional, friendly, and caring.  I would say Dr. Thurman and her staff all gave off that vibe.  The nice and knowledgeable male vet tech was very gentle with my lil' lady and Dr. Thurman spent time with me answering all of my questions and was sweet with the pup as well.  I feel like the cost was what you would expect for quality care (maybe even a bit less).    My only complaint??  That I can't take these guys with me wherever I travel!  If you are looking for a great small practice with staff that cares, this is your spot!
I love this Vet office! Dr. Venable is amazing you can really tell that Veterinary Medicine is her passion. Both of the Vet Techs I have worked with are awesome too! I brought my puppy here for a tick treatment and for her puppy shots and I have had a phenomenal experience so far. Dr. Venable even called to check and see how my puppy was doing after her tick treatment which I really appreciated. I would give 10 stars if I could!
Really disappointing with Fletcher Animal hospital. Chose this animal hospital because of the previous good reviews on Yelp. Brought my puppy in because I suspected she had Giardia, which she has often. I called before hand to get prices for the exam and stool sample. Upon arriving, we waited at least 45 minutes to get in a room (they said they were getting it ready). The vet tech Stefan (who is awesome) sat in the waiting room with us and started the exam by asking us questions. We went in the room, waited some more, finally saw Dr. Venable for maybe around 4 minutes. She barely examined my dog. I brought in all her previous records and she still recommended I get more of the same vaccines my dog had received 3 months ago. In the end I was charged much more then what I was quoted over the phone (they claim someone new was answering the phone and gave me wrong answers). They pushed products on me and my dog that we didn't need. Never had a follow up with the results of the stool sample or to see how my dog was feeling. I had to call them many times. Will not be returning, already made an appointment to another vet in Scottsdale for he follow up. Definitely would not recommend.
I have to say that for a chain pet clinic, I've been pretty pleased with the service here. Last year when I got my two poodle puppies, I decided to get the wellness plan through Banfield to save money.  I was a little leery at first because I had several friends turn their noses up at the thought of taking them to a mainstream clinic instead of a private veterinarian office.  I will say it does seem a little more generic and the service is not as personal as you may receive in a private clinic, but they definitely provided me what I needed for my pups.  The staff is extremely friendly and are  excellent about making sure I scheduled all appointments for  shots and services needed for the puppies first year.  In addition, they called and reminded me about all the appointments, and were extremely flexible about changing appointment times and getting me in same day if necessary.  My original plan was to stick with them only through the first year for the puppy plan, and then switch to a private vet, but at this point... I have no reason to leave!
This place is a rip off. I adopted a dog last year who was 12 years old. I did not have his records nor knew of his condition. I took the dog for a check up and exam. Banfield pet Hospital staff talked me into buying their health plan for over $45 a month. Several months later my poor Felfel died due to a liver disease.I called them to cancel the plan since my dog had already died, but found out I had to continue paying into this plan for another four months.  This place only cares about taking your money. They are outrageously expensive for everything including shots and doctor visits. After my experience here i checked the prices at more than 22 other pet, and found 20 of them cheaper than Banfield.
I took my new puppy here twice because everyone at PetSmart has been very friendly and helpful so I expected great service from pet hospital inside as well. I was very disappointed with with doctor I saw here, I should never have wasted my money the second time. It is obvious that this pet hospital is more concerned about getting as much money as they can out of you than rather than giving your pet the best care.    Being a new puppy owner I had a lot of questions and trusted what the doctor was saying. He suggested giving my puppy Science Diet which I bought and it made my dog very sick. After doing some research, I checked the ingredients- all corn and fillers, horrible for my puppy. The next time we went in for shots and I told him my puppy had been having more accidents inside lately and he offered to give him a urine analysis or to put him on antibiotics without even testing him for anything. He also referred to my puppy as a boxer; I have a Boston terrier.     Expensive and impersonal care, I would not recommend that anyone who wants the best care for their pet goes here.
My wife and I a really glad that we gave this place a try.  You would not think of a vet's office in a PetSmart would give quality health care.  But you do!!  Our new dog Dexter had ear redness and we had not selected a veterinarian.  On a trip to PetSmart to get some ear cleaner we saw Banfield in the back.  We went home and looked it up on the net.  On the site was a free office visit.  We gave it a try.  It was well worth it.      The assistant Leo was very nice and helpful.  He is an animal lover and you can tell.  Dr. Zetye was nice and an animal lover too.    Banfield has a wonderful service plan that is more focused on preventative care.  We signed up because it covers all of the vaccinations, deworming and regular office visits.  It is truly a great deal.
This Banfield murdered my dog and refused to pay for the emergency vet bills that occurred while trying to save him. After a minor procedure the vet wrapped a bandage so tight that it prevented him from panting properly which rose his temperature and caused his death.
I have never been so disgusted by people that were supposed to be doing my pet and me such a good service.   When I was at the vet's office in Scottsdale one week ago, I was talked into signing up for the Wellness plan. I had to tell about three different people that I would agree to it when all of them asked in between the vet coming in. I was told that the visit for the day and the vaccination my dog needed were all going to be covered under the first payment, so I agreed to it all. One lady came in and had me sign the billing statement, but had charged me for the vaccination and visit. After I commented, again, that I was signing up for the plan, she removed the charge for the vaccination. I didn't say anything about the charge for the visit because I figured that maybe I was wrong and it was not included. After everyone coming in and out a couple more times, the vet finally came back with my dog and said that we were all set.   Between all of the people that I had talked to and having a puppy jumping around, it didn't even occur to me that they had not received my payment information... So I walked out, waving goodbye to the receptionist. I later received a phone message letting me know that they had not received my payment information and asking me to pay in the store because apparently there was something that I had to sign. Unfortunately, I didn't get the phone message until a few days later (my phone doesn't notify me of voicemail when it is off), but I went into the store on my very next day off, one week later. By then it had already been sent to their collections department - I guess that was okay because they were very friendly and removed my hold when I payed the bill.   The problem was, however, that because it was sent to collections, I was charged for the vaccination AND the visit: charges that I only agreed to because I was under the impression that I was getting a whole medical plan for my pet with the fees that I was paying. Sure, I accept responsibility that I didn't realize I had not paid. That was an error on my part and maybe a dumb moment, assuming for some reason that they had my payment information on file or whatever. But I am a very honest person and I went to pay the money that I owed as soon as I could. But still, I had to pay over twice as much as I wanted to agree to? This is ridiculous. I would have signed my dog up for the wellness plan for her life - I LOVED the idea of stopping by and PetSmart whenever it was convenient for me and it would all be taken care of on the plan.   I hope it was worth the assumption that I was stealing.
I took my yellow lab in to banfield a few months ago, he was needing to go to the bathroom often. I thought as a precaution to take him in to make sure he didnt have a bladder infection. Of course from the get go I was PUSHED heavily into joining the insurance plan. The tech then informed me that to hold him  down in the back to perform tests it would be a 20$ fee plus the cost of the test...please!! he is a goofy yellow lab. Then the tech informed me that he would need additional tests that would be 400$+ and a another 20$ to hold him down. I was told if I signed up for the insurance it would take care of some of the costs for that day...and my dog would be covered for additional test the following day. Which it didn't!! I paid another 450$ the following day. The person who signed me up for the insurance was off the next day of course!! Bottom line~ there was nothing wrong with my dog and now they are calling me to collect for insurance. Which I'm disputing ... STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!
I have been bringing both of my 2 year old boxers here from day one. I can't speak for all the veterinarians as I always go to Dr. Barnett, but I've got nothing but great things to say about him and the care he has provided to my dogs! The first thing he always does is get on the ground and play with the pups, which I love. He's attentive and listens to me when I'm describing any symptoms my dogs might have. We have found him to be super knowledgeable, honest, and personable and has yet to steer us wrong. The other staff we have encountered are all great as well, always friendly and helpful. They have also squeezed us in before when there have been some urgent situations.     We have our dogs on the wellness plan as its affordable and convenient. They always call to remind me when shots or exams are coming due, and the plan makes everything reasonably priced. Overall, I would definitely recommend Banfield, and Dr. Barnett in particular!!
Dr. White and his staff are awesome.  He has looked after all of our dogs with great care and compassion.  You are given an estimate of costs up front so there are no surprises.  He is careful to help your pet get the best possible care, without emptying your wallet.  The online scheduling of appointments is a very convenient tool, as well as the e-mail reminders of annual or upcoming wellness checks.  You and your pet will be very happy with the quality of care received here.
Literally the most expensive place you could ever take your dog(s). But, I will give them this. My dog fell two stories as a puppy and they saved his life...  LOTS OF MONEY later he is healthy and good as new! If I am correct, they called us every 6-8 hours to let us know how he was doing as well.. A huge plus!!
My dog received a large gash on his side from a fence....  I took my dog to my normal vet office for stitches to be quoted over $600!  When I asked the vet at my normal dr why it was so much and why he had to place my dog under general anesthesia and stated the fact that I've always been happy with their service and prices....  This vet said "those days are over."   Referring to prices.  I asked if we could just do a local and sedative and stitch and he would not do it!  I ended up leaving his office with my hurt dog feeling like I had no where to go.  I drove down the street and found Caring Hands and walked in to see their vet.   He was extremely helpful, understanding and compassionate.   I was quoted $322.00!  The doctor did a beautiful job, I only waited 20 minutes for my dog to be fixed and the entire staff was very friendly and helpful.  Needless to say.....   This is my new vet of choice.  I am an extremely happy customer with the service, care of my pet and cleanliness of office.  I will be back with my other dogs.   Great experience!  A BIG thank you to Caring Hands Animal Hospital!
We love this vet! Dr. S is always super nice and helpful. The entire office staff is friendly. We've taken both our dogs there since they were puppies, they always call us the next day to follow up and check up on the puppies no matter what the reason for the visit was. Love, love, love them!
I've been bringing my dog to this office for the past 4 years. I have never had a unpleasant experience yet. The doctor is really nice and understanding. He has given discounts to me many times when I was unable to afford full treatment. The staff is very friendly also and they seem genuinely interested in the animals well being.
This is a great animal hospital. I would recommend it to anyone in search of a caring and capable Vet.    My dog (a Jindo) is 13 years old and somewhat crippled. I called Seven Hills and she was seen within an hour. She had two claws that were infected and needed to be removed. She needed to be sedated for the procedure.    I was somewhat worried about the process but had complete faith in the Vet and his med techs.    I carried her in to the hospital...but she walked out on her own and is on the mend.    This is definitely a place that has a capable staff and a caring attitude. I recommend it highly to anyone who expects a very high level medical experience for their pet.
I highly recommend this place.  We brought our Pembroke Corgi in after he had caught his toenail and his foot was bleeding heavily. They took us in immediately and were so helpful.  The staff and doctor were compassionate and straight-forward; we didn't feel we were being taken advantage of in any way.  We're relieved to have found a veterinarian's office that we like and we'll definitely be bringing our dog here for his regular check-ups going forward.
Great caring office!      My Boston Terrier started limping out of nowhere and I was worried that I was going to get dragged over hot coals or at least my bank account was...  Took him in to see the doctor and was inspecting x-ray and blood work and anything else that may have been invented that I could be charged for but was very pleasantly surprised.  The doctor felt his knee and hip and told me to take him home and just have him rest and take it easy.  He suspected that my dog may have pulled a muscle and to have him rest for a few days and see if he gets better BEFORE WE RUN TESTS!  I was shocked!  I was an instant fan!    A few months later I found a dog and took him to Seven Hills to see if they could scan him to find his people.  They scanned him and called his people to come pick him up.  So nice!    I'm sad that I have moved to the other side of Henderson...  But, they are worth the drive!
Our doggies Joey and Fred have been coming to Grand Montecito since it opened 3 years ago. We board them at the kennel about 3 times a year. The staff is very kind and considerate to our two dogs who are getting up there in years especially our geriatric cranky beagle.     We are huge fans of doctor Lewis who has shown great compassion toward both our hound who is in the sunset of his life but also our family with 4 children for whom when the time comes losing their beloved dog they have grown up with will be very difficult.     I know that when the time comes our children trust that Dr. Lewis has done everything he can to help this member of our family which will make saying goodbye just a little bit easier. Our family has the peace of mind that our pets are well cared for when we have to be out of town.
I'm not real fond of animal hospitals or how they're suppose to be, but this one is incredible. I only bring our puppy in sometimes when my wife can't, and it's never a hassle. They always make everything quick and painless, very affordable, and we're always out really fast. This is what the standard should be set on!
DONT GO HERE. THEY WILL CHARGE YOU FOR ITEMS THEY DON'T TELL YOU ABOUT!!!    I took my dog here to stay for Thanksgiving in the kennel. I had to get his rabies shots and a fecal test, which I was glad to pay for since I knew they were to protect him while he was in their facility. The nurse discussed the influenza vaccine that they recommended all patients get when they stayed there. The form stated that the shot was $25, so I was fine with it since it seemed like a good price and a good idea to protect him. When I was rung up, I was told that there would be an additional booster shot due in one month. I didn't think anything of it, took him in for his booster shot, and then when I went to leave they told me it would be an additional $25. I asked for my original contract, since they didn't give me a new one that day, that stated anything about additional payments. The owed said, "well no where on the form does it state that there is a booster shot needed or that it would cost $25. But all of my staff know that they are supposed to say this to customers." Apparently it was my fault that the staff didn't tell me that there would be an additional shot and that it was going to cost me more money. I will never go back here again. My friends have recommended Centennial Hills. They WILL tell you AHEAD of time what they are going to charge you.
Can't begin to say how much I love the staff especially Dr. Aaron Bivens!! My puppy had changed vets and recently went for her last shots at flamingo pet clinic, a few hours later she went into shock and got very sick. My poor baby was rushed to the GMAH emergency and Dr. Bivens met us there in 10 minutes saved her like the big hero he is! She didn't want to leave the next day and the price was definitely reasonable for her life.
We've brought our dog here for his shots, appts, etc. since he was a puppy. We had an emergency trip out of town so decided to board our dog here. They gave us a tour of the kennels, explained everything as far as walks, how and when they will be fed, sleepy time, etc. I couldnt have been more pleased leaving my dog there. Each time I called to check on him they werent hesitant to give me updates. I would definetly recommend Grand Montecito to anyone. A special thanks to all of the Veternarians, Assistants, Front desk staff and Kennel techs. Thank you for providing a pleasant stay for our dog!
I have taken my dogs to Grand Montecito for years. While all the vets are nice Dr. Blue is by far the best vet in the practice. The hospital is well managed and the receptionist are super friendly. If you get a chance to request a vet, Dr Blue never makes you feel guilty if you opt out of blood work or a test. He is practical and I appreciate that!
Seemed to only be concerned about the money. The front desk staff was surly and snotty and really couldn't be bothered to even be polite. They hide and then over charge. When the staff checked me in and when checked out they spoke to me very little just to each other, whining about having to work Saturday.  No call about the test like promised and their "low cost spay and neuter" is almost 3x what other vets charge. And another  problem? Left me in waiting room that was not well organized for multiple animals but when finally got in the room? Vet had the worst hand shake of anyone I've met in years. It was like shaking a squishy dead fish. I won't ever be going back there. I'll just drive across town to see the vet I actually trust. Would NOT recommend! They also tried to hide how much the first set of puppy shots costs! Every other vet I called said between 20-35 for the first set. Them? $60! They are only about the money.
The staff are very friendly, and everyone there treats my dog as if he's one of their own. He tends to get aggressive for shots and exams, but on our last visit, he didn't even cry out once! Kudos to the team at Grand Montecito Animal Hospital!
Outstanding and friendly staff; very customer oriented and always focused on our animals.  Our dog loves coming here and she is always well cared for.    Reviewers who find problems with this hospital must be bringing their own issues here; we've been coming here for 7 years and they are not only a great facility but well situated and a benefit to the community
I've brought my dogs to this vet never believing they would be better than my last vet...well they are!  the place is always so clean, the prices are reasonable and the staff are always friendly and helpful.  Honestly, my biggest concern is always the cost of the procedures being done and every time they've quoted me a price it's always been reasonable and affordable.
Benny taking my two labs here since we have had them. They are always great and efficient. Dr. Olsen is very professional and attentive. Chainey is also great as she gives special attention to our dogs when we are there. If your looking for a great vet in Ahwatukee this is it!
Everyone is very friendly but I felt pressured to buy things I didn't want or need.  Also my 5mo old puppy needed to have a molar extracted and I found place that would do it for $300 less than they quoted me.
My parents had taken our family pets here when I was younger(and they take their current pets here as well) and now me and my wife take our dog here and we love it. We have never felt pressured to buy anything that wasn't necessary and they are always attentive and caring. The prices are comparable or better than other places that us or friends of ours have used before.
We were referred here by a friend when we brought home our puppy in January 2013 and they have been very helpful and never forced us to buy any additional products for her. Our puppy loves the vet and the techs who work here. It helps that one of the techs also has our breed of dog.  They all take such great care of my dog, me and my husband. Will definitely recommend to my friends.
Ok let me start this review out by telling you like it is:  This is a great place to come.  They even figured out how to make the building correctly, because the 'IN' door and the 'OUT' door are separated so your dog that's crazy from being at the vet and having a thermometer poked into its butt doesn't have to interact wtih dogs that just got there and don't know about the thermometer thing yet.    Also, I only talked to one vet, but these guys know their stuff, and they don't try to sell you a bunch of extra junk or smooth talk you into leaving with a bunch of doge food and putting flea medicine on yourself or anything - it's all on the level.    The vet we visited knew how to handle dogs and how do I know?  Because my dog is a great dane and she weighs 120 pounds and if you mess with her she'll eat your face!  And the vet was playing with her on the floor within 5 minutes and nobody's face was being eaten!  He's like a pro!  And he looked at her and checked her teeth and even her blood and everything went smooth.    Basically stop wasting your time if you go to another vet - why don't you do some research first and figure out where the best place is because it's here!
I have nothing but wonderful things to say about this place! Between my two dogs I have been coming here for over ten years and have been treated WONDERFULLY every time. Last week my dog had a seizure, they got me right in and gave me the peace of mind I needed to sleep that night! EVERY doctor is amazing (I think I have seen them all!) and the front staff as well as assistants are AMAZING!!!  Probably one of the friendliest staff of any business establishment I visit!! They followed up with a phone call the next day and always use your pets name!! PLUS! I see many discount ads for new visit discounts but there is no way I would ever take my "Tank" anywhere else! ...plus...the receptionist even told me there were coupons online when I made the appointment!! wow!!! First class service when your pet is an important part of your family.....I almost wish they gave human check ups too!! LOL! :)
We've been using Family Vetcare for over a year now and are very happy. We've seen both Dr. McGivern and Dr. Mott-- both of them are wonderful. Family Vetcare is a good, honest veterinary practice that genuinely cares about the health and well-being of your pets. You can rest assured that you're getting your pets top-notch care without breaking the bank. Their prices are very competitive, even on things like the weight loss formula food that I buy for one of my dogs-- I price shopped it online, and their prices are the same as the best price I could find. They also never pressure you or try to up-sell you.
Dr Berthiume (Dr. "B")  has been my vet for many years .  He  and  Dr. Marzke  left Adobe Animal Clinic  in Scottsdale and  recently opened a small private practice in Tempe. i.e.Topaz VC..  He is the most knowlegeable, caring and compassionate vet I have ever met.  He treated my standard poodle, Jacque, correctly diagnosing him with Addison's Disease and gave me  tx options  and expert advice.  Because of his care Jacque had 5 additional years of quality of life before he succumbed to AD 2 years ago..  Two weeks ago, I had to put my little Shih Tzu, Remington,  to sleep due to intractable pain  resulting from by a large hematoma.  Dr. B gently explained  the process and was there with me when Remi took his last breath.  He  was very empathetic and comforting  and I felt as if it was his own dog he had put to sleep. The entire staff is caring and professional at Topaz  and the new clinic has a warm and inviting atmosphere.      Although I live in central Phx,  I would follow Dr. B to the moon if I had to to have him take care of my beloved pets.
This place is BRILLIANT!    The ladies behind the desk are wonderful, and always remember our dog.    And Dr Berthiaume is so great.   We are bringing our dog back to Ireland with us, and he has been wonderful helping us out with all the paper work and different things she needs to come back with us.   It made the whole process a lot less stressful actually.     I would recommend this place a thousand times.     It's fantastic
Dr. B. and Dr. M. are fantastic. Yes you see me writing this at 5 am in the morning. Now upon reading my profile you might think that's normal. But I assure you a YELP review does not take place at 5 for me. Next to nothing takes place at 5 for me. Until today. When at 3:45 my dog started getting sick. Now keep in mind lab and retriever mixes are a special breed. They think lots of interesting things are food. Like banana peel, meat packaging or door knobs. Whatever. Thus they have stomach problems. Merely the nature of the beast. Pun intended.     Dr. B. and Dr. M. have trained me on what's dangerous and what's not. This morning, there was a possible danger sign. So thankfully I dial up their cell number (yeah that's right they have a 24 hour cell number for emergencies) and speak frantically to Dr. M. She goes over with me what else to look for. How serious it is. She knows I'm a full time grad student. And some day I'm going to have a job where I can feed them filet Mignon every night. Hell make that every night and every morning. But currently those are not my financial means. So a trip to emergency vet really will break me for literally the next 6 months. However, I will spend whatever I have to make Macy and Jackson better. But Dr. M. is able to advise what could be wrong, how this situation has one red flag and yes he needs to been seen today but that it can most likely wait 3 hours until they open. Then gives me a list of warning signs to look for and if I see any to get to one of the following emergency vets pronto.     So while I write this my kiddo is laying at my feet. So far none of the warning signs. Good news. We're down to two hours before we can go see them and they make Jackson feel better.
Last year our friend recommended us to Topaz and we've been taking both of our dogs here ever since. Not only do they take great care of our dogs, Dr. B and his staff remembers all of our names and is so friendly and welcoming.   They are very honest and never try and tack on things our dogs don't need. I've even had a few paranoid dog mom moments where I called them and they explained what to do from home so I wouldn't need to bring them in.   Thankful to have an honest, caring vet to take my babies to!
We recently moved and needed to find a new vet for my little shitzu Shugz.  Finding a place that he likes and feels comfortable at is VERY important to me.  Due to the good Yelp reviews, I decided this would be my first "try" at finding a good match for a Vet in our area.  I was able to get in quickly, and on a Saturday.  The receptionist was extremely kind and helpful.  We did not wait at all, and the original nurse that helped us clearly cared very much for my dog-- you could just tell she was an absolute animal lover.      The doctor came in right after the nurse, Dr. Berthiaume.  He was FANTASTIC.  Friendly, helpful, and went over what he would recommend, and what we could hold off on, and a long term plan for my dog.  The entire staff told me costs up front, so there were no surprises, and absolutely NO pressure to have unnecessary work done, as we've experienced at other clinics.    Our check out was prompt, the price was exactly as I had expected, and I got a discount (without asking) for being a first time customer.  Later that week, I got a call notifying me that my dog's heartworm test was negative.    I am extremely impressed at the cleanliness, friendliness of the staff, knowledge of the Dr. and just overall WOW factor of this Veterinary Clinic and I'm so thankful we struck gold on our first choice.    The other thing is, they had a card displayed from the place that we had just taken our dog to get groomed that he LOVED - I guess good places come in pairs.    Yelp reviewers are dead on here - this clinic is superior and I look forward to a long relationship with Topaz keeping my boy Shugz happy and healthy!
Dr. Kristine Collins and her staff are wonderful. It's obvious that Dr. Collins loves what she does by the level of care she gives to the animals she cares for. She is very thorough and goes above and beyond what most vets do. I've had two dogs that had unusual issues that she has done extensive research on in order to diagnose their issues. I left a very good vet practice to follow her and I'd do it again.
My dog Luna loves Dr. Kristine. She is amazingly comforting to animals.  This vet clinic is friendly, comfortable, and trustworthy. I really appreciate the email follow up with a summary of the appointment and recommendations.  If you are looking for a good vet to take care of your family pets you can't go wrong with Sauk Point and Dr. Kristine.
I have been taking my puppy to this vet for 6 months, and I have to say that I have never been more pleased with a vet or their office.  I'm rarely this pleased with any business.  Everyone is friendly, enthusiastic, and accommodating.
I live over 30 mins away and STILL drive here on a regular basis to have my animals seen by the best staff in town!!! Everyone there genuinely loves animals and treats my two dogs amazing! The office itself is very clean and organized. I am always greeted promptly and someone is always there to help and get me started quickly. I have never had to wait more than a couple of minutes before I was put in a room and seen. I have boarded my pets there numerous times and my dogs come back healthy, and happy!  On a trip for an allergy in one of my dogs they were the best once again. I love the fact that if you have your pet seen again for an on going problem you don't pay the exam fee every time!!! My little dog had her teeth cleaned there as well and it was super inexpensive and they did SUCH a great job. The reason they get 5 stars is because when one of my dogs got lost they called me ASAP to inform me that they had gotten a call from the microchipping company and my dog was returned within a couple of hours!!!!  I can't rave about them enough and will continue to give them our business!!!! It's SOOOO worth the drive for a clean, honest, and genuine animal hospital!!
We take all four of our dogs here,  Dr. Matt is the one for us although they all are nice.  He is exceptional and really a pleasure to have work with on our treasured dogs.  We have German Shepherds, a Shitzu and a tiny Yorkie. They all love Dr. Matt and he is very at ease with the whole menagerie ... Just can not say enough good about this clinic and Dr. Matt!!!!
This hopsital is immaculate, they all LOVE animals and care for them in the best possible way.  I had a dog that was in a dog fight,  I called in a panic and came in on Emergency and the vet himself came out and helped me get her in the hospital and took such good care of her, I just can't believe what a caring and compassionate person and amazing doctor he (Dr. Brooks) is.  When the bill came, I was ready to mortgage the house or give up my first born, but the bill was a shock, it was so affordable, I just can't believe he did everything he did for such a nominal fee.  It really let me know that he cares about the pets and its NOT all about money.  I would never want to go anywhere else with my pets.  If you want the very best for your pet, this is your vet.
Started going in 2009 with my dog, Phoebe. All the staff and vets are soooo friendly and I have never had a problem getting Phoebe in for whether it be an urgent matter, or just a well check-up. Very pleased :-)
What a friendly place.  I am one of those crazy people who spends more time researching their dog's vet than my own doctor.  Last vet I had I loved to death and he was incredibly helpful.  So the standards were high.    I took my dog there when he got an ear infection (again) and told them I didn't have a lot of money at the moment and they were considerate of that and made sure I knew how much everything was before they did everything.  I saw Dr. Morales both times and she was very helpful and nice.  I highly recommend Town Center and I will definitely be going back.
I got an 8 week old puppy and Town Center was recomended. They have a "puppy package" that you can .get for a set price that covers all shots and exams.. I shopped around for the best price on getting my dog(Roxy) spade. They had the best price i could find. So i was happy because it's such a nice, clean, and new place. They can even do it laproscopically for an extra 100 bucks(tiny incision and only 1 day recovery time). A year later my dog ate a tennis ball, so i called around and again they had the best price to surgically remove it! Thanks doctor Burghardt!  The 24 hour emergency service is a lifesaver too. All four of the doctors there are very professional, kind and patient, BUT, my favorite is DR Jill Cordeiro..now I ask for her every time..She is Awsome! wish i would have yelped this place sooner to share what a great place this is with all the high tech equipment, smart young doctors, and prices that cant be beat...KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK TOWN CENTER! ! !  would definatelly recommend:)
I took my dogs to the Town center Animal Hospital today for the 1st time.I was impressed with the friendly service on the phone .The office was really easy to find with the very good directions I was given.When we got there I was greeted quickly by more of their helpful friendly staff.They were all great with my dogs,and one of them can be quite a hand full .The doctor ,Dr. Cordeiro,was very patient , knowledgeable ,and good with my dogs.She gave mes a couple different treatment options and prices for each .The prices were exactly what they quoted without extra charges thrown in which always seemed to happen at the other place we used to take them.With the great people and great prices ,I can't imagine going any place else.
I actually picked this place by default because it was the closest animal hospital to our house, and boy did we luck out!  They have taken excellent care of our dog for well checks and for overnight boarding.      We love Dr. Cordeiro, she is very thorough and sweet with Kona.  It is always easy to schedule appointments and the staff is very friendly.      We were surprised at how affordable the care/shots are too!  They often have coupons for new clients (right now they have one for a free exam for new clients on their website: www.towncentervet.com)
This was my first visit to Town Center Animal Hospital and I was referred by a friend. The staff there are wonderful and Dr. Morales is a very caring vet.  My dog gets very stressed in environments like this, but everyone took good care of her.  They even gave me great suggestions as to how to de-stress her for future visits.  This is exactly what I was looking for.  The last place we took her too were not helpful at all.  I highly recommend them!
I was checking around for a new vet on Yelp and found Town Center. We have been seeing Dr.Morales.  How nice and helpful they have been. She even calls to check on Hannah, our new 7 months old puppy.  Very happy with the care and the prices.  Would highly recommend. Bonnie S.
I've been here twice now for my dog that I've owned for a few months. The staff is sooo nice. You don't really need an appointment. Both times I was there I got right in, they did the checkup and whatever I was there for and I was in and out very quickly.    Although they are not far from my house at all, I think it actually took me longer to drive round trip then it did for the actual visit lol.      Although I like their work, and definitely their prices... What I don't like is that I am taken to a pvt room and yet each time they THEN take my dog to somewhere else in the back and do the checkup and or cut his nails etc.  I want it to be done in front of me. I don't like that I'm not there to see it.  I haven't asked if I can go with him but I think next time I will.      All in all, they do a great job, fast, clean and my dog always comes out just as happy as when we went in.  They also do a great job answering any questions I might have.     Oh and just fyi and this last part might sound stupid, but it can be difficult to do the paperwork/pay just before leaving when I'm trying to hold onto the leash and their counter is so high up.      I HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone.
We searched near and far for an animal hospital that didn't ask for my first born to pay off my vet bill. Very nice staff, they don't charge for everything little freaking thing and boarding is reasonably priced and they even give them a bath before they return home but-- there IS a but-- my pup has stayed over twice, close to a week each time and each time, she goes home with a SCRATCH on her nose (photo uploaded). The first time the caretaker said that it was because she kept sticking her nose out of the cage. This time around the Vet  said that it's bc of the BLANKET that she was using. WTF?! This dog always uses blankets and NOT once has she had scratched on her nose! Speaking of the Vet, this brings me to my next point...    Chassie, our pup, came home coughing and having the dry heaves as soon as we got home from picking her up. I immediately called the TCAH and they said that I had to pay for an exam. WHAT?! She didn't go in like that, the least they could do it do a damn exam for her coming out like that! After bitching at the person on the line and putting me on hold for awhile, they came back on the line and said that I could come in for an exam, NO charge.    I come in and tell what's going on, they take her temp, redo her nails (because the nail trim that they did was pretty weak) and have a prescription ready for her. I just didn't like the answers I was getting  Me:  "Will this always happen to her nose each time that she stays here?"  Vet: "Yes."  Me: "What causes it?"  Vet: "The blanket that she uses."  Me: "She uses blankets all the time, this has never happened before and the caretaker previously said it was due to sticking her nose out through the cage"  Vet: "That would never happen"    Everything is about this place could turn out 5 star worthy but I'm turned off by their board and care.    Scratched nose because of a BLANKET???? Pssssshhhhhh...
We just took in our Yorkie puppy Max there yesterday... and we LOVED the visit, especially the vet, Jill Cordiero. Before I was taking Khloe, my other Yorkie pup, to West Charleston Animal Hospital, I liked the place but the vets seemed that they rushed through everything and were just there to give shots, not taking all vital signs like Dr.Cordiero did. I absolutely loved how she checked everything on Max, from mouth, ears, belly, hernias, to even his knees because Yorkies tend to have problems with them later on. I just loved the thorough exam, unlike at WCAH where they only check heartbeat. Dr.Cordiero will defiantly be Max and Khloe's new vet!!!!
I doubt Yelp would permit me to write a review long enough to encapsulate how much I LOVE Town Center Animal Hospital. I have two rescue dogs that for the past four years, have seen the vet at least every three to six months. (ranging from allergies, hip displaysia, arthritis, cancer and even a life-threatening attack from an unleashed dog). Through it all - they have been amazing. Very thorough and genuinely care about my animal. Just last week, we were forced with the decision to put one of our pets to sleep. The vet (Dr. Brooks) was amazing - realistic, compassionate and extremely sympathetic. While vet visits aren't the most affordable things in the world, I consider the bills at Town Center a small investment for the care my animals receive. My pets see either Dr. Brooks or Dr. Burqhart; although I've heard all of the doctors there are amazing.
We spent a lot of time at Town Center when our dog was receiving intensive treatment for what we thought was arthritis. When we learned it was bone cancer, the staff and vets were very knowledgeable and provided a lot of options for us to consider. When it was time to put her down, the staff was incredible and so caring- which made a terribly hard process so much better.  We even received a hand written note from the vet!
We had a very unfortunate experience with the boarding service at Town Center Animal Hospital. We left our dog in their care for just over 24 hours. We were told she would be walked twice a day and fed according to her normal schedule. We picked her up with only half her food emptied from the bag (they obviously skipped her meal time as we gave them just enough for the length of her stay). Since we returned home she has wet her sleeping kennel once, wet in the house twice (that is very much out of the ordinary as she is fully house trained). We believe she was not walked and left to go potty solely in her kennel as her paws were very soiled as well. Her demeanor was shaken for a few days following her return home. We found it very strange for such a short stay there. We have had her in boarding numerous times in the past and have never experienced this. In short it was the worst boarding care we have experienced. I do not recommend them and quite honestly expected more out of a animal hospital.
After a recommendation from our neighbors we took our GSD Zorra to Town Center Animal Hospital.  The facilities are top notch and the staff is very friendly.  Our dogs doctor is Dr Sanabria and he is outstanding.  He always takes the time to answer all of our questions and you can tell he cares about the animals he takes care of.  They also have 24 Emergency Service as well.  If you are looking for the best Animal Hospital in Summerlin TCAH is it!
I bought my pup to get neutered here yesterday. The reviews here are true. Amazing service. Dr. Codiero was my vet and she was a very sweet lady. She answered all my questions. My pup is like my baby to me and it was hard seeing him shake in nervousness but I know he was in good hands even though I thought I was gonna cry leaving him there for a few hours. Lol. I really like the fact that they didn't mind me calling to check up on him later during the day of his surgery and I really like the fact that they called me the next day to make sure my pup was eating okay and was doing good. Highly recommend and one last thing, lol prices here are really unbelievable. 65$ for dogs under 25 pounds. Amazing!! Very satisfied.
Love this vet for my little girl!  Dr. Cordero is awesome, she is very knowledgeable and helped diagnose our dog's food allergy after a couple expensive trips with another doctor.  I also love their boarding and grooming...it's so handy to have one place for all of these things.  Their grooming is decently priced and my little one comes out looking great.  I've tried a handful of places and this place by far is the best.  The lady that does the grooming is licensed in the state of Arizona as there is no license needed in Nevada, so you can see why she does a good job.  The boarding is a great price for both day or overnight.  I am so apprehensive about taking my little one anywhere as she is so small and is scared but I trust the staff here, they seem to really love her.  I am so disappointed that we moved and wish I could take this vet with us as it is so hard to find someone you trust to care for your little one.
Wouldn't take our dogs anywhere else. We have two mischievous dogs who get into things more than they should thus frequenting the vet more than most. Dr Brooks is very knowledgeable, helpful and you can tell how much he loves the pets. We've had a few after hours issues, it's so nice to have a doctor you can trust anytime of day or night. They never try to take advantage of you or sell you anything unneeded and have been able to "squeeze" us in when needed. I've never been happier with a vet!
Good prices, no waits, easy appointments, open 7 days a week. I wish I could get care like this! Griffin is well cared for so I'm happy.       I scheduled an appointment to have him fixed, hernia repaired and micro-chipped. My plans changed the night before as I got called into work. I showed up at the vet an hour and a half prior to my appt. They took me in, the whole vet team including Dr. Brooks rushed to accommodate me. I was out the door in time to get to work. Griffin was treated perfectly, they called me when the surgery was complete telling me his status and when to get him. Even after a few procedures I felt the price was very low. They answered my numerous phone calls (I'm one of "those" dog moms) with absolute patience. I worry less knowing knowing he's in good hands- that's saying a lot because I don't trust my furry child with anyone!     Thanks TCAH    Especially Summer and Doc Brooks :)
Yelp 100 Challenge 2013- 22/100    After reviewing Yelp, I decided to give this place a try. I couldn't be happier with my decision. Their prices are spot on and it's easy to schedule an appointment.  Heck, I wish my doc was open 7days a week like they are!    Moose (my frenchie) came here for all his puppy visits-- from shots, to getting 'fixed', to dental cleaning, and even an unexpected visit to figure out why he suddenly had a weird dry cough. I never once had a bad experience or felt overcharged (or pressured into any unnecessary treatments - which I have experienced with other vets).     Every appointment we've been to has been a pleasant experience. I have had appointments with both Dr. Brooks and Dr. Cordeiro. They both were extremely knowledagble. Each doc took their time to provide thorough explanations of what they were doing (step-by-step) throughout the entire visit. They both took great care of my handsome little guy. They're wonderful and compassionate and truly love what they do. I wouldn't take my pup anywhere else.
I recently moved to the Summerlin area (with  my 6-year-old rescued pup). I had been referred to doctor at another animal hospital, but when I went to make the appt, he was no longer there - and the center was further away than Town Center.     I've taken my dog to Town Center three times now - once for a general check up before trying doggy day care, once for what I thought was kennel cough (from doggy day care!) which end up being a respitory infection, and then this morning for what ended up NOT being a tick but over-reaction from this pet parent.    Each time, the doctors (Dr. Codeiro twice, and Dr. Morales this morning) have been extremely kind, supportive, and patient - and they're good with my dog, too! For the last two visits, the staff has been able to get me on very short notice, and they are pleasant to work with. (Oh! And they followed up in my dog's respitory infection to make sure he was feeling better!)    The prices are reasonable (and they didn't charge this morning for what ended up being a non-issue, though they probably got a good laugh at my expense - and that's ok b/c it was such a ridiculous overreaction on my part.)     Overall, I'm glad I chose this animal hospital over any other, and my dog and I are quite happy with the service, care, and friendliness of the staff.
This place is ultra CLEAN which makes me happy because there is nothing worse than a dirty dog facility that smells and has hair everywhere.   I am so happy I found this vet for my 3 dogs. Everyone there is very kind hearted and the doctors are very knowledgeable.   You can easily get an appointment, the cost is the only thing that is a little high but when your paying for what you get it makes it worth it. I recommend them to everyone I know and will continue to go to them.
Very happy with the care and attention they've given our dog, Toby. We couldn't be more pleased with their professionalism and kindness. Prices are fair and staff is great! Two thumbs up.
I have gone to Town Center Animal hospital a few times with various problems with my 2 dogs. All of the vets there are friendly and fast to treat the problems. But the best find was Nicole the groomer. She does a fantastic job and is gentle with my babies. I now have been using her for 6 years. She has got to be one of the best groomers in Las Vegas.
New to town, I found Town Center Animal Hospital on Yelp.  They had high ratings so I called.  I had a very sick Lab and they told me to get her there ASAP.  Although we were new patients, they treated me with kindness and respect.  Dr Pulliam was knowledgeable, kind and offered choices my dogs treatment.  In the end, we had to make to devastating decision to put her down, Dr Pulliam was so compassionate!    The facility was clean and the staff was kind and compassionate!  I will definitely be a long term client and recommend them.
Love this vet! Dr. Sanabria was very kind to us when we had to make the tough decision to put our dog to sleep. The whole staff was very caring.
Met with Dr. Stewart  this morning. She was very gentle with my baby, who had recently been attacked by a much larger dog. Dr. Stewart understood my baby's  reactions to her and was very considerate of it. She offered suggestions on how to acclimate her to vet visits so they aren't near as traumatic,     As her only other visit was for emergency surgery.   I was in and out in 30 minutes.
Took my doggie here after he was attacked by a pit bull! dr Pulliam took great care of him.. He ended up having surgery and staying there for 5 days.. She explained to me what needed to be done.. What tests and exams were needed and what we could pass on so we could save some money but at the same time get the best care possible.. Very Compassionate!
I like the doctors that I've seen thus far.  The staff up front is hit and miss.  Either they are great and friendly and helpful or rude, dismissive, and annoyed that you are there trying to pay a leave.  Don't really like dealing with them to much but its worth it for the care my dogs get.
Please do not board your dog here. I just picked my dog up and she has a giant bleeding wound on her nose! See attached photo.      I dropped her off two days ago. When I did I was hesitant because of other reviews on how the doctors hit the dogs and they are boarded in bathrooms and storage rooms (read other Yelp reviews and google ones). I asked if I could see where they stay and was told I couldn't. I then asked about the other reviews I read and was dismissed and kinda laughed at. Fast forward to two days later. I pick up my pup and get her home and into the bathtub (because she smells awful after leaving there) and notice her nose is all bloody and raw.  I immediately call the animal hospital and tell the receptionist what happened. She tells me to hold on and she'll ask. She comes back on the phone and says my dog was upset that I was gone and started scratching her nose. Well that's impossible because she has an e collar on because her ear just had to be amputated and she can't even get to her nose with that on. I inform her of this and she gets upset and says oh ummm well here talk to the doctor. The doctor explained that the place where they are boarded had a wire door and dogs can stick their nose underneath and scratch it. Several things about this concern me. First off, why would they have a door that could injure your dog. Then why would the front office girl give me a different story?  Lastly...she has an e collar on and can't even get her nose close enough to anything without the e collar stopping her. It would have been impossible for her nose to get stuck under a door! What are they doing to these dogs that cause their noses to become bloody and raw??!! How are they treating them??!!  The parting words from the doctor were "well it's not an ideal situation".  That is an understatement...my dog has a bloody, raw nose...sounds more like abuse to me.
I had a bad experience with this place at first but I gave them another try because I believe that everyone deserves a second chance, and I am soooo glad I did! I have now been taking my dog here for over a year and Dr Brooks has saved his life, twice. The staff is so nice and Dr Brooks is one of the most caring veterinarians ever. Plus their hours rock.
Dr. Brooks saved my dog's life. I'm very grateful for the professional service and care we received. I highly recomend this animal hospital.
We absolutely love Dr Jarvis and North Kenilworth!  And most importantly, our sweet puppy loves her too!  They've been so great to us, and as new pet owners (as adults) we are so thankful.    We has a crazy scare the first week with a too rough playtime with a littermate and a slice in our pup's ear.  Dr Jarvis had us come in and looked at it and glued it back together and didn't charge us for the visit!  And then she followed up a few days later to see how he was doing!    We went in for our third set of vaccination for the pup and he didn't even notice anything was going on.  He gave kisses to everyone and has a couple overexcited uncontrollable bladder releases.    We are so happy to have North Kenilworth in our neighborhood and only a short drive away!
I visited North Kenilworth Veterinary Care at 7am on a Monday morning after my dog ate a bunch of chocolate. They saw me immediately, there was no wait time at all! They explained the entire procedure and we were out of the office by 7:45am.     To top it off they called a few days later to make sure that my dog was feeling alright and that he was healthy.
I recently signed up for United Pet Care and was looking for a vet for my dogs.  So after checking out reviews here and elsewhere, I called and made an appointment to have my Chihuahua seen.  Dr. Jarvis and all of the staff were awesome.  They showed genuine concern and compassion towards my Chihuahua.  It's been a while since she had seen a vet and she had a limp that I wanted to get looked at.  I felt put at ease by the staff.  Dr. Jarvis did a great job of explaining what was going on with my dog's leg.  I had an x-ray taken of my dog's leg after Dr. Jarvis mentioned it but she didn't push getting the x-ray.  So I'm glad I chose this vet and am looking forward to bringing my other dog in for her checkup.  Thanks to everyone at North Kenilworth Veterinary Care for being so nice to me and my Chihuahua, Pinky.
I took our 16 week old puppy in to be neutered and get shots. The price quoted was the actual price and very reasonable. The staff was genuinely friendly and professional. There were no hidden or extra costs. My puppy came home happy and his usual playful self.   I highly recommend PAWS and Dr. Diskin!
I consider my dog a very important family member and want only the best care I can get for her.  This is a clinic that does preventative care such as spay, neuter, shots, teeth cleaning and such.  The vet here has so many surgeries he has successfully performed.  I took my Shih Tzu to PAWS for her third set of vaccinations because they did not charge for an office visit.  I thought I would see a tech, but I saw the vet, who administered the shots in addition to giving my pup an overall look at her teeth, coat, etc.   I was treated better here than at the full-service vet office I did the first round of shots that cost me three times as much for the same vaccines.  I decided I would take my sweet little puppy here to get spayed.  Dr. Diskin did a top-notch job.  I am so happy that I came to PAWS.   The staff is also amazing!  This place is no doubt 5 stars all around.  The pricing is beyond reasonable, the office is clean and very nice, and the care is superb!  This is my first review, and I only did it because I was really, really pleased with PAWS.
This place is TERRIFIC!! Debbie the front desk lady is the best! Everyone is super friendly & helpful. Prices are the lowest around & the place is always clean. We've never had to wait. I recommend this place to everyone!! They take great care of our puppy. Thanks!!
I brought my two Rottweilers there because I had a SNAP voucher from Maricopa county.  The receptionist was wonderful and even had a photo of her own Rottweiler on her desk. Then we met the vet,  he rushed me along even though I was 20 minutes early.  He pulled my females choke chain toward the scale.  She didn't like his treatment and didn't cooperate.  He then turned to me and thru gritted teeth told me to get her on the scale.  He weighed her once I coaxed her on, then began to drag her across the exam room in the same manner. Now the make , her father got involved and I had to pull him away as they turned on this jerk,  He threw up his hands and said he refused service because they are anti social.  Maybe if he acted like a vet should they would have responded happily.  I wouldn't recommend this clinic to cut my dogs claws.  The vet is a jerk and should not be working with animals!
Thank you for taking such good care of our extremely neurotic weiner dogs.  Yes, the girls were traumatized by the whole event (a bird flying in the yard traumatizes them) but you were so kind, gentle and loving with these animals.  The fact that you have such great pricing makes it affordable for everyone to take care of their animals.  Thank you for opening on the west side.
We are so happy we were referred to Dr. Katz by Amazing Aussies Lethal White Rescue of AZ for the past year.  Now all 6 of our dogs see Dr. Katz for all their doggy needs!  The staff is always so friendly and great with the animals.  Dr. Katz is a wonderful knowledgeable Vet and we have the confidence of the world in her!  Thank you for the fantastic care you give all of our animals!
It always amazes me when other customers have such a drastically different experience than I do.    Office is immaculately clean and I did not find it smelled at all....I mean other than smelling like a doctor's office - which I find at all doctor's offices, even human ones.    This is a high volume office so there were a lot of other animals there in the waiting room but I found the doctor took sufficient time with two dogs I brought in. Weight taken, temp taken, check out the eyes/ears, general questions about what concerns I may have, what we're being seen for, some petting and telling me how cute they are (and they are, if I do say so myself).    The office is very open about the fact that they provide basic care so that they can treat a high volume of pets at a lower cost.  But they were caring and knowledgeable and, quite frankly, not much different in manner to the vet I've been seeing for 15 years.      And they make good on their promise of keeping costs down. Look, our dogs instinctively know where they are immediately upon entering a vet clinic and can't wait to get the heck out of there no matter how many pats on the head they may be getting from staff.  I had two dogs that needed dental cleanings, one tooth extraction and one mole removal.  I have the quote from my regular vet and the invoice from Dr. Katz and I saved, literally, $1700 by going to Dr. Katz.   I'll gladly forgo my dogs getting a homemade dog biscuit on a silver platter if I'm saving that kind of money.    I will continue to see my regular vet should my dogs come down with a serious illness but, I am converting to Dr. Katz for routine care.
We are so pleased with Dr. Katz, her sister & the staff. Our little girl, yorkie was spayed there & I was a nervous wreck!!! Not only were they great with out dog, they were great with me. They called me twice to let me know how she was doing. I've already recommended them to so many people!
Katz & Dogs is AWESOME! I brought my senior pooch in to get his teeth cleaned, and they did an amazing job with as much care as I would have given him myself~    Dr. Katz and all of the staff are clearly animal lovers and they treated my dog with such compassion and patience that I actually felt comfortable leaving my dog in their care.  A full dental cleaning is a serious undertaking, especially for a geriatric pooch - Tom was gentle with his exam and Dr. Katz clearly answered all of my questions before admitting Potato.    This place is truly amazing and the staff is friendly, helpful and skilled = AWESOME!
The prices here are EXTREMELY reasonable.  For 2 vaccines, the exam, and antibiotics my total came to $45.00.  Far less than anywhere else I looked. And I was seen at my appointment time.  The Dr and technicians were all friendly, and genuinely interested in my dog. One of the technicians even came into the exam room just to say hi to my dog. I'm very pleased to have found such a great vet so close to home.
I have three dogs and I only take my dogs here.  This is not to say that there are not other good places to take your pets to, but none that are this great.  Everytime I go there they treat me and my pets like we are their focus of attention.  Their prices are reasonable, and you leave knowing that your pet is always in the best of hands.
Took our puppy in for her updated shots and she was so thrilled to go in there. I have never seen a dog so excited to walk into a vet office. But the truth is Home Fur Good isn't a vet office. It's like a family that wants to take of your pets. Kaia was so excited to see all of them that she was spinning and circles and peed on over one of the women there. But she just laughed and said it was okay and continue to  love on her. I was so happy that Kaia was so comfortable there that I would pay an arm and leg for a visit that didn't traumatize her, but I walked out paying $28. This place is wonderful and I would recommend it to any one with a pet. They are a shelter too so by going to them you are helping out tons of others animals that need a great home. Its a win win.
Got my dog's shots and micropchip for a great price at their low-cost Sunday clinic.  Terrific experience!  Lady at the desk was really friendly, staff was great with my pup, and it took no time at all!  Price was great.  They sell donated items for great prices, such as treats.  I bought a huge bag of treats for $2.00 and all the money goes to the rescue!  Great idea!  Wonderful experience!
I decided to have my 16 year old Heeler cross put down at home.  I cannot imagine euthanizing a dog any other way.  Dr. and Mrs. Fixler could not have been more caring, understanding and professional.  Their service really helped us through a tough time.  When the time comes, do yourself and your pet a favor and call Dr. Fixler.
Just as others have said here, I am so grateful for Dr. Fixler and Alicia. I called them to come to my home to put down my 13 year old border collie. He has a lovely demeanor - as does Alicia - and right away, Lucas was up and dropped a toy at his feet. Dr. Fixler did an exam and we discussed Lucas' symptoms and care and he told me right away that he didn't think Lucas was presenting like a dog at the end of his life. He had some ideas and the followed up with me the next day - called in prescriptions and referred me to a vet that has managed to stabilize Lucas. With luck, he'll be with me for a few more years.     I know that Dr. Fixler has followed up with Dr. Newland- his referral - regarding Lucas' care. I love that there is great animal care out there and that there are vets that really care. Dr. Fixler is exceptional. And when the time comes, he will be called to my home again. I can't imagine a kinder, more lovely way for any of my animals to be treated - to be given an easier way onward, in surroundings they know and love.
After 13 yrs. of having my best friend at my side, it was time for me to let my precious dog go to Heaven.    The services of  Dr. Fixler  are second to none.  The process of having my dog put to sleep in the environment of her own home, without stress was the most comforting experience for my  dog and myself.    I can't express my thanks enough for the way t Dr. Fixler was so kind and understanding.    I would suggest this process and this Service to anyone that is struggling with having their best friend put to rest.   This made it so much easier on both my dog and myself.    Thank you so much Dr. Fixler.
To those they helped...i'm glad for you. But you shouldn't say you are available 24/7 days when you aren't. We needed someone at 330am yesterday when our very large dog was suffering & we couldn't move him. We called & got a recording that they weren't doing 24 hr service right now. There's only 2 places in town that claim they are 24hr at home care....well the other place isn't either.
When you have to let go of your best friend, Dr Fixler is who you would want to be on your and your dog's side.  I have two dogs and he told me exactly how to do this to not cause confusion for the partner of the one leaving, and it worked.  Boomer was sad for awhile but he never searched for his departed mate like some dogs do, because he knew she was gone from our physical world. Dr. Fixler also knew how to support me and my guilt of letter her go (of course we know we shouldn't feel this way, but we all do).  Dr. Fixler and assistant do an examination and give you all options besides euthanasia, but in the end we made our decision to let her go. This is a personal decision and if you want someone guiding you by your side, you are in safe hands with Dr. Fixler.  When it is time for Boomer, I will again go to Dr. Fixler to accompany us.    Very grateful I found him when I needed him. I live far away but for a small fee he came to our home, which shows he does it from his heart.
Dear Happy Endings,    I want to thank you for assisting in a task that I knew was coming for 13 years.  Every little puppy we have ever brought into our home was guaranteed to one day break our hearts.    Sadie was a great dog.  I never recall having to scold her.  She was gentle, smart, and appreciated the love we bestowed on her.  She loved us and showed it every day.    Nothing comes free...and last Monday, the 'emotional bill' came due.  Not your bill...but the bill we had to pay with our heavy hearts over her loss.  Nothing as great as a dog's love comes cheap and Monday we had to pay the price in seeing her go.    But:    You took a dreaded situation and made it more than OK.  You and Rayana covered every base and never missed an opportunity to do the process properly.  You were understanding, gentle, confident, and very punctual.  You could not have done it any better.    Regarding your price...It was a honor to pay your fee.  How can anyone put a dollar and cent value on a service such as yours?    Know that I will tell all of my friends that WHEN the time comes, to make sure they use your services.    Bless you.  And may Sadie rest in peace.    Larry Kavich
Dr. Fixler, his wife Alicia, and assistant were so kind and helpful to me when it was time for my sweet dog, Gretchen, to go to heaven.  Gretchen was 16-1/2, blind, had ulcers on eyes, and little response.  I thank them  for a peaceful passing.
Dr. Jason Kanarish at Phoenix Mountain Animal Hospital is a caring, knowledgeable Veterinarian that goes above and beyond to help our beloved pets.  He is like the old time doctor who made house visits - except in reverse. Wait, what?   So my four-legged furry daughter got sick and I ended up taking her to this new place, Phoenix Mountain Animal Hospital. She ended up needing some intervenous fluids along with a funny hair cut on her left front paw (in order to put the IV in). Dr. Jason recommended she stay overnight, but instead of keeping her in the empty office, he ended up taking my dog home with him for the night!!  Yes, he has a cage next to his bed so he could monitor my baby girl through the night!  His wife and sons all love animals and helped him look after my dog while she was having a slumber party.  He did frequent follow-up calls and all is well with my dog  :)  Dr. Kanarish is a such a wonderful human being to have so much concern for our furry family members.  Love this guy.  He is a gem.
Amazing place. I took my sweet old dog here when it was her time, since she was uncomfortable and this was so close to my house and had been recommended by a friend. Dr. Kanarish and his staff were so sympathetic and understanding, especially considering I was in tears for the entire visit. I was especially moved when the doctor put a large and comfy blanket on the floor of the exam room so I could lay  and comfort my dog until she passed. This is an incredible office of warm and caring people. They made a terribly painful experience much easier for me.
Dr. Kanarish was exactly how I expected he would be by the other reviews I read on Yelp and Google. His staff was very friendly and the facility is extremely clean. I have an 8 year old Boxer that needed a large tumor type growth removed from his paw and was given very high estimates from different hospitals. Phoenix Mountain Animal gave me a very reasonable price on the initial exam and the actual removal, stitches, etc... ended up being much more affordable than any place I had called. I was originally offered care credit( a payment plan) but I ended up not needing it because the bill was within reason. I just picked up my dog and he was a little sleepy from the local anesthetic, so we will see how the next few days go. A great first experience and am planning on transferring all our future visits to see Dr. Karanish. It's great to see there are honest and compassionate Doctors around. I hope anyone looking for an exceptional Dr. will consider Dr. Karanish.
My vet of 12 years sold his practice and retired.  I wasn't so crazy about the "new" vets so I decided to try Dr. K for a checkup for my 12 year old Aussie mix.  I have most definitely found my "next" vet.  Dr. Karnarish' practice is top notch from walking in the door for the first time to saying goodbye after the visit and exam.  The office is extremely clean and attractive.  Kelly, the front office person, and Darlene, the vet tech both have their dogs in the front desk area, and there's a feeling of caring about both the client and their pet.  When Dr. K came into the exam room he took the time to make friends with my dog before giving her a thorough exam, and explaining options for giving her the best quality of life.  He provided me a printout of cost for the suggestions he'd made, but put no pressure on me to implement anything presently.  Now I have a plan and can budget to give my dog optimum care.  When the exam was over my dog had a big smile on her face - not usual for the vet's office.  She normally just wants to get it over with and get out. Later in the day I received an e-mail welcoming me to the practice with a link to a portal with all my dog's medical information on it.  Haven't accessed it yet, but love the idea that all her information is in one place where I can quickly review it.    From my experience I would recommend this veterinary practice with 5+ stars.
Several months ago my husband and I switched our dog's veterinary care to Dr. Kenarish  after being with another veterinary practice for over seven years.  From our first meeting we were very impressed with him.  The staff (both front office and the Vet Techs) is outstanding and very caring.  They are professional, warm and make a real effort to get to know your pet.  Dr. Kenarish is very knowledgeable and never makes you feel rushed.  He always listens to your concerns, patiently answers all questions and offers suggestions on treatment options.    Our dog is at the stage in his life where medical issues are beginning to surface and we feel he is receiving the absolute best care.  We have also boarded our dog there and have been very pleased.  The daily e-mails the staff sends with updates are most enjoyable and reassuring.   Our dog has also been bathed there and we were very pleased.  We highly recommend Phoenix Mountain Animal Hospital.
We love Dr. K and his staff- they truly are the best! I appreciate how helpful they are when I enter the office trying to wrangle my dog and my toddler through the door.   Also, I feel completely comfortable boarding my dog at this vet- they even send us daily emails about our dog's status and lock-picking attempts. Thanks Dr. K and staff for taking such good care of our fur baby!
Every time I go see Dr K and his vet techs, they get down on the floor and sit with my dogs, get to know them, get slobby kisses from them, and sincerely care. Never been to a vet before that tries that hard to make me and my pets comfortable. Affordable and returns calls promptly. We're very happy and wouldn't consider going to another vet at this point.
Dr. K is the best vet! We have four Dachshunds and he takes great care of all of them. When we go in for our appointments, the entire staff is friendly and helpful. Dr. K is very thorough during exams, he knows what he is talking about, and he answers any questions we have. Best of all, we can tell that he truly cares about our dogs. You can't beat Dr. K!
I recently moved to Phoenix and finding a vet I like and trust seemed more intimidating than finding a doc for me.  Thank you, Yelp, for helping me find Dr. Kanarish and his terrific staff!  Shortly after a routine visit, during which I was very impressed for all the reasons already cited here, my dog chewed up and swallowed part of a fabric toy.  Dr. Kanarish was wonderful and spared no effort in ensuring my Daisy Dog was well cared for.  He is the best vet we've ever had, and I loved our Tucson vet.  He even checked on Daisy on Thanksgiving morning!  I can't recommend him and Lisa, Kelly, Darlene and Chad enough. You will be very happy with his services, prices and facility. And he's just a really nice guy!
I took my pets to Phoenix Mountain Animal Hospital today. Everyone was so friendly and welcoming (from the front desk receptionist, to the vet tech, to the doctor). As soon as I completed our paperwork, a vet technician brought us into a room and began a routine check up with our dogs.  She asked lots of questions and was very thorough as she took notes about our concerns and questions. The doctor entered our room with in 5 minutes.  Dr. Kanarish spent a solid 20+ minutes with us as he conducted our dogs' check ups. He was very knowledgeable and incredibly informative (without being jargony or condescending). He was gentle and thorough while working with our dogs. The price for his work was also very reasonable and comparable to other offices. We left feeling grateful to have found such a wonderful vet and confident that our dogs are in good hands.
We recently moved to the area and needed a new vet. I used yelp to find this vet and I am glad I did! Dr. K and his staff are wonderful. Dr. K really takes his time with you and makes sure all your questions are answered. We recently kenneled our dogs over Christmas here and I was a bit nervous since it was their first time there. I was pleasantly surprised to receive daily email updates on our dogs..really made me feel more comfortable.    After Christmas we got a new puppy. I was concerned she had an ear infection and called Saturday morning to see if I could get her in. They squeezed her in and Dr. K was again fabulous.. He didn't want me to have to wait all weekend if she had a problem.    I really loved our vet in Wisconsin but am more than pleased with this new clinic! Highly recommend!!!!
I can't say enough about how great this Veterinarian Clinic and how great Dr. K and Staff are.  My dog Gable has been to a lot of Vets in his life and Dr. K was great!!      Unfortunately Gable became too sick and had to be put to sleep.  It was Sunday night and he took a turn for the worse and had to be brought the an Emergency Animal Hospital (I brought him to the one that is recommended on their voicemail).   The next day Dr. K called to offer his condolences.  Phoenix Mountain Animal Hospital isn't my regular vet and we only have been here one time, but he still took time out of his day to acknowledge my loss.  That was incredibly kind!     They were prompt, professional, and the fees were reasonable.  They didn't make you feel like you are a jerk for not having $1000's of dollars to spend on your pet and customized treatment accordingly.    Phoenix Mountain Animal Hospital will be my regular vet when I get my next dog and will become the regular vet for my Fiance's dog.
This is my first dog so I have to give the disclaimer that I have no experience to compare to -- but this place is awesome. Never have to wait too long, scheduling an appointment is easy, and the staff is all very friendly. At my first appointment, I was afraid of looking like a total newb but Dr. K reassured me that I was doing this dog ownership thing right and gave me some great pointers. Since then, he's been awesome with our pup and very informative when we go in. Glad our first experience has been a good one!
I recently started using Phoenix Mountain Animal Hospital when my husband and I moved to the area.  We got an appointment for my older dog George who is 15 and has congestive heart failure.  Dr. K was very thorough to assess George's situation and explain everything to us.  His medical advice mirrored that of our previously trusted vet in WA so this gave us a great amount of reassurance.  Then we just got a new puppy a few weeks ago and started taking her there.  She also got a thorough assessment.  We signed up for the puppy package that would save us money on her shots and checkups.  Dr. K has a great personality and the staff is fantastic to work with.  This is a very clean facility.
If I could give zero stars I would.     This facility and it's "doctors" KILLED OUR DOG.       Frank Fasanella Dvm in particular.     Las Vegas Dog Parents BEWARE. please share and keep your dog and other dogs safe and away from butcher's like this. ALL THIS PLACE CARES ABOUT IS YOUR MONEY.  They will do anything.  Even willfully recommend surgery on a 15yr old dog without telling you the risks!  This is not a matter of just my opinion...    DR. FASANELLA WAS FOUND GUILTY by the Nevada State Veterinary Board. He was fined and now has a disciplinary action on his file. You can view it here: https://www.nvvetboard.us/DataTier/Documents/Repository/0/0/0/0/74c80a0f-4e4b-4536-822e-27cbd4070661.PDF      PLEASE SHARE THIS INFORMATION. Because our babies (pets) are viewed as property - this case can only ever be a civil one and Vets like this rarely lose their licenses or suffer much more than a slap on the wrist. By sharing and networking these types of doctors we can help all animal lovers not suffer the same loss we did. Nothing will ever bring her back but hopefully our sharing of this situation will ensure it doesn't happen to anyone else's baby.     FRANK FASANELLA DVM KILLED OUR DOG. BEWARE. Here are two other similar complaints!      http://www.ripoffreport.com/veterinarians/ve-cc/ve-cc-vecc-dog-owners-beware-57e0f.htm#    http://www.yelp.com/biz/veterinary-emergency-and-critical-care-las-vegas#hrid:LaLrPKdw6mEyjzZj5GlliA    You can view our beautiful baby in all her glory - before this butcher and the butchers at Veterinary Emergency and Critical Care Center killed her    https://www.facebook.com/pages/Bears-Angels/265568876801720
My sweet pet was recently released from VE-CC and is now on insulin 2  x a day. I am still shaky with the needles and Brianne (sp) was very understanding and we arranged that I could bring my dog in - (I supply the needles/insulin) and they would help me with the shot.  Thank goodness they are less than 10 min from my home and are open 24x7. Thanks Brianne!
They were absolutely amazing taking care of our Shadow especially after the bad experience I had at another facility.  They really cared about our dog they explained everything in a way that made sense they were going to perform blood work prior to treating our puppy which made more sense than the previous place that said they would not do blood work until after the antivenin.  They looked him over and saw a healthy puppy other than the swelling they suggested keeping him overnight and we agreed.  They let us spend time with Shadow before they took him in for more tests and said they would know for certain in a couple of hours and when I spoke to them they let us know there was nothing wrong with his blood work and we could pick him up in the morning.  We got a call in the morning to pick him up and I can't say enough about how great they were with us and Shadow.  And all for  10 x less the price than the other animal hospital.
Do NOT I repeat do NOT take your animal here.  These people are money hungry.  I took my dog here twice because I literally had no option or at least I didn't think I had another option because of the day and time I had incidents with my dog.  The first time I took my Boxer dog there was on a Sunday evening before a major holiday and he had hives and couldn't breathe properly.  Frank who looked like he was fresh out of vet school didn't know what caused the hives.  He couldn't piece anything together, then wanted him to stay overnight.  I turned that down because I know hives are not life threatening.  I was given some antibiotics and paid $170 for that.      2nd time was a lot more serious as he needed immediate attention as he was throwing up white foam every 30 minutes then finally when he arrived he was throwing up blood mixed in.  Spent 2 hours in that place and everytime Dr. Porterwood came in to talk to me it was always more options that just kept on getting more and more expensive.  I had an xray done to see if there was anything he might've swallowed and then did bloodwork and the xray didn't show much of anything and everything looked normal and the bloodwork just showed the normal signs of him being dehydrated from not being able to hold any water.   So I left him there for about 4 hours from 3:30 am till 7:30 am so he could get fluids, when I picked him up it only got worse as I rushed him to a REAL Veterinary practice (Sahara Animal Hospital) where he on the way there he was drooling and then upon arrival spat out a puddle of liquid mixed with blood with a really foul smell which was later told to me by Dr. Arteaga is the smell of death.  Dr. Arteaga took in my Boxer for 3 whole days and nursed him back to health and basically saved his life as I was told he was dying.  I later found out that what my Boxer had was a fairly new virus going around that's called circovirus and is very deadly if not attended to right away.      So just be aware that this place isn't out for the care of your animal but they're out to make their wallets fatter.  They'll try to run all sorts of tests that aren't necessary until your run out of cash.  If anyone reading this want the number to a real veterinarian who will take care of your animal no matter what time or what day then please feel free to contact me.
There comes a time when a pet owner just has to go to ER for their pet. I was in Las Vegas visiting my brother (and of course the nightlife) with my baby german shepherd. This is my GSD's fifth or sixth time in Vegas and this has been the only time he has ever had to see a vet down here.     I brought him in after I found blood in his poop and all over his tail! I was in a panic. He had possibly thrown up or just couldn't hold the diarrhea in my brother's apartment. I let him out and he was constipated but with runny poo and then blood! I was crying because this has never happened to him before! So I hopped on Yelp to find a vet to attend to his urgent needs. I found Veterinary Emergency and Critical Care because it was literally down the street.    Anyways the reviews are def spot on. The vet and the lady at the front desk was so nice and informative. I was seen immediately as soon I walked right in. The vet and his assistant were kind and really made the time to get to know my dog. I loved how they gave me options of treatment before just doing something and charging me $$. We all probably experienced a time when someone just charges you the most expensive treatment which was not even needed!     Like all other emergency services, a one time visit is $95 dollars not including the treatment yet... Yes pricey. But I definitely recommend coming here for emergency needs for your four legged friends. Nicest and most genuine vets I've met!
If I could give zero stars I would.  This clinic is nothing but a scam.  They care more about money then they do about your pet.  Everytime you talk to someone you hear a different story.  They charged us $2000 dollars for 48 hours of care and told us that if we took our dog out of their care that we should consider saying good bye and putting him to sleep.  We brought him home and administered meds and cared foe him ourselves and he is doing bwtter than ever and is completely back to normal.  This clinic will tell you anything to keep you spending all your money.  Their estimates are just random chages that flucuate ate their will.  Two different times they dropped prices becauae I told them that they are ripping me off and magically $150 was taken off our bill.  Do not take your pwts here.  They are crooks and will take all your money.
Had an excellent terrible experience here.    Was referred here by my Vet (Haven Animal Hospital -Great BTW) due to Chief being in bad condition and needing the attention of specialists. My 10 year old English Bulldog was seriously weak and unwell.    Came here on a Saturday and learned my dog had cancer. Dr. Weatherton was excellent and did a spectacular job of laying out all of the facts and the likelihood of various possibilities of recovery. All of my questions were answered in an easy to understand manner with lots of relevant details and the costs.      In the end it was abundantly clear that any of the choices would prolong the suffering of an old dog at the end of his life so we had to put my best friend down. It was a terrible experience but Dr. Weatherton made things as easy as they could be.    The place is definitely expensive. No doubt about that.
Pros:   I love the staff here. There Friendly and truly care about the welfare of your pets. I wouldn't take my dog any where else.   I especially enjoy the rehab technicians and the ophthalmology department.     Cons:   It's gonna cost u every time u come here. But for my pet I pay for quality not quantity of care he gets.     The choice is inevitably yours. I would definitely tell you to give these folks a try.
Brought my 1yr old French Bulldog in here this morning after he had an allergic reaction to something.  His normal vet down the street wouldnt be able to see him until later on in the day and that just didnt work for me.  I called them and they said  to bring him on in, soon as we walked in they took him to the back to examine him.  From the moment I walked in the door until the time I left I was pleased with the visit I had.  The cost was way less than I expected and this was before hours too.  They ended up giving him an injection and steroid to help make the swelling go down.  He had bumps all over his hind legs, his wrinkles under his eyes were swollen and his breathing was starting to get raspy.  So glad this place is close to our house, the doctor that explained everything to me even offered to let him stay there for observation at no extra charge until unch time.  If I ever have to take our babies to the emergency clinic again after hours I will definitely bring them back here based on the quick service and good care they took of my fury baby!!
Will never go there again, and I will tell everyone I know not to go there either. Brought in a dog that was hit  by a car. this is my letter to the clinic director. I have not gotten a response.   To: Dean Penniman  From: De Simon  Re:Patient Diamond C. and Ashley Love 12-30-13    Mr. Penniman,                            I would like to start by saying I have never written to a company or organization to complain about the services I have received, but I can't get past this one. It has been bothering me for months.     Diamond C.is a pit bull who was hit by a car going about 45 mph and brought into your clinic just after 8pm. I called Durango Animal Hospital first and they recommend we come to you since dog vs auto was your specialty and they were closing. My son and his friend T.C brought Diamond in immediately, she was hit at Ft. Apache/Tropicana intersection (5-10 minutes ).     When I arrived at the clinic Diamond was in the back and T.C and my son were waiting in an exam room. It was made clear in the beginning by T.C that money was an issue,  After that the tech was the only one we saw, she said if we could only spend a few hundred dollars then  supportive care for a few days would be best . I asked if  x-rays could be done so we could see if supportive care was needed, because if Diamond needed thousands of dollars in medical treatment or was injured beyond repair then there was no need to put her through any more. I stated that to the tech, she went to the back to talk with the vet and then came back still talking about supportive care and how they didn't think there was any serious damage since Diamond could stand when she came in. I asked how the could be sure there was no serious damage without x-rays and also 80 lb dog against a car doing 45 mph is a bad combination and I didn't see how she wasn't seriously injured. The tech said they would do x-rays tomorrow if needed. I asked why not now because we didn't have the money for an overnight stay and if she was seriously hurt she shouldn't suffer.  The tech said start with supportive care  and go from there or we could take her home and then to a vet in the morning.     Are you confused yet? I know i was by this point. She needed to stay for supportive care but she wasn't seriously injured , We wanted to pay for x-rays so we could get a better idea of what was going on but they didn't want to do them and we were not going to pay for a few days in an emergency clinic without them. So we decided to take her home and to our vet in the morning.       I still have not seen Diamond while this whole thing was going on. When the tech brought her out she was laid out on a small gurney covered with a blanket unable to move, I said to the tech I don't think she can move. She said  " Diamond is sedated, I can get her up if you want to see her stand up. " .  I said no, leave her alone. She was heavily sedated and again if she wasn't seriously injured , why?     When we got her home we carried her in and laid her on a blanket. She didn't try to move, even as the sedative and pain meds wore off. She did moan all night .She looked kind of crooked in the back end but I thought it was just the way she was laying. We gave her the oral meds and waited for morning. She wouldn't stand again.    We took her to Sunrise Animal Hospital, I've been taking my animals there for the past 25 years. I may not always like what I'm told there but I get the truth. Dr. Henderson examined her and found that her pelvis was crushed,  no pain response or feeling in her back legs, pale gums, and stomach bloat= internal bleeding  that was found without x-rays. Dr. Henderson recommended we put her down.     Either Ashley Love is incompetent or cruel. What ever the case may be , you should know about it. Perhaps you already do and don't care. I don't know.    I do know his dog should have been put down in your clinic not moved around and made to endure more discomfort. I knew when I saw her on the gurney she was done and even if we left her there for "supportive care"  we would have a huge bill and then have to put her down anyway. Remember 45 mph.    Diamond was a sweet and gentle pit bull who deserved better. She was in a considerable amount of pain the last 10 hours of her life and never lashed out at anyone while we carried and transported her across town.     The only time she really tried to move was right before she was put down, Tyler was saying goodbye to her and crying, she lifted her head and licked his face. That was one of the saddest things I have ever seen.    We were just looking for an honest evaluation and that's not what we got.    Regretfully    De Simon
We found a tiny stray puppy and went into pet smart to purchase a few supplies. I stopped by bansfield to ask what kind if food I should purchase. Edna, at the desk, immediately gave our puppy cuddles and brought the vet out to see her. We could not find the owners and ended up signing up for the puppy wellness plan. Our first visit was wonderful, there was an emergent situation, and we had several pop ins from the nurse explaining the delay. They called after the first visit to check in the pup. Very caring and personal service.
I am warning anyone that loves their Pet to NEVER go to this hospital for any type of service for your pet.  I took my dog there to have some simple fatty cell lumps removed and it was a disaster.  They offered us a discounted rate if we also had our dog's teeth cleaned.  Well, my dog got SEPSIS (blood poisoning) from them infecting him while they were cleaning his teeth and my dog passed away 48 hours later.  I loved my dog for 8 years and he was healthy and happy prior to them infecting him with this deadly disease.  I had a necropsy (autopsy) done to prove their negligence and offered this to them and they provided me with no apologies and tried to do everything they could to deny wrong doing.  I am now fighting with them over reimbursement for my loss since that is all I have left.  I fear that I am not the only one and the public needs to know what the doctors and their non-caring staff have done to pets in their care.  Please do not make the same mistake I made!!
Never take your pet here! I made the mistake of taking my dog there bcs I thought he had an ear infection, I asked how much it would cost to get him examined, tested and get the meds, they told me no more than $80. Well $200 later I found out that it wasn't an ear infection after all. The whole visit consisted of them forcing me to watch stupid videos about their monthly plan which they try to shove down your throat and on top of it all they couldn't even spell my dogs name right...
I have been with Banfield for over two years, I am a regular customer with their wellness plan for my 2 1/2 year old Boston Terrier female.  My Dog had a scare this past Thursday with vomit, whimpering and a sense of being very uncomfortable.  I called immediately after returning home from work and seeing what she had done.  The hospital was able to get her in immediately, what a relief for me.  after a couple hours of tests and X-rays, we came to a conclusion that she may have a blockage in her digestive trac.  I took her home that evening because I had to wait on results of the radiologists review.  needless to say, things got worse for her throughout the night and I called upon the opening of the hospital at 8am that morning and again, they were able to take her in right away.    Dr. Rice and the wonderful and beautiful staff at this hospital had to perform exploratory surgery on my baby girl to remove the blockage and untwist one of her intestines.  24 hours after surgery, my dog is eating and drinking, resting and seems to be very comfortable in every way.    Not only is my dog in wonderful recovery status, the staff and Banfield even took a great liking to Dixie (My dogs name), they responded to every concerning phone call from me and bought my dog flowers.    I highly recommend Banfield for all of your pets needs, they are sweet and truly love animals and what they do.  Thank you Dr. Rice and staff.    Nathan
I have been coming here for years and I am definitely satisfied. My dog (Olivia) is going to be 5 years old this month and has been apart of Banfield since she was a few months old. I started her off on the puppy wellness plan which includes the spay and all shots. Over a year ago I upgraded her to the package that also includes a teeth cleaning. They put her under anesthesia and clean her teeth, also pull any that need to be pulled. I don't like doing this but chihuahuas are known for having bad teeth and she is a pure breed so it's a must.     I believe the staff really does care about your pet, and since I think of mine as a human this is definitely important. The doctor is very nice and explains anything and everything in detail. So ask away!
I forgot to add the name of the doctor! The doctor is Dr. Pearce and he was amazing again today. I got a new puppy and checked her out, answered all of my questions and truly cares about your pet!
I was skeptical about bringing my new puppy here because I've heard Banfields aren't the greatest. Needless to say, going through my puppy's shot series I didn't have any issues nor was anything spectacular. It wasn't until her spay that I can honestly say I completely REGRET ever bringing her to a Banfield. My poor baby I wish I could take it back.    Her incision looks like the skin was quickly and effortlessly pushed and glued back together, the area still bloody and dirty looking and full of dried blood/glue who knows. She has little blood spots on her head and arm which to me shows an overall lack in not only skill but care and precision as someone clearly wasn't changing gloves or keeping the entire area clean as they're touching other spots on her body, again who knows. I was told the procedure takes 30-45mins but 5hours after dropping her off they still weren't done and at no point did I receive any type of update courtesy call. A procedure like this should end with the VET coming out and telling you exactly what he did, not the untrained appointment setter at the front desk (no offense).     AFTER WRITING THIS REVIEW PETSMART AND THE VET DID CONTACT ME AND APOLOGIZE.
I don't think I could have been more unsatisfied with my experience today at Banfield Pet Hospital. I was watching my parents 10 month old boxer over the weekend and this morning around 5am she was running around in the back yard and somehow broke her leg. It was a pretty bad break and she was in a tremendous amount of pain. We called Banfield because they're very close to us and have seen our dog in the past. When I explained that it is not my dog and my parents could not be reached as they are out of cell phone range they advised they were not willing to offer any help until a payment method was offered. I asked if they would take a post-dated check for two days and they said no way. They had absolutely zero compassion to the situation. My mother ended up calling in the payment and the girl forgot to take her expiration date. When we showed up to get the dog she wasted no time to threaten to take US to collections if the issue didn't get resolved by tomorrow! We quickly let her know where to go and how to get there. That is her problem, not ours! When we left I asked for a printout of the X-ray and they advised it would be $25. This place is only interested in your money, do yourself a favor and go somewhere else.
I have been bringing my pitbull mix to Banfield for almost a year. Prior to Banfield, I was taking her to Power Ranch Animal Hospital and received very impersonal service, spent a lot of money, and never really felt that my dog was being taken care of.     I purchased a Wellness Plan for my dog on my first visit at Banfield (she was about 6 months old and unfortunately had already received all puppy shots/services elsewhere). I only wish I had gone to Banfield sooner. The Wellness Plan really saves so much money and also saves a ton of stress because you are able to bring in your pet anytime you have concerns without having to pay anything. Also, everyone at Banfield is always really friendly and helpful and seem to genuinely enjoy what they do.
I have two great dane puppies and was looking to get them their vaccinations and set up to be neutered.    They offer pet prevention plans which if you sign up for can save you an additional 10-15% additional services.  While for the most basic things this is a rather reasonable expense.  However, one of the pups magically contracted Parvo after being vaccinated for it.    They wanted to charge me $800 in random tests to find out what was wrong.  I said no and asked them to do 1 test at a time until they found out what was wrong.  Which once Parvo came back positive that saved me nearly 600 dollars.  Seeing as they were the clinic the pups have been seen the most at I continued to use their services to treat Parvo.  A highly contagious and extremely deadly disease.  They used no precautions in handling my dog (gloves, bib, protective gear).  Which scarily may have put other dogs at great risk.  He spent 2 days getting fluids, amoxicillian shots, and anti nausea medicine. I can't speak of him being quarantined or isolated for the safety of other dogs coming in.  All said and done we spent over $1000 dollars in hydrating our dog with 4 anti nausea pills and a bottle of amoxicillian.  Since we were adamant on being consulted before running other various tests that were unnecessary.  After researching and making a few phone calls we asked for an X-Ray to be done at the closing hours. They obliged and ran x-rays after hours for us.  They came back with a blockage and possible intestinal twist scare. They advised us to take our pet to a local emergency pet hospital after spending 2 days in their "hospital".     The people were friendly but very busy and they were frequently over run with people waiting. Which is part of life, but when our dog has Parvo we should have been informed from the start to keep him isolated and not be walking him through the store.     The main Dr was very friendly and she did seem knowledgeable but this is a very business oriented place that over charges for some very basic things.       The emergency hospital visit is by far more expensive, but we have essentially lost 2 days and $1000 dollars worth of services that could of gone to an establishment better equipped to handle the illness that is very time sensitive and early treatment is critical for our dogs survival.     I highly recommend going to a real vet office.
My puppy was bloated and I brought him here to see what was wrong with him. They ran some tests and never called me back with the results. The bloating went down the next day but I feel like if I am paying over $100 for tests the least you can do is call me back with the results.
My puppy was sick again and the only reason why I came back is because the hours of operation here work with my schedule. The people here really have no idea what they are doing. Based on my dog's symptoms I was able to go online and figure out what was wrong with him but I'm not a doctor and I needed a professional to diagnose him and give him the proper care he needed. They said they couldn't figure out what was wrong with him and gave him antibiotics. Turns out my puppy had kidney stones and was in a lot of pain. I took him to another doctor who was able to figure out what was wrong with him right away. If you care for your animal do not come here.
Up until my previous review I hadn't had enough bad experiences to ever think twice about continuing my relationship with Banfield.  Sure, there were times I had waited an hour or two to be seen for a scheduled appointment, but that was because of emergencies.  I completely understand emergencies happen and appreciate that those sick/injured animals are seen before my relatively healthy pet who is just in for a check-up or minor issue.         Recently, one of my dogs started limping and bleeding from his nail bed while playing.  This became a recurring issue, so I called to make an appointment.  The receptionist couldn't get me in for a week, but he didn't see to be in much pain, so I figured he would be OK waiting.  The day before his scheduled appointment I got a phone call telling me he needed to be bumped and the next available appointment wouldn't be until 2 days later.  I'm a little surprised because although this isn't a life-threatening emergency, a dog who is limping, somewhat swollen and occasionally bleeding shouldn't be so low on their list of priorities.         About a week later my little guy was on his morning walk when he ran into one of my neighbors' jumping cholla.  (why my neighbor would put jumping cholla next to the sidewalk is beyond me, but that's beside the point.)  Cactus was everywhere (genitals, mouth, paws, including the area that was already injured) and he was not interested in me pulling them out one by one.  I called Banfield to give them a heads up letting them know we were coming in as a courtesy call.  I was told they wouldn't be able to see me for four hours.        I understand that they are not an emergency pet hospital--but as I said, my husband and I have both waited patiently for extended periods, and had one appointment bumped, so they could deal with other pets' emergencies.  They should either take emergency appointments or refer emergencies elsewhere.  I shouldn't have to wait for other people's emergencies and be sent elsewhere when I have one.  I pay close to $1000/year for the wellness plan for my two dogs and the quality of service I have been receiving lately makes that expense unjustified.  I will be cancelling my wellness plan and finding another vet.
I took my dog to this place today for a cough and viral fever. Dr. Wells was very nice and he explained a lot of things to me. He seemed experienced and skilled. The place is affordable it was easy to get an appointment. Only con I found was that the waiting time there was close to an hour but that might have been because it was my first time visiting there and the paperwork  took some time too. I would definitely recommend this place.
I called last minute when I noticed my dog wasn't acting like himself.  They got us in, and all the employees we encountered were super friendly and awesome.  Even the doc seemed to care about the well being of the animals and of Charlie.  Also they were very reasonably priced, and the office visit was less than that of all the other vets I called but didn't have time for my dog.  We will definitely make this our vet for Charlie
Ive experienced much better    I recently switched vets due to a move and found Tempe Vet was close to my house and had decent reviews. In about a 2 month time span I have taken four dogs to Tempe Vet and probably spent about $500+ there. My first two experiences were good, the wait was tolerable and the Dr's covering for Dr. wells were exceptional! However, I had two appointments - with Dr wells- this past week for two of my dogs. The wait each time was over one hour and fifteen minutes; I spent nearly two hours there each visit: one visit was a wellness check on a dog I adopted and the other was a follow up for my dog's allergies! The second visit, I didn't leave the office until 7pm and I had to be somewhere at 7 pm. And the bill was 280.00! No break down of what I was getting / cost prior to checking out they just loaded me up with meds. Check out took about 15 minutes because I was asking questions about what I was purchasing. I asked for the exam fee to be comped the lady ask why and I said because my appt was 2 hours ago AND because I came out of the room after an hour of waiting (at 6 pm) and said I will come in first time tomorrow morning then Dr well said he would be in my room in about 5-10 minutes- he was- but I still ended up staying there another hour. At check out-again- i  offered to come back in the morning to get the meds because by this time I was frustrated and check out process was a mess which caused the 15 minute check out.  The front desk lady said she would not comp the exam fee because he was prescribing meds to the dog I brought in two days prior for her cough. I recommended to her that the office begin the practice letting patients know if the Dr is running behind to show that they have respect for people's time. She didn't seem understanding nor did I get an apology for the two hour office visit.  This experience could have been avoided if I was inform, when I checked in,  that he was over an hour behind - then I could have made the decision to wait or reschedule and I would have simply reschedule for the following day. I may take my dog in for her follow up appt- only because I do not want to switch dr 's mid treatment (ill just show up an hour and a half late and be there on time)  and after that my three girls will not be back to Tempe Vet. I cannot speak how good the dr is because both times he was rushed and that gave me the impression he was just going through the motions to get to the next appt (they probably did not get out until after 8pm). Unless you have hours to spare at the vet I would not recommend this place. I understand there are emergencies but I'm sure patients would appreciate a heads up at check in if there is a tremendous wait; that would have made all the difference- both times I went.
We had Dr. Pifer yesterday for a quick exam for my dog to get caught up on his shot. Front desk staff was very kind and got me in right away. The only thing I didn't like about this place was the fact they take the dog in the back for temperature.  I don't understand why they can't do everything in the room with the owner. The doctor was super informative and took the time to answer my questions. A lot of times vets seem rushed, but he didn't at all. Very pleased and will come back again. Kind of a weird area of tempe, but office was clean and professional.
This has been the most G-d aweful experience.  I adopted a pet from the Maricopa shelter last week and immediately  brought the dog to them for their free visit/wellness exam  which is included by Maricopa Animal Shelter, which ended up costing over $100 for dewormer and heartworm test (because Maricopa Animal Shelter doesnt test them for ANYTHING).  Then when the prescriptions they prescribed for "Kennel cough" did not work, they charged $100 more for two different prescriptions (that one isnt working either) , and now one week after initially seeing them after the adoption, they want to charge us over $400 for even being seen.  What ever happened to hippocratic oath?  I wouldnt recommend this place to my worst enemy.  They are all about the $$$ and not the love of animals.  It definitely sounds as though Adeena dog as pneumonia and not kennel cough.  Toby, our other dog has noot even coughed or sneezed once and baby girl has been here a week already but just seems to be progressively getting worse.  And we love her and dont want to lose our new addition to the family!   We have called almost on a daily basis, only to be "run off" the phone with a bunch of "Ill call you back"s.  BLECH!    Also, after further research, the prescription that was supposed to be given to my dog was supposed to be a cough suppresant and what they gave us was a pain killer.    This place should be closed down and I fully intend on reporting them to the AZ Board.
This has been the most G-d aweful experience.  I adopted a pet from the Maricopa shelter last week and immediately  brought the dog to them for their free visit/wellness exam  which is included by Maricopa Animal Shelter, which ended up costing over $100 for dewormer and heartworm test (because Maricopa Animal Shelter doesnt test them for ANYTHING).  Then when the prescriptions they prescribed for "Kennel cough" did not work, they charged $100 more for two different prescriptions (that one isnt working either) , and now one week after initially seeing them after the adoption, they want to charge us over $400 for even being seen.  What ever happened to hippocratic oath?  I wouldnt recommend this place to my worst enemy.  They are all about the $$$ and not the love of animals.  It definitely sounds as though Adeena dog as pneumonia and not kennel cough.  Toby, our other dog has noot even coughed or sneezed once and baby girl has been here a week already but just seems to be progressively getting worse.  And we love her and dont want to lose our new addition to the family!   We have called almost on a daily basis, only to be "run off" the phone with a bunch of "Ill call you back"s.  BLECH!      Also, after further research, the prescription that was supposed to be given to my dog was supposed to be a cough suppresant and what they gave us was a pain killer.    This place should be closed down and I fully intend on reporting them to the AZ Board.
I have a little bit of a mixed experience between Alana and the others. I always felt the staff and doctors were pleasant and friendly, however, they do try to up sell veterinary services at every opportunity. It's a business so I don't really blame them, but it is kind of annoying when all you want is to keep your dogs up to date on their shots.
My parents used to take their dogs to Puppy Palace. Not anymore. Surprise Animal Hospital is the best.  Spanky loves coming here. They are super friendly and the place is clean as a whistle. (Never understood that analogy!) they lost Dudley recently and SAH was amazing during the while process. I could give them enough stars.     They are super busy, so if you want to bring your doggie in for servicing (lol!) make sure you schedule a week out. My dad didn't, brought Spanky back to PP and he was sick and had anxiety for a week after. That was the final straw for my family using PP.
FIVE STAR!! Everything from having a last minute appointment available to the professional front desk, very kind vet tech and extremely patient veterinarian --- I was absolutely impressed with the level of customer service! My sweet lady lab had a pretty nasty ear infection that required prompt attention. Both the tech and the vet took time to gain my dog's trust before they took vitals and performed the exam to determine the issue causing her discomfort. They treated my dog like she was part of their family. The fees were explained thoroughly before a course of action was agreed upon. Professional, kind, and definitely a crew that are passionate about what they do! I won't take my furry family members anywhere else!
I wanted to update my review. While I am not changing the stars rating, because I still feel like this clinic tends to be more expensive than other places, I do still really like this office, and we will probably keep coming back for the most part.     Last Friday, we had to make the hard decision to put down our older dog. We had wanted to spend one more day with him, perhaps selfishly, so I made an appointment for both of our dogs on Saturday as our younger dog was pretty attached to the older one, and needed vaccines updated anyway.    All of the staff was really sweet and understanding, and I feel like they gave us lots of time with the appointment and we were not rushed.
SAH has taken care of our five dogs for several years now. There are many things we appreciate, such as being able to get in on short notice, the groomers (Nikki is great!), extended hours and nice people. The vets are kind and professional, but I never know who we are going to see, nor could I give you their names. It would be nice to have some consistency with which vet you see, which is the only reason it does not get a five star rating from me.
I am glad I gave Surprise Animal Hospital a second chance. We bought a brand new puppy who came with Parvo. She was a tiny chihuahua only 8 weeks old. Most of the time we find them quite expensive. We did a follow up with them after being at an emergency animal hospital the night before. The offered a treatment plan we could save money and treat our puppy at home, by administering her fluids, shots and special prescribed food. Catching Parvo asap is the most important and treating immediately. Surprise Animal hospital was the key to helping us save our puppy and without breaking our pocket books. They even helped us do a partial and then deferred payment for later in the week. Highly recommend.     In the past we brought our bird in to have its wings clipped. They never told us they weren't bird savvy. Out came with bird with all her feathers clipped except the blood feather. They were scared to do it and said you aren't supposed to. That cost me $25.00 and then I had to go across town to have the job finished. It was kind of funny yet disappointing.     Our hamster had a brain tumor and had to be put to rest. They are not bird or pocket pet specialists but I felt $95 was a little steep. So we went somewhere else.     I still do recommend Surprise Animal Hospital. Only things I can really say is watch pricing, and I do get tired of hearing a lot of negative talk up front between employees and about situations. I don't find that very professional. The staff is courteous and kind to us though.
Very Very Friendly Staff. Normal (not over the top) Pricing (except for nail trims-see below).    It was our first visit with my 9 year old dog. We recently moved to the area so needed a new vet.     Overall, they where great. Felt the Vet we saw was in an out super fast (Dr. Rebecca Thongkham). Usually they are fast, but I felt like the was talking SOO fast in the -hurry up i have to go way- and not in the - i am just a fast talker way- if that makes any sense.     Also feel that $19 for a nail trim is grossly overpriced... Its like $10 at petsmart. Even mom and pop groomers only charge $11. The most I have ever spent on nail trimming is $15 and that was in Del Mar, California where EVERYTHING is expensive! I understand maybe higher pricing for bigger dogs.... but $19 for a small (under 25lb) dog? Kinda overkill.
We adore Dr Bashaw and everyone at El Dorado! I adopted my tiny mutt a little more than a year ago and, on the recommendation of several people, we chose them as our vet. From the very first day, both the doctor and all the techs have been kind, caring, gentle, thorough and willing to make time in their busy schedule! The cost is certainly reasonable, the building is lovely and the human amenities are very nice - but my first concern will always be how they treat my dog! Based on that alone...they get my 5 stars!    I also love that they have a full online site to manage your pet care. It makes it very easy to have access to everything whenever you need it    I finally decided to write this review today, after my dog was up all night last night, throwing up. She's never been a pukey dog and prior to today, had only thrown up once before. I wasn't overly concerned after she threw up the first time, and I was willing to wait a little longer after the second time - but after the seventh time, I was upset, worried and a little freaked out. In proportion to her size and weight...the amount of vomit seemed alarming. I called the office and learned Dr Bashaw was in surgery all day - however, after checking with her, they told me that she would make time to see my baby.  Some dogs might be upset at the idea of going to the vet - my dog LOVES going to the vet! Even though she wasn't feeling great, she ran around and jumped and gave kisses to everybody. They checked her over, gave her an anti-nausea shot and gave me some instructions on what to do for the next few days. They also told me they'd call tomorrow to see how she's doing, and from past experience, I know they'll call tomorrow to see how she's doing! It's so important to me that they mean what they say and they follow through!    I know how challenging it can be to choose a vet - especially when your pet can't tell you how they feel about the whole experience. But my concerns have long since disappeared! They're simply the best and your pets will get the best care there!
Please take caution when visiting this clinic.  While we've taken animals to this vet in emergencies in the past, none was as crucial as our terrier this past summer.  It was a late Sunday afternoon and our terrier had quickly developed real difficulty breathing.  I called this clinic and rushed him directly there (we are only a few blocks away).  They scooped him up and into the back room to get him stabilized and intubated so he could breathe.  Immediate crisis was averted.  At this point we met Dr. Tristan Daugherty (we had met him in the past), and signed the paperwork to authorize them to care for our little guy.  The next three days were horrific, but they began with the biggest mistake I regret authorizing to this day!!!!!  At 11:00 pm Daugherty called and said he thought they needed to do a tracheotomy (something very rarely done at that clinic).  Every cell in my body was telling me to say no, but when talking with the experts you feel wrong saying no...so I authorized the operation.  That was the beginning of the end for our otherwise healthy 7 year old terrier.  The very next morning when I called my regular vet to fill them in, they were appalled at a tracheotomy ESPECIALLY on a Yorkshire terrier...a breed that is extremely prone to collapsing trachea and something that should have been discussed with us.    The other doctors we encountered were as follows: Heidi Fay was cold and non-responsive when on her service.  She even had the audacity to say to me after I inquired about our current total bill (which in the end was nearly $3,000) "this is just part of being a responsible dog owner" in a curt tone.  Oh really?  No kidding...that's why he is at the Emergency Vet Clinic receiving around the clock care.  One of the most insulting things I've experienced as a dog owner.      Dr. Ruth Clark on the other hand was extremely empathetic and responsive, keeping me up to date on his progress and outlook for when he could come home...she even cried with us at one point when we almost lost him on the second day.  Our final vet was Dr. Allison Gunn who was clearly the most experienced and down-to-earth that we worked with.      All-in-all, I would only consider taking my animal there for stitches or non-invasive issues...and only if there is no possibly way it could wait for our daily vet to be open.  Three weeks after coming home from the vet and after constant care of his tracheotomy wound, our terrier's trachea collapsed and had to be put to sleep.  A healthy seven year old terrier with lots of life left that should have NEVER received the procedure he did at this veterinarian...the risks with his breed / genetics were never discussed with us prior to this procedure, we had to hear them from our daily vet after the fact.  BEWARE!!!
Two weeks ago my 4 month old great dane puppy was taken here for a severe reaction to his puppy shots. He ended up very swollen and vomiting which he in turn aspirated into his lungs --not good.    My puppy ended up staying in  VES for care for 5 days. The whole time, we were kept very up-to-date regarding procedures that were being done and the cost of them. Since he is a large breed dog,  we were kept aware of the possible side effects of each medicine that may need to be administered. Furthermore, we found the staff very comforting and understanding of our position. We were invited to visit whenever we wanted, so we visited our little guy morning and night. Each morning, we were given an overview of the costs as they stood as well as where they would be at the end of the day should everything remain the same.  By the second morning the folks at the front desk knew who we were and were telling us stories about how much our little guy is loved by the staff. Dr. Thompson was incredibly informative and she gave us all of the facts--gently. Dr. Fay was also a great help!    Ultimately, I am SO thanful for this service. The staff is caring and attentive and the service--was amazing. Thank you for bringing our little guy back to health!
I scheduled my dog for grooming and I was a little nervous, because this was the first time I had taken her to Crossroads Veterinary Hospital.      But all doubt was erased when the groomer arrived and it was Scott, the dog trainer.  He taught the canine obedience classes that we took with our puppy.  I immediately knew that my dog was in good hands.  Scott listened to my concerns about my dog's sensitive skin and assured me he would use the oatmeal shampoo.    When I picked up my dog she was all smiles, sparkling clean and super soft. The staff was friendly and helpful and the place is really clean.  I will definitely be back.
I saw the bad review posted here and was quite concerned as it may have reflected the rare bad day we are all subject to once in a while. We have taken our little poodle  to Dr.  McComb for about 9 years.  Dr. McComb just operated on our dog's orthopedic issues in his neck. Everything went very very well, our little guy was treated in the best possible way . (The doctor even let me go in the recovery room to comfort my dog.) It was serous surgery but our dog is doing GREAT now.  We do have to see Dr. Mc Comb  fairly often as our dog  has several issues that require frequent visits. Dr. McComb is an excellent diagnostician and a very skilled surgeon . We send many people there with confidence.  Everyone we have sent there has had nothing but very good things to say. If you get the right Vet ..you save money because the malady is identified  and treated sooner and the animal suffers alot less.  Our experience at Crossroads Clinic has been very good and very consistent .   Please give another chance to someone who might have had a bad day or maybe is not feeling well on that day. At least do it for your pet.
We've taken our pup here to get shots and heart worm meds. Cost us around $170 (meds included), but I suppose that's alright... I was hoping to get him into their doggy day care program, but the hours are not convenient to anyone who works before 7am.  Will go back.
My dog had a bad experience at a vet a few years ago & ever since has been terrified of them.  That is until today! We saw Dr Horvath and she was amazing.  She took time to get to know my dog, walk him around and make him feel comfortable, while she slipped in the exam.  Although he was shaking when we got there, he had made friends by the time we left.  This is the first time in 3 years he's been able to get his shots without being muzzled, which is HUGE for me!!  I'm so happy, I completely recommend them to everyone!!!
We just added a teacup pomeranian to our family and needed to establish veterinary care for him.  The facility is very clean and spacious.  Imagine how you would want your own doctors office to look, well this is the vet version.    Amanda the vet tech was so sweet and loving to our little puppy.  She made him feel so comfortable and happy to be there.  She recommended a puppy package that would save us money over the course of all of his immunizations and check-ups.  She also reviewed all kinds of information on his diet, training, etc.  Amanda was very patient and informative with all of our new puppy parent questions.  I really felt she cared about us and was a super genuine person.    The same can be said for Dr. Horvath.  What a warm, loving doctor.  She patiently addressed all of our concerns, thoroughly examined him, and just far exceeded our expectations.  Her bedside manner was by far the best I've seen in all my encounters with veterinarians.  In fact she just called to personally check on our puppy and to follow up on our visit.  This is just extraordinary care.    You can tell the staff really love what they do and Dr. Horvath leads the charge.  We are beyond satisfied with our experience and level of care.  Thank you Norterra Animal Hospital!
Let me just start out by saying, I drive two hours just for the excellent care and professional conduct of this office. Everyone from Dr. Simonson, to her entire staff has been more than helpful! My little Doxie (Howie) lost all mobility of his hind end, and we have been going to Norterra two to three times a month for the past two months, just so Howie can get the acupuncture treatment needed . I have to bring his brother (Dudley) along, and the staff is so kind, always giving treats to both dogs, and truly treating them like they are their own. I am so thankful to have found Norterra Animal Hospital! I'm happy to report, Howie is regaining movement, all thanks to Dr. Simonson!
Trust all of the previous reviews - Norterra Animal Hospital is great! Really appreciate the availability of appointments, quick and efficient visits, and friendly staff. I first started coming here because my dog had a minor emergency and they were the only vet open and available to see her on a Sunday. Not only that, but they were the best vet I've been to in Phoenix and I've tried a few. Great all-around vet - competent, trustworthy, and caring.
Both vets that worked with our dog were great. The staff is super friendly as well. So nice to have a facility open extended hours over the weekend too. It is rather expensive, but the convenience of having a nice facility in the area will keep us going back.
WOW!  I will never step foot in this animal hospital again!  First of all they push their per insurance aka "care program", ummm NO!  and if you don't get on their care program bandwagon you will pay out the butt for services!  They want to charge me $250 to clean my dogs teeth and they want to put her to sleep to do such!  Are you kidding me?  I've never had a vet want to put her to sleep to clean her teeth!  They took my dog in the back and supposedly examined her and gave her shots.  Really?  did they?  I have never been to a vet that does not check your dog in front of you and give shots in front of you. I have no idea what they did to her, if anything and nearly $200 later I walked out of the place.  The doctor had a poor bedside manner, slightly rude, rather matter of fact, not at all personable or friendly at all.  A rock has more personality than the doctor had!  Needless to say I will not be returning to this facility. DO  NOT  GO  TO  THIS  FACILITY !  They are a SCAM!  They rape you of your hard earned money and you have no clue if they have even examined your pet or given the shots since none of those services are done in front of the owner!
At first I thought it was pretty cool deal to make monthly payment for all the visits and vaccines including spay / neuter. Through out the whole year I was with them not once I was satisfied :( when I took my puppy she was tiny little thing and I wanted to wait until she grows bigger n stronger to get spayed but, they were pressuring me to get her spayed right away. I finally decided to get her spayed when she was 6month old. She came home n she started crying all night long. I have 3 older dogs who went through this procedure and I knew something was wrong cz her reaction was way different than my other 3 dogs I could tell she was in more pain than usual. I took her in the next day to make them check on her to make sure everything was okay I heard female vet behind the door right before she walked into our room just sounded annoyed n told assistant it was normal reaction after surgery didn't understand why I was there for. She walked in looked at me like I was an idiot and talked to me like I was little kid then gave me stronger pain medicine for my puppy. My puppy n I both didn't get any sleep for 2 nights in a row cz she was crying the whole time (I had to call in sick for work to stay with her at home so, lost money that week too...) I had to take her back in again cz her wound didn't look like it was healing properly they told me it was infected n GLUED her skin together to close that open wound by the time when i got home glue got dried n her wound popped open again! Long story short it took my poor baby girl almost a month to recover from simple procedure n on the top of it i found out later that they charged me extra $250 for something they didn't even do thank god I took a look at the bill n asked what it was n they reimbursed me that money (what if i didn't notice anything about it they could've got away with taking extra $$$ from me!) until today everyone tells me her scar is too big for her body. And I felt like they always tried to convince me to get something that wasn't included in the plan to charge me more which my current vet told me everything she was getting extra weren't even necessary to have in Vegas weather so, I paid them more than I should've had...about a week after I canceled the plan with them I got a letter and voice mail from them telling me my puppy was due for couple of vaccines n gave me the regular price for those. I'm sure they saw what she needed that month when I was canceling on the phone why didn't they mention anything for me to get them done that same month when it was supposed to be covered by the plan I had when i was already paying them that month?? How shady!!
Not sure if they're too busy or understaffed, but I'm always waiting for lengthy periods of time when I come here.  I always drop my dog off at 7am to give them plenty of time & ensure he's ready. Low & behold, I drop him off today for a comprehensive exam and 8 hours later still not ready.  Whenever I go to the reception desk, the lady is always so busy (& typically rude) with incoming phone calls, that people standing in front of her come 2nd place.  Nice facility & nice vets, but they don't manage the business well nor account for busier shifts.  I'm done with this place.
Yesterday was our first day using Desert Bloom Mobile Vet Service. After reading the reviews on Yelp and the testimonials on their website I figured I would give them a try since we were looking for a vet in Gilbert.     How unique to be able to have a vet come to the house...I've heard of concierge medicine but not for animals.     I was thrilled they were able to squeeze me in, since 1 of my 3 dogs had an "emergency" situation. Dr. Molina and her staff were wonderful from the moment they walked in the door. Very professional and my dog wasn't nervous because he was in his own environment. They were very thorough and provided a great service.     We were so happy with Dr. Molina that we will be having them come back to do a check up on our other two dogs and do teeth cleanings for all three of the boys :)    I would highly recommend Desert Bloom Mobile Vet Service!
We were new to the area and needed to find a vet for your dogs.  This hospital is very close to our house.  After one visit we knew Seville Vet was the place.  The staff is very friendly. We love Dr. Bronz and so do both of our dogs.
The whole staff was super friendly. They took great care of my dog who had had an allergic reaction to something. The receptionist was so kind to advise me to print out the coupon from the website for 50% off first visit.   The Dr. Was so knowledgable and thorough in explaining my dog's treatment and answered all questions. I think we found our new vet.
I trust Dr. Jill Bronze, manager Gary and the rest of the staff at Seville Veterinary Hospital utterly and completely with the care and well being of my precious animals. They are ALWAYS compassionate, respectful, kind, competent and thorough with the examinations, treatments and care of my 6 year old German Shepherd Lobo, my 10 month old pound puppy Bella and my 3 year old American Eskimo Shy. Dr. Jill treats my dogs like they are her own as does Gary and for that I am truly grateful!! Shy is a rescue who was dumped in the desert to die and who unfortunately tested positive for heartworm. Thankfully,he and I have Dr. Bronze,Gary and the rest of the staff at Seville Veterinary Hospital to treat and cure him! I trust Dr. Bronze with Shy's life and won't go anywhere else. I highly recommend Seville Veterinary Hospital to all who have pets they love.
Our 3-year-old pug mix recently had a large molar fall out unexpectedly. After first going to a different vet (who briefly glanced at our dog's mouth and said "Oh it's a breed thing. We'll clean his teeth and he'll be fine"), I took him to Seville Vet Hospital for a second opinion. Dr. Bronze took several looks at different areas of his mouth and gave me a thorough explanation as to why his tooth fell out. It turns out that he had periodontal disease (which is common in pugs) that had caused some abscesses and inflammation. I appreciated the time that she took to discuss the issue with me, and I did not feel rushed at all. I have never been to a vet (or a doctor for that matter) who really took the time to make sure I had a good understanding of what the issue was.     Our dog had a dental cleaning and some extractions, and I felt very comfortable with Seville performing the procedures. His teeth and breath are 100% better. I also did not get the impression that they would try to upsell unnecessary dentals - Dr. Bronze even stated that as long as we give our dog the proper dental care, he will likely not need a dental cleaning for quite a while.
This was our third vet for our Olde English Bulldogge puppy. They were incredibly responsive, helpful, friendly, and most importantly, knowledgable about our breed.  The cost was a little less than the other clinics as well.    As far as pushing products (as mentioned in another review): like all vet clinics, they seemed to be aligned with certain brands, but told us our brands were great and to keep using them.  Our dog's dental health is fine, so they said to keep doing what we're doing... Absolutely no hard sales.  They'll be our vets for life.
Seville Veterinary Hospital is a quality, caring business. Two out of three of my dogs have now been there. The staff is efficient and knowledgeable and understand that most people's pets are like family members. They offer numerous services for all pet related needs but do not push them unnecessarily.
Dr. Lowrance is by far the best vet I have found for my two dogs. She and Jason are professional, knowledgeable, easy to get a hold of and fairly priced. It's great that they come to your home- my dogs are much more comfortable in their own environment and I don't have to go through the hassle of the trip to the vet's office.   I highly recommend Small Animal Housecalls to anyone looking for an excellent  and convenient veterinarian. You will not be disappointed!
Dr. Melanie Lowrance  and Jason just came to the house to do a litter check on my 5day old chocolate labs, we also had dew claws removed.  They both were so very nice and did the removal quickly but with care. I sure appreciated this as it is my least favorite part of caring for a new litter.  The HUGE benefit to this is not just the convenience of having a vet come to your home, but taking a new puppy to the vet is leaving them susceptible to other doggie germs.  This risk is something I don't like to take.  Parvo as well as other things are so easily spread.       Regarding cost, I have 4 dogs and all vets charge an office visit and then the price of whatever service you are receiving.  Small Animal House Calls  home visit charge was $45. I am not sure if the price changes depending on where you live, but I know some "offices" can charge upwards of $60, so I felt the $45 was a great price.  The dew claw removal was also a bit cheaper than one of the vets I go to and the same price as another.....so to me, this was a no brainer!  Add into the equation, now that I met the team, how awesome they are and I just found myself a new vet!
On April 7, 2014, I had a very sick 13 yr old Newfoundland, my normal vet was booked and they recommended a mobile vet, since I  was alone, with a very sick large breed dog.  Well the vet they recommeded was closed on Mondays, so I took to the internet for help. I stumbled on to Dr. Melanie Lawrance. I called her and within 2 hours, she was examining my girl. She was very caring to my dog and to me, as my girl was very very sick, Dr Lawrance gave me some options, but recommended her 3rd option of euthanasia, as my girl was so dehydrated and her heart rate was extreamly high. I knew it was time to say good bye to my best friend. Dr. Lawrance let me spend some time with her and without any stress amd in the comfort of our home, Tynnie went to be an angel. She is now, out of pain and can walk and run with our other dogs in heaven.. I miss her so much. I am so thankful to have discovered the "Angel" we called for help. Even with her very young sick baby, she came and helped me with my older sick baby. I will forever be grateful to her for allowing me the gift of having Tynn at home when she took her last breath. This is was a difficult decision, but with her guidance, I knew it was the right thing to do. Thank you for your excellent service Dr. Lawrance, even tho I only met you that one time, you were heaven sent to us. I wish you much success and happiness.  You will alway have my recommendation. And I know I willl call you again. You were amazing.   Liz
We were in search of a new Vet for our dogs dental cleaning as the last did not clean their teeth properly. We met Dr. Inna Goncharov, D.V.M.  Dr. Goncharov was very friendly and honest with us regarding what was needed for our dogs. Dr. Goncharov did not do any pressure sales. The office staff was very friendly and inviting. Our dogs teeth at the end looked beautiful.     Thank you to Warm Hearts Pet Hospital for your wonderful services and caring of our loved pets. Apollo and Sir Silas will be regular patients now with you guys.    Warm Hearts Pet hospital is highly recommended.
I've been taking my two dogs here for three years. They are always friendly and it is extremely easy making appointments. No need for appts for nail cuts. Great helpful experienced staff.
I have seen Dr. Ina  before she had her own practice.  I loved  her then and I still feel the same way.  I had to take my ig in for a dental cleaning.  It had cost more than I had.  So Dr.  Ina told me to come in next time I get paid she just wants to take care of my ig.  Thank you so much for doing that.  My old vet would of kept my dog till I payed them in full.  That is a vet that really cares.
This hospital is amazing !! I will be a client for life, really. My dog had surgery a few months back here,and they treated both of us so well ! They explained everything that needed to be done, and also were very understanding as I called back several times to check on his progress. They were very compassionate in everything they do, and I highly recommend these guys !!
I came across this animal hospital when I was fostering dogs for P.A.W.S.  Even though they are quite far away from me (40 miles/1hr drive) I found them to be extremely helpful and more importantly affordable. Dr Notario is Awesome and very through when examing my dogs.  The only negative I have for them is their wait time which can sometimes be a few days since they are always booked but I guess that is a testament to how good they are.   I will continue to go to them and recommend them to anyone who is looking for affordable pet healthcare.
Our vet, Dr. Joshua Winston from Sun City is the medical director at this hospital  Every visit is great.  All our dog does is shake and high five with the vet.  He doesn't even know he's getting the exam except for the thermometer (lol).  Very compassionate staff.  It's worth the drive for us about 20 miles. They even waive the office visit for military active and retired.
I just adopted a 1 year old Shepard mix from here 3 days ago and she is such a sweet dog. The shelter volunteers are super nice and they're as helpful as they can be.     I wasn't sure if she was potty trained so we taped painter plastic and masking paper to the floor in case of accidents. I took her out on 5 different walks, but she wouldn't pee. She held it for at least 20 hours or so, and ended up peeing inside. However, since we were prepared, it didn't take long to clean up and just replace the area she urinated in.     As a result, I decided to take her on a walk for my friend and her dogs. Whenever her dogs would pee/poo we would praise and pet them. And so my dog decided to do the same and she got a treat. So now she pees and poos outside. Granted I have only had her for a few days, but it seems like she is officially potty trained in 1 day haha.     Of course I can't take all the credit...her previous owners or the shelter must have trained her too. This is the great thing about adopting dogs is because you can get an older one that is already pre-trained. She is calm and doesn't bite things that are not hers and never goes on the bed or couch.
We got our precious pup, Mumford (formerly named Hubble) here over a year ago. They do a wonderful job of keeping their website up to date so it's easy to find a new furry friend to call your own! Our doggie came microchipped, with all his shots, with a bag of food, and they even sent him home with one of his favorite toys at the shelter. They  have awesome deals so that the doggies or kitties that need homes can be adopted quickly. I couldn't recommend them higher, and I love the work they do.
We adopted little Ralphie from HALO. One of the volunteers had got him out of the kennel and left us take him out into the gated/fenced area. My husband and I left to get some lunch and discuss the possibility of taking little Ralph home. We returned after lunch and started the process. They set us up in a meet and greet room for one on one time with Ralph, who was just as poilte as any dog could be. They provided a colar and a bag of dog food and the adoption fees include the neuter, vaccinations and micro-chipping. Good organization.
Had a positive experience here adopting a dog. I checked out the website ahead of time and I brought my current dog with me when I went to see how she would get along with the potential picks. They let me walk through and pick a few dogs to bring outside and interact with. I chose a dog that seemed impartial to my own and asked what the policy was if it did not work out. They reassured me that if they did not take to each other I could switch her out for another dog. She settled in really well was already potty trained and all around more well mannered then my other dog!
We just adopted our second dog from Halo and she is so precious! The staff were friendly, inviting, and very helpful, and the new facility makes it even easier to see all the beautiful animals available for adoption.     The little girl we chose was very shy and nervous at first, but after sitting on our laps for several minutes and meeting our other pup (also adopted from Halo a year and a half ago) she quickly warmed up to us. She still needs to learn to walk on a leash, but she already seems comfortable asking to go outside for bathroom breaks and definitely wants to cuddle with as many people as possible. It's like she's been a part of our family from the beginning! We love Halo and will continue to adopt from them.
I have mixed feelings about Halo... On one hand, I got my puppy here and he is a good dog, but on the other, our actual experience was not very good. We went one day to look at dogs with the thought that we might adopt. They have a lot of dogs here and the conditions aren't wonderful. A lot of the dogs are in indoor/outdoor cages that were very dirty when we went. The dogs kept indoors were 3-4 per cage. We filled out the paperwork to meet some of the dogs we had seen and handed them to the man at the counter. Then we preceded to wait....and wait....and wait. Not wanting to be impatient, I finally went up to ask how much longer it would be. Oh, they lost my paperwork. Great. We refilled out the paperwork and finally got taken back to see the dogs. The people who work/volunteer here weren't very knowledgeable, but helped as much as they could. We found a dog that would be a good match and his adoption fee was 185$... a lot more than the Humane Society. I understand, but it seemed a little steep. We took our pup home and fed him the food they sent home with us. He wouldn't eat. He wouldn't eat for a week. We thought maybe it was an adjustment period. That is until we fed him a different food and he ate it all. How long had he been at the shelter refusing to eat? I know he had been there at least a week. That just made me sad. Additionally, unlike the Humane Society, Halo does not include a vet visit with adoption, so that is unfortunate, as many animals do have initial medical needs. I don't know that I would adopt here again, but I did get a good pup and am thankful for finding him.      PS The dog was listed as black and white and indeed looked that way....that is until we washed him and he turned out to be brown and white.... would've been nice if they rinsed these poor dogs off. Just a thought.
Dr. Veena Khunkhun is a very nice lady that does a very good job of making a horrible situation as easy as possible.    She came to euthanize our vey old dog and showed up at the scheduled time. She showed up with an assistant that was very nice.    LIKES: She doesnt ask you for more money to "sedate" your dog. Nor should any vet that does euthanasia. Its inhumane to think about not sedating a dog first.    She is very pleasant.    Her assistant is very pleasant.    Her price was fair. As fair as 30 mins of "work" could be i suppose.    DISLIKES:    I found it distasteful when the whole family is laying on the floor with the pet that is soon departing to ask for the check. Finance issues should really be taken care of via phone in situations like this or the day prior. Its just, tacky.    She does not deliver the ashes back from the crematorium. This is something that some in home pet euthanasia docs do offer and we personally would have preferred that.
Angel Veterinary services was a GOD SENT!! Going through this horrible time of laying my Ruby 11 year old german shepard to rest. Dr. Venna Khunkhun was very soothing and totally understood every aspect of my grief and situation without even knowing Ruby or I. Her wonderful comforting staff made me feel at peace with my decision and treated Ruby like a queen. The level of compassion and professionalism that they showed me and Ruby is unforgettable. I will forever be eternally grateful to these three amazing women. They went beyond from what I expected of Angel Veterinary Services from Ruby's paw print, a thoughtful condolence card that I received from them prompted me to come here and write my review. Thank you and I know Ruby is smiling at all of us from doggy heaven.
Dr. Gina was compassionate and professional in caring for our dog. Having our dog cared for at the comfort of our own home made for a more pleasant experience than having to take our dog into an office environment. We appreciated her expertise and care provided to our pet. We would highly recommend Dr. Gina's veterinary services as we will be using her for any future veterinary needs.
I am so impressed with this whole business.  We needed a local vet for our 3 dogs and I happened on the Valet Vet.  Not wanting to wrestle mine into a scorching hit car to travel to a clinic, this house call vet caught my eye.      Dr Gina and her assistant came in and sat right down on the floor in my living room, making themselves very accessible and non threatening to the dogs, on their own turf.  After a few minutes of gentle pets, I don't think the dogs even realized they were being examined as they were just soaking up the attention.    One of my dogs had a pretty big issue that was going to require some dental surgery.  This was expected on our part so no surprise.  We had an appointment very soon after diagnosis.      Today was surgery day and, I have to say, that van is state of the art.  My dog is recovering nicely and all went well.      Dr Gina was mindful of the expense and offered a few payment options if needed. Overall I believe Valet Vet is reasonably priced for the level of care shown to my dogs.  This business exceeded my expectations.      Yes, there is a house call fee.    For the convenience of me not having to pack them up and go, for the lower stress on my dogs who just had a "visit" at home rather then a sterile office to smell all the strange smells and get worked up...the house call fee is MORE then worth it.      VERY impressed.    I'm proud to have you as our family vet.
Dr. Anderson and her staff are the best!!! My dog was attacked by another dog and his eyes were swollen shut. Of course this came at a time when money was really tight and payday was 3 days away.  Dr. Anderson took care of the appointment and all the meds, took 50% of the entire bill and then only had me pay half of that till payday. I love this place they really put the animals well being first. I will never go anywhere else. Thank you so much!!! Rocky is doing so much better :)
We just started taking our newly adopted puppy here, so our experience for the time being is limited, but so far has been fantastic! Very personable staff. Dr. took time explaining everything and didn't rush us out the door, even though we had a lot of questions. She provided a comprehensive treatment plan for our very sick pup who we're extremely grateful has made a significant turnaround & fingers crossed is on way to full recovery. Can't thank Animal House enough for their attention to detail & caring support.
Ive brought my dogs to Dr. Connie Anderson for around 10 years. She is calm and genuinely cares for her patients. Her common sense got us through some very tough decisions and we appreciated her compassionate treatment of our family both human and canine.
We moved to queen creek a few months ago and had to find a new vet for our two English bulldogs. We took them to animal house and have been really pleased with the service and care they have provided. We haven't had any MAJOR medical needs but they have been great with our small stuff so far.
We have been taking our dog to Dr Connie Anderson for over a year now and I have to say, she is one of the best vets we have seen.  Can't recommend her practice enough?  Very caring and compassionate and isn't all about making money.    Just a thought to the gentleman below.  I would voice your concern with the clinic about the hours and I am sure they would be happy to fix this issue...instead of you giving a 2 star review.
My experience was for a nail trim on my two small dogs. The tech was professional and gentle although she hit the quick on my Yorkie ;-( It happens.   The upsetting part was that a woman who was niether the receptionist nor the tech decided to more than double the price at check out. I was quoted $12 for a trim. When the service had already been done she said, "your dog was difficult. The price is now $25" well if this was simple I wouldn't hire a professional to do it. I was upset and stood my ground but felt disrespected and angry. They should post fair prices and not price switch after service has been provided.
Awesome vet and grooming salon! They don't over charge or try to charge you for everything little thing. They're very patient with our dogs and it's clear that they actually care and have a passion for animals. Never a long wait time or anything to complain about. The grooming service is great as well... Much cheaper than other places and our dogs come out smelling and feeling nice and clean. Will definitely go back.
Buddy Bear went for his first vet visit today and they treated him great here. Dr. John Ensign was really nice and extremely helpful. Very nice facility and the staff is super friendly. Ask about their puppy visits. We're definitely going to take advantage of that. I would recommend Boca Park Animal Hospital to everyone.
I brought my 5 month old husky here for her first shots in December.  We made an appointment before and didn't even wait 10 minutes before Dr. Ensign came in to see us.  He made me feel very comfortable and was really knowledgeable about huskies and the type of dog food she should eat. (She gets really bad gas, lol).     He also recommended a trainer for her, as we were looking to get the basic obedience. Michaels Angel Paws uses the outside area for training and I started taking my pup on Monday nights. Steph was an awesome trainer.    We also decided to go to the groomers here, (to keep everything convenient). I've used other groomers but have been nothing but disappointed. They are awesome as well.    Overall, Dr. Ensign is a great vet with great recommendations and a great staff. I'll be bringing any future animals here from now on.
The staff is very friendly and we immediately felt at home here, more importantly, so did our pets.  Dr. Ensign is amazing with the animals and talked with us extensively about his philosophies and answered all our questions. The staff is very knowledgeable as well, and we knew our dogs will be in good hands here. They were so relaxed, they even fell asleep while we were talking with Dr. Ensign.  Prices are reasonable and there is training and a groomer onsite.  We took our puppies here for a puppy visit a few weeks after their first visit, just so they could play and associate vet visits with fun.
WOW! My vet appointment was by far the best vet experience I've ever encountered...and my dog is nearly 11 and we move often for the military so I've seen LOTS of different vets over the years.  The nurse and vet were both extraordinary, taking plenty of time to talk, get to know my dog, find out everything of his 10 yr history.  Nothing was rushed.  The facility is truly incredible and the front staff were so friendly and helpful. I was given a tour of the boarding and vet facilities.  I have nothing bad to report about Boca Park vet and will definitely refer friends there.
My puppy visits the Boca Park Animal Hospital doggy daycare at least 4x a week. He has a blast and comes home exhausted. I am incredibly grateful to have found a safe place for my puppy to get socialized and have fun. The entire BPAH team continues to impress me with their animal care knowledge, top notch customer service and love for animals.     We also see Dr. Ensign for his veterinary care. Doc is a terrific vet and answers all my crazy puppy parent questions with a smile.
It has been several weeks since Jax's surgery and I couldn't be happier with the care and consideration myself and my dog have received. His after-care was handled well and a long term care plan is in place that is not over zealous; ie super $$$  His ear issues as well as some discovered dental issues are finally addressed and under control after a 6+ months running around with other vets.    Do yourself and your pet a favor; Invest in a man and a staff that care about your pet and will provide you superior care and service.
I brought my dog Jax into Boca Park with chronic ear issues. They were prompt, friendly, and professional in coordinating my appointment in just 48 hrs (I had contacted them late Friday night, they had arranged for previous vet record transcripts and an appt for us by 3:00pm Monday).  The staff was friendly and the faculty clean, organized, and transparent which I really appreciated.   The dctr was fully present during his time with my dog, not rushed or impatient.  He had taken the time to read the email I had sent detailing the concerns I had about my dog before the appt.  He went through several options for treatment, weighed their pros and cons with me, gave me his recommendations, and then left.  His staff prepared an itemized quote for me which I felt was fair. I was not pressured in anyway to commit on the spot for any of their services.    My dog will be returning for his procedure in 2 days time and was given a detailed care plan/meds in between now and his surgery date.    I will update my review based on my upcoming experience through a surgical procedure and aftercare. As of now, I am impressed with their level of care and interest and feel as though I have made a good decision by putting my dog's care in their hands.
Excellent Vet and beautiful, immaculate facility.  We brought our new puppy for her first exam and her 6 and 8 week shots combined.  The charges were MORE than reasonable.  They also offered free pet insurance for 30 days on her.  We have definitely found our new vet!
My brother, parents and myself now all take our fur babies to Dr. Roach. He is professional and compassionate, and I couldn't ask for more.  The facility is bran new and extremely clean and the prices are awesome! Can't go wrong. If you are in need of a new vet don't hesitate!    I have also had my dogs groomed here and she did an awesome job! They also have a boarding facility (have not used it yet, but would completely trust leaving my dogs there if I needed to)
After years of taking both of my dogs to a previous vet I was recommended to Dr Roach for some help with the breeding process. Dr Roach and the staff are very kind they are not pushy with trying to sell you everything under the sun! The office is brand new and very clean. We have now switched vets and will continue to take our pups here for all there needs from now on!
My new beagle puppy needed to get seen for some bugs he had on him. The doctors and receptionists in the front were very friendly and welcoming towards Eros and got me fixed up within the hour!     The doctor was more than happy to write down a detailed explanation of any other care questions I had about taking care of my puppy and the experience left me confident and satisfied with his visit.     Highly recommend visiting this place for all pet owners!
Dr. Roach, his team, and his practice are all exceptional!!! From the minute you walk in, you know you're in the best hands. Not only are the vet and his team incredibly warm and friendly and the fees super reasonable - and the services provided white glove in their delivery and care - but West Russell is also the best place to board an animal.     Regarding boarding - the dog runs are clean, big and welcoming! (They have several options re: size and with or without watch-at-home cameras.) Our Whippet has stayed here several times for long weekends and she always seems happy and rested when we pick her up. Plus, her tail wags as she runs in to the place every time we come to drop her off. Stop by, take a tour, meet the team - you'll know this is the best vet practice possible!
